romney's 'fault' or not he's outmatched ! weighed , measured found wanting .
cnn's mother of all polls : obama 49 %, romney 48 %
can't wait till niall's st patricks day tweet expressing his irish pride
how are you celebrating st . patrick's day ?! xxxxxx
tens of thousands are watching . are you out of your fucking mind to permit this ?
just noting for appreciation of scope . me and several of my friends in pittsburgh are tracking all the goings-on in closely
sxsw spring break i think yes .!
nice shirt ! yea i decided to skip sxsw this year . i miss austin though .
you have better content than most of these panelists :)
we cannot wait for the industry party that we're sponsoring tonight !
deadly ebola virus hits lagos ??: the deadly ebola virus disease which has killed over over 500 people in west africa has hit lagos , t
deadly ebola virus hits lagos ??: the deadly ebola virus disease which has killed over over 500 people in west
the fear of ebola is the beginning of being careful .
it's phcity number one blog : jim iyke flees liberia over ebola outbreak
hurricane sandy's pool party ! riyl captain beefheart the magic band
thank-you god !!! bless my 3 beautiful kids all those who have been affected by sandy . my heart goes out to those who lost loved ones .
hurricane fucking up the east coast ! :o
category one hurricane is drizzle to floridians lol
this just in : plans to celebrate st . patrick's day by being a bitch as usual .
calling st . patricks day a holiday is like calling a saturday a sconce
anxiously waiting to see who are the that will be linked to the
wohoo people are so ambitious in the west :s here our pm is the most shameless of all .
no school tommorow or tuesday lets fucking go i love you sandy
let the hurricane /football festivities begin
+` niggas blowing mee taking diss hurricane as a joke soon as somebody diess they going be looking sickk in da
yeah , i am scared for this hurricane
incredible photos : superstorm slams east -
my heart goes out to everyone that lost their homes due to sandy ugh that's terrible nj you are in my prayers .
tracking sandy live online : canceled events , missed flights , videos and maps
tracking sandy live online : canceled events , missed flights , videos and maps via
the people need a champion . - president obama
don't forget to vote tomorrow and it better be for obama ! also no on b . i want to keep my rights and the freedom of doing what i do .
today we're going to see a lot of cultural appropriation . happy st patrick's day .
happy st patrick's day all , have a good one !
wow a commercial within a commercial vw & star wars mashup , again
it's wouldn't be the without a theme'd commercial
finally back in brooklyn after a few days of hurricane sandy buns . everything is normal here , except the crazy people seem slightly crazier .
tonight , she's gonna be soaking wet , not from hurricane sandy
happy saint patrick's day everyone !! we will be open at 10 am !!
happy st . patrick's day from all of us here at sitedart !
sandy can't touch us here
greet sandy with a smile and tell her you fucked irene
celebrating st patricks day by working out with my trainer !
why celebrate st patrick's day when you're not irish ?
don't ask me what the offside rule is . the answer will be you being out of the kitchen .
if you can't outplay them , outwork them . -ben hogan
emergency on the hms bounty : 17 crew on replica forced to abandon ship caught in path of sandy
if hurricane sandy don't watch it with that typical woman attitude ; she go get her razz arrested by them nypd
may all your mats be green today happy st . patrick's day everyone ! whether you've kissed the blarney stone or
it's cruddy weather here , so no birds out that i've seen . good morning and happy st . patrick's day anyway ! ^_^
prayers and love to the country god bless america
if god brings you to it , he will bring you through it
on mike brown's image and says forensics is key :
friend of michael brown wanted in jefferson city theft - 2013 warrant for dorian johnson ?
alan grayson is from florida is back !!! and west is out !! and obama won fl .and gov . scotts ' voter suppression tanked
obama is again the president of u .s.a!!i am soooo proud of him 3
gorgeous girl mooks all ready to celebrate st . patricks day in style in her glamorous green rebel bandana !!
well bristol must know it's st patricks day weekend cause that's a green racetrack haha
wishing all a happy st patrick's dayfrom the marion o'donnell collection , parkwood nhs archives
happy st . patricks day from h2t ! there's still time to get those nails polished green .
ladies come thru to and get ur obama girls club hoodies an tees 19456 livernois and outer
whether or not you wanted obama to win , don't worry , i'm taking economy next semester
prayers thoughts for victims of all tragedies this week
this is great . nothing more true than this .
intros surge pricing during sydney hostage siege , then backtracks after user outcry
most of my tweets have been serious , but im currently staring at a seagull at the on tv it seems to be watching the police .
i often did that just because i never remember when st patrick's day is . _
honestly what the fuck is a st .patricks day ?
happy st patrick day to all my twitter and facebooks friends
happy st . patrick's day ! public house w /
hi i'm with we post our reports online : but not yet available for nepal 1 /2
with the and , sounds like mordecai wouldn't do a solid for rigby
video : 10 /27: millions brace for sandy's arrival ; when marines leave afghanistan (cbs): share with friends : |
video : 10 /27: millions brace for sandy's arrival ; when marines leave afghanistan (cbs): share with fr
t .s. hagupit batters philippines : the storm that has buffeted the philippines for days weaken team follow back
[cnn] t .s. hagupit batters philippines : the storm that has buffeted the philippines for days weakened monday a
69 killed in easter attack on christians : on this easter sunday , christians in lahore ming
69 killed in easter attack on christians : on this easter sunday , christians in lahore mingled with their musli
the psychic elephant predicts poland will beat russia okaii i'll go with that ! go poland !!
watching the ruskis battle the poles whilst getting my ibiza bod sorted
so who got robbed ? poland or greece ? dont want this ref for any england games
ft : poland 1 -1 greece (lawendowski 17 '- salpingidis 51 ')
heartbroken by the news from boston . my thoughts and prayers go out to those effected by these terrible acts . be safe boston .
my prayers and condolences go out to all was effected by the boston bombing . this world is ridiculous
if the hurricane happenns imma die , there is no food at my house . theres only mountain dew and slim jims -_-
your at the beach ?! there's a hurricane coming !!!
wolf blitzer was on the front lines in gaza , but the media can't follow ferguson pd document a huge seven arrests a night .
hey if epic fail police are arresting protestors for standing still why aren't they arresting they can protest !
: paris attack mastermind killed , jared fogle sentencing , l .a. cop killed outside police hq - :
mm's anyone ? seems like it was less than 10 in paris !
im so scared , if you live near paris please stay safe
anybody currently in paris , please stay safe . thoughts go out to all of you and i hope it's over soon .
happy st .patrick's day to all my irish friends and family !! erin go braugh !
happy st patrick's day to all our irish friends :) x
where the sandy beaches are white ; where the skies are blue ; where the grass is green .
want a status update of transit systems post ? peep this - (via
rush l . is losing his mind over the fact christie actually approved of obama's performance so far during sandy .
at my school i will have a fundraiser for all the victims of hurricane sandy rt if i really should do it asap
well , a few things are keeping me from sxsw this yeari'll see ya at a3c
this will change , but here is my initial film schedule .
ottawa shooting suspect named via
great piece . pleasure living in the nation's capital . today doesn't change that .
no school tomorrow meaning schools are closed tomorrow for hurricane sandy !!! for all ny students haha
lets go sandy lets go !!
yanis varoufakis criticises michael noonan's handling of the debt crisis .
if isn't release by the time i drive from cork to galway tomorrow , i'll be raging . raging .
etn nepal earthquake : four players from odisha in u -14 girl's football team return home : the team members were
nepal earthquake : four players from odisha in u -14 girl's football team return home
really looking forward to the footie today . time for the big guns . i got denmark in the office sweepstake !
[arsenal blogs ] match report : poland vs greece ; greek tragedy avoided thanks to howler man szczesny
one thing obama must do
hol up a minute y'all thought was finised ! romney tried 2 get the white house but it already rented !
can't wait for the game between germany and italy tonight !
germany v italy : dear azzuri , look out for the exhilarating speed of marco reus
bring it sandy !! everyone stay safe !! :)
sandy and i are gonna have some problems if she thinks about throwing a branch at my ride
shit obama's daughters grew up
obama came out him his wife and kids
everyone's buggin about this hurricane , ill be in ocean gate all day . chilllllllll people
check out all the peanut butter !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jniptarjkz
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/5b3p5bb1bc
get jiggy with it . happy st .patrick's day everyone !
happy st . patrick's day from rouen with
i liked a video psychic bob addresses the crises in nepal and baltimore md
there's fear that the death toll will rise significantly as relief workers reach rural villages .
the glad office is closed today due to hurricane sandy . everyone stay safe .
good morning not sure where u are if you are in the pathof please stay safe .
alex is wishing you a happy st .patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! we started today off with a jolt but it's all good ! , ,
obama or romney ! fuck that ! i can't vote yet hell !
not even kidding if obama is reelected i'm moving to mexico
this week's nepal quake killed 100 : the death toll in nepal from this week's magnitude 7.3 earthqua (via
this week's nepal quake killed 100 : the death toll in nepal from this week's magni
happy st . patrick ' s day xx
dang .. tomorrow is st patrick's day
no spring break , miami or sxsw for me
if you're not on spring break or at sxsw , you gotta be at tonight !
st .patricks day bbq on the beach ,malibu last night ! thank you we are on our way !!!
happy st . patrick's day from the pre-schoolers at the olde schoolhouse daycare center
i want denmark to beat portugal
who's tuned in to for denmark v portugal ?
reporters are not only being kept away , they're being threatened and constantly pushed back .
rt just witnessed dellwood market being looted
will hurricane affect the election ? voice your opinion :
i was feeling great until i turned on the news
everybody making a big deal about this hurricane we probably won't have it now
gotham photo : menacing clouds over new york ahead of hurricane sandy -
sm : teacher raises $130k to feed public school students
the library , where teachers are volunteering to teach students .
in honor of st . patrick's day , we have a very important quiz for you : which marshmallow are you ?!
celebrate st . patrick's day with corned beef that you actually want to eat . check out this flavorful recipe from
have a safe night .free st . patrick's day rides on rtc thru midnight as well as a free tow home with aaa's
it is not st . patrick's day without this video . this never gets old .
but now what's important is sweden and germany must be aware of terror attacks after paris as they have most refugees in !
today all of us are french and all of us are from paris
so egypt , iran and china think we have human rights issues . egypt , iran and china think we have human rights issues .
dystopian novels have mutated from science fiction to science of policing
do they have to be irish to have a happy st patrick's day ? ; )
its st patricks day what
happy st . holi patricks day . it's all about the green today friends
happy saint patrick's day ! if you're home , check us out on whus 91.7 fm at 3 pm ! we'll be playing live and talking
obama makes victory speech , says the best is yet to come #
yes bcz obama don win
another suspected paris attacker may have died in raids
retweeted wall street journal another suspected paris attacker may have died in raids
can you follow me my patrick
savannah ga is bracing for st patricks day huge 4 day party not my thing i'm staying far away : )
wasted dude at the bus stop singing pre 90 s chili peppers
omg its already st .patricks day !!
happy st patrick's day .everyone is irish today except that kid over therelol
bout to leave out for work happy st patrick's day everybody
: french prosecutors confirming this a-m the man who organized the paris attacks has been killed in a police raid . latest -
prosecutors say the suspected mastermind of the paris attacks died in yesterday's police raid .
i'm praying !!! this is such a disgraceful thing , what sick people would do this ?, my hope goes to the people in the marathon !
my thoughts and prayers go out to all the ppl in boston .
xi extends condolences to nepal over disastrous earthquake
chinese pm extends condolences over nepal's deadly earthquake
so aliens stopped hurricane patricia ????? lol better be glad our god is a merciful god
ship crippled by hurricane patricia readied for scuttling via
tom brady to throw more interceptions than eli manning but to throw for more yards
dat dude should be out there burnin today
update : says officials still don't know who set off the bombs or why , nor whether it was an organization or an individual .
on this is an act of terror . what we don't know if it was set off by an organization or individual (s).
stern just said hurricane katrina instead of sandy .
david stern said hurricane katrina instead of hurricane sandy ! hahahahahah
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pzj6uuroml
notable how the david cameron is being dragged kicking and screaming 2 help refugees : 6 wks ago wanted to bomb their homes
i hate the ending of paris is burning
deeply concerned that paris terrorists were shot rather than arrested .
there has been a serious lack of fist bumping this election season .
for those unfamiliar with - an explainer on controversial pundit nate silver
some kid just said he wished he was bear the hurricane to get out of school . the ignorance of today is something truly
that hurricane can make its way down here , if it means we get out of school . i don't mind paddling places .
well that was a pretty pleasing start to ! thought russia looked fluid and poland had a lot of potential . both could do well .
greece soccer failed their country today
r e t w e e t if you want the ny giants to win the
tom colicchio , elizabeth guy . says 2014 truly belongs to jersey , not ny .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nuh9cp7qu1
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kle79swetx
happy st . patricks day , , . i hope you have a great day .
happy st patricks day guys have a good one
good thing none of us that voted obama have jobs to report to in the morningwe were able to stay up late and see his speech :]
was it barack obama inviting you back ?
belgium was hotspot after france . the moment they captured that mastermind of french bombings in belgium explosions in brussels
when i first saw the news my heart dropped i cant explain how in shock and scared i feel we need to support each other
whats different with the ,some person turning into a snake that's even worse .
victims of nov 13 th paris attack
via rtoday 'just another boy like so many others ': shocked reactions from those who knew germanwings co -
'just another boy like so many others ': shocked reactions from those who knew germanwings co-pi
obama still president 4 more years
well thank the sane people that voted for obama !! as for the people voting romney just why in the hell are
news : stoke on trent paramedic amongst west midlands ambulance service team heading to nepal
pray for nepal : death toll rises to 3,800 in nepal earthquake
wearing green for st patricks day was never that serious !
st . patrick's day walk up the farm
reminder : the real heroes of hurricane sandy were the ones who : reminder : the real heroes of hurricane san
reminder : the real heroes of hurricane sandy were the ones who : reminder : the real heroes of hurricane sandy were the ones who
thanks for the heads up that it's st . patrick's day . i could've been pinched all day !
lol wore green today without even realizing happy st . patrick's day
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xktm9b4pce
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nwbesmsvhl
hope everyone in sydney , australia is staying safe and vigilant
waiting for tony abbott's press conference . soon .
and bobby happy st . patrick's day ! x
there's people singing and playing guitar in my school for st . patrick's day . they're so pathetic .
nbcnightlynews : one of paris attackers first radicalized in french town of chartres - richardengel
moment of silence on mnf for paris got me teary eyed . love the brotherhood between our nations .
fda says sandy delays decisions on some drugs - reuters : fda says sandy delays decisions on some drugsreuters (re
fda says sandy delays decisions on some drugs - reuters
dmemeds shared post via reuters : as ebola stalks west africa , medics fight mistrust , hostility
what is ebola ? how to avoid ebola ? find out here :
pray for the victims and their families suffering from the effects of . god bless america .
haha fuck i love your tags .what were you doing when the hurricane came ?
hurricane sandy destroys atlantic city boardwalk | abc news blogs - yahoo ! news
my room looks like hurricane sandy attacked it , tbh .
evd or ehf is the human disease caused by the ebola virus .
news : another suspected case of ebola virus in nigeria click
happy st . patricks day ! the day of my people !
happy st patrick's day !! anybody going to be celebrating their day off on the ? here's some free trails
if that romney guy wins it's not going to be good . and if he does win , someone's 'fixed' something somewhere somehow ;)
neil diamond , burt bacharach croon for obama volunteers in los angeles (exclusive) (hollywood reporter ): share w
romney - r-money - money - root of all evil - evil . choose wisely america
mitt romney pulls away from the stove to reveal thousands of americans in a pan .
: prosecutor : precise number of dead in saint denis raid is not known
paris - paris prosecutor : precise number of dead in saint-denis raid is not known . copyright 2015 the associated
my condolences for paris ,what a tragedy :(
my heart goes out to all involved in paris .
banks pitch in for hurricane sandy relief : bank of america , wells fargo and td bank are donating a total of $2.5
herald | banks pitch in for hurricane sandy relief : bank of america , wells fargo and td bank are donating a total
i love christmas lights . they remind me of romney voters .they all hang together ; half don't work ; and the ones that do , aren't that bright .
if u vote romney i can't fuck wit ya he don't care about ppl that are not rich
yare flood of help in nepal but it is barely trickling down - the indian express : the indian expressflood yare
flood of help in nepal but it is barely trickling down - the indian express : the indian expressflood of help in nepal but it is barel
monster storm targets east - wall street journal : wall street journalmonster storm targets eastwall street journalhurricane sandy loo
sandy is a storm of enormous proportions and we expect the damage to be extensive and the restoration period to be pr
can any tweeps pls send latest numbers ? thx
why do we still have power ?
w /be live 6 a thru 9 aet from dc on what happened inside the germanwings ' plane before it crashed .
new evidence reveals that the germanwings pilot was locked out of the plane's cockpit before its crash
monster roll : sushi chefs vs sea monsters . seems oddly appropriate in sandy aftermath . ht
apparently sandy did hit harrisonburg
backed to win by 6 -11 points yesterday . cheers
congrats to eli manning and the ny giants on winning the today .
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at achievekids !
st . patrick's day is the celebration of the spread of christianity to ireland . damn you donny .
happy st patricks day to all .hope u r all getting steaming , u no we are over here in napa
happy st . patrick's day !!!! :d i hope it's a great day for everyone
i don't understand how you can be female and support romney , obama has better policies for women !
obama basedgod put it down for his city
over 120 people trapped on remote new york island after refusing to evacuate superstorm sandy via
so did you have people effected by sandy ?
isnt it fantastic to be so excited , passionate and proud to vote ? instead of the normal feeling after voting .
if you're scottish please vote no today . we are better and much stronger together .
i now read strong earthquake strikes nepal : a powerful earthquake strikes west of nepal capital kathmandu , wit
strong earthquake strikes nepal : a powerful earthquake strikes west of nepal ca
a germanwings a320 plane doing barcelona-dusseldorf has crashed in france
breaking : germanwings a320 crash in southern france
happy st patricks day niall please follow me i love you
happy st . patricks day ! having a few pints today ?
it was funny that obama waited til after the election to play mr . nice guy to romney . couldn't display good character beforehand though .
good thing we re-elected obama !
evacuation , aid preps underway ahead of typhoon hagupit : disaster management teams are preparing for th
evacuation , aid preps underway ahead of typhoon hagupit : disaster management teams are preparing for the worst
pilot was locked out of cockpit when flight crashed , reports say
pilot was locked out of cockpit when germanwings flight crashed , reports say : one of the two g
my cousins shirt whatta savage . (she bought this before )
just in-police chasing car containing 4 heavily armed men-stormed thru toll heading to paris
i just realized it's st . patrick's day and i have no money for beer .
of guiness and a packet of crisps ! happy tatum family ! ;))
i just don't think any president could get us out if the debt
a sad day for america the world . another 4 yrs of the same rhetoric with no positive policies to get economy back
attendee at press conference yells that there will be peace when darren wilson is charged with murder
press conference interrupted by someone imploring that officer darren wilson be charged with murder . . no response from gov .
a shark was photographed swimming in the frontyard of a flooded home in brigantine beach , newjersey pic :
definitely praying for the east coast tonight .
hey , vote mitt romney -but only if you've got epic contempt for vietnam vets - happy electio
dow drops in post-election sell-off : wall street greeted a second obama term the way it greeted the first .
i used to enjoy the rain , then i took a sandy to the face .
most of eastern needs between 9 12 inches of rain to end our too bad we couldn't take some of rain !
oh how i miss this happy st . patricks day !!
happy st . patrick's day !harley is our little !#stpaddy'sday
happy st . patrick's day twitter and facebook
happy st . patrick's day . love me and my girlfriend , .
happy returns ahead in stocks whether it's obama or romney - forbes
i think if obama got killed everybody would blame it on romney
stay strong paris we all stand by you .
i can't believe what has happened in paris my heart goes out to everyone in paris .
imagine a hurricane during the world series
i was in new york last year when we had a hurricane wasn't to bad but it's better to be safe than sorry .
they said hurricane irene and all these other storms were going to be bad . they es lied , either way i '
you guys dont understand my college cancelled classes for monday bc of the hurricane which means sunday night parties
st . patricks day with my bestie
it's not technically st . patricks day , but it is
speaking in general not because of the brussels attacks
prayers up for brussels .. we are gonna stop these fucks soon
lmao but is true though idk why they named it sandy
in case some bitch named sandy takes me on to glory here's how i demand that my funeral takes place :
: latest from , belgium , where police operation is under way watch live
: paris attack suspect believed cornered in belgium : source : police have surrounded a via
even more of your favorite beers boycott st . patrick's day parades intolerant to
i want to go to a st . patrick's day party
as typhoon hagupit hits philippines , evacuees express relief : fears over a (#team' shaquille )
as typhoon hagupit hits philippines , evacuees express relief : fears over a repea
psa : st patricks day is monday . take down the christmas decorations .
readingroyals players warming up in special st patrick's day jerseys
praying for paris and everyone around the world who is in danger
we are praying for paris ! our second home .
hurricane to the east and now earthquakes and tsunamis to the west ? north america is doomed .
we gonna get hurricane cam this year lk ?
hurricane is coming and i am on here
classes cancelled for 2 days because of hurricane sandy
i'm optimistic . this line is trucking . looks like i'll be able to pick up my badge and still make it to indie game : the movie .
computers are smarter and know more on who we are , our friends , and our behaviors -
u .s. college student among 129 dead in paris attacks
terrorism funded by saudi arabia . down with the house of saud . they did not take 1 refugee in hmm
well done , you gonna have to prove yourself again in the final
wow , beats on penalty kicks , as tight as it was . spain will go on to the finals ! (and ronaldo didn't kick pk )
kuyt for robben . the dutch have given up .
robben pissed that he's gettin off argh
due to the hurricane sandy coverage on cnn we will not be performing tonight . we are rescheduling f
sandy best ta hurry up '
looking at photos from day 3 - reminds me too much of katrina
via nmhs students to host sandy clothing drive - new milford , nj patch
my girlfriend woke up and ran away , i was still in bed . happy st . patrick's day !
had the breakfast of champions on sat . happy st . patrick's day !
north texas doctor test positive for ebola
u .s. doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : an aid organization says a u .s. doct
cause ' obama is da shit man
so nobody paying attention to obama but some lady with a flag in her weave lmao
for updates on power outages , transportation , school closures , etc , look here :
for updates on power outages , transportation , school closures , etc , look here : via
if your a women and your voting for romney you either a . don't like to have rights or b . are completely unaware an educated .
some people are just voting for obama b /c he's black some are voting for romney b /c he's white
an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is to combat cultural practices leading to
cultural practices aiding spread : an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is t (via
we're a little shaken up but we want to wish y'all a happy st . patrick's day !
might have had a bit too much tonight happy st patrick's day everyone !
new post : happy st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day ! today is the day to celebrate heritage with guinness , jamesons , baileys and leprechaun
for did you hear about what happened in nepal ..what are you hopping for them
shit , nepal ! hoping for the best but not looking very good .
charges filed against man shot by wednesday in - aug 13 pm et
what the hell is happening in right now ? looks like a war zone not america . guns drawn pointed at unarmed protestors .
happy st . patrick's day from new jersey motorsports park !
i'm so festive ! happy st . patrick's day !
briton david dixon confirmed dead in brussels attacks - such sad news
briton confirmed dead in brussels attacks ..rip very sad we need to solve this madness
the french are 'charlie hebdo ': reflecting on life in paris 1 week later : npr's robert siegel reflects on life in paris one week afte
paris climate summit : why more women need seats at the table via
coffey : world shattered again at boston marathon : so the rules change again for us in life , and in sports , four months and a day afte
coffey : world shattered again at boston marathon : so the rules change again for us in life , and in sports , fou
have you ever noticed that you never seem to get laid on st . patrick's day ?
happy st patricks day to the irish among us !
my thoughts are with everyone in paris , stay strong !
witness : paris attackers blame hollande via thedailybeast
obama probability of re-election bounces back : nate silver says president obama's probability of
obama probability of re-election bounces back : nate silver says president obama's probability of winning 270 votes in the electoral c
happy st . patrick's day from haggerty's musicworks !
happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! lucky charms and cabbage for all ! :d
here's an updating twitter list of ottawa shooting reports
stephen harper's office on ottawa shootings : prime minister is safe , being briefed by security officials ; will m
also , i am probably more irish than most of you (except ) and i'm not doing anything for st . patrick's day .
in keeping with st . patrick's day , here's a good proverb for you !
i better get some on the back for this i just packed . go winning team ! lol
happy sunday ! are you going to be watching a ) the game , b ) commercials , or c ) the snack table ?
hightstown : after sandy , voting location has changed : hightstown : the voting location for election day on nov . 6
yes sandy gone it wipe put jersey shore house and yown
we need to st-you were obama for halloween ? ._.
and her reasons for not voting for obama was for issues that don't even effect her .
haply st . patricks day , hope all you gunsters ha a wonderful monday !
happy st patricks day to all my irish peeps and to all those wishing and pretending they were irish today
matinees of cyrano , bad jews , drood , if there is at are on as scheduled ; evening perf of bad jews canceled .
sandy don't disappoint me , i'm expecting big things from this storm
xo have a great weekend aunt j :) we are getting ready for the that bitch sandy (lol) in philly hope she stays away :)
time to get ready for work !! if i here anything further about this sandy chick at work today ?! people are crazy !!
happy st . patrick's day ! be the one to make a difference today !
happy st . patrick's day ! it's always a good time for a guinness !
xabi alonso first . rui patricio saves to the right
xabi alonso for the first penalty . and rui patricio saved ! jesus that's some save !
is very simple , just predict obama .
thank you 4 standing up for pres . obama !
happy st . patricks day (minus the guinness )
happy st .patricks day kansas city
you have to wonder what goes through some people's minds .
these people must have a mental deficiency to fuck with people's lives so bad
happy st . patrick's day ! we are hoping for some lucky strikes today ! what about you ?
boycotts at us st patrick's parades
our simple message to leaders from jordan to germany ,uk to us : make . join us
what has and done to canada that it has come to this ?
your continued support is needed to serve vulnerable communities affected by both quakes in :
wish more people were concerned about the destruction in nepal and less about tom brady and footballs .
has ct , de , dc , il , md , ma , me (at least 3 /4), ri for . takes ok .
cnn : obama wins ct de dc il md ma me (3 of 4 ) ri
hey i got activated for sandy . i don't know when i leave yet .
andrea hotter : hurricane sandy shows why electronic trading bugs should beware : severe natural events like hurri
i did it . i also said that none of the paris bombers were refugees ahhhhhh
climate change and the brutal hierarchy of lives in post-attack
funny how everyone celebrates st . patrick's day . i thought only catholics believe in saints .
saint patrick's day was made an official christian feast day in the early seventeenth century and is observed by the catholic church ,
soulmate , i am having a ball curating my hurricane sandy movie lineup . i am crazy pumped .
where do they come up w . these hurricane names ?
you arent bothered about failure but raw's monkey ? smh .
a tucson rabbi on how we respond to tragedies like in istanbul , ankara , brussels and lahore :
honor the 2012 world champion by making a donation to hurricane sandy relief at
i'll get her wetter then sandy
happy st patrick's day to all both at home across the world !
st . patricks day is today , but nobody cares
all out hurricane sandy coverage on 7 newswe're on right now . good morning !!
a lot of hurricane-themed analysis this morning . general agreement the dollar and risk-off assets will benefit . dollar up .
if i could vote i would vote for obama all the way .
if romney is elected are carpooling and moving to canada . eh ?
drone footage shows nepal earthquake devastation
hey missus , great to hear you've made it to nepal . i hear the airport congestion is crazy . will be following your updates !
i'm not even american but i'm still so happy that barack obama won !
obama gone be here w / me until 2016
damn bruh ..ebola virus ?..dude were u dat pissed .lmaoo..jst scrolled down ur timeline and i saw it
ebola virus in hk ? seriously ? ottokae ??
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/559hjrwdi0
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wmhzu3dolv
seriously though where is this hurricane help me out
hurricane sandy : eight tips on how to cope with frankenstorm :
i'm a longtime listener doing relief work in nepal . just 20 miles from epicenter on tues - sent y'all a msg via fb !
longtime listener doing relief work in nepal . just 20 miles from epicenter on tues - sent y'all a msg via fb !
go ahead vote for obama because of welfare and food stamps , you lazy bums . yes , some people need help and i respect that but most are too
just write my name in on the ballet . i'm polling higher than mitt and barack combines right now
out partying on st . patrick's day .
happy st .patricks day from the homies
haha , i like hurricane run .
yess this is all im saying ! i had to stop myself from talking about sandy too cuz she wasnt a
enlighten all of your followers as to what you did back at the nest during the hurricane
well deserved ! gret coverage on this was the first time i actually cared about traffic conditions lol
happy st . patrick's day ! stop by our new blog to see the details from our little party !
up and around . happy st . patrick's day !
tonight my show is at kiss fly 404 colorado austin , tx i perform at 9 :25 if you at come fwm !
just arrived in austin for sxsw . who's here ?
hope all my irish followers are having a very happy st patricks day
modeling at work . happy st . patricks day !
we hope all of our loyal customers on the east coast stay safe in preparation for hurricane sandy . when stocking
bodegas never close , bless them . who wants to chip in with me to buy some roses for ?
wayne rooney , i request , nay , i demand you to get on the pitch now !
why's terry gotta push him to win a header ! no hope for terry
i do think i would enjoy that one a lot more than st patrick's
full moon *and* st . patrick's day ..? yikes lol
if there's a hurricane you can find me in a ball crying .
how come no one told me about the hurricane ??
when people try to pinch me on st . patrick's day
never iron a four-leaf clover . you don't want to press your luck ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day !!! and have a fabulous morning as well !!! :)
st patrick the patron saint of piss heads !
night everyone . wish spain all luck for
what a difference 2 years has made since world cup for torres . just looks completely out of sorts .
even the empire has chosen which side it's on .
deed is done . box chosen and crossed . now we wait . admittedly , i'm feeling quite nervous . hope we're all friends again by saturday .
(ap) - belgian lawyer says brother of suicide attacker in paris has been released .
brussels (ap) - belgian lawyer says brother of suicide attacker in paris has been released .
my mom's car got fucked up by sandy . lol !!!!!!!! lol it's funny because i don't drive !
could sandy be to climate change as lance is to doping in cycling ?
latakoo takes flight at - wsj marketwatch :
no talking today , my vocal chords had as much fun as i did at sxsw . phew . now back to the writing cave :) shhhhh
and in one night ? happy st . patrick's day to me !
it's st . patrick's day . you get a pass .
happy st patrick's day to you tooooooook now follow me
happy st . patrick's day from carroll college !
news nepal quake death toll tops 4,000 as villages plead for aid from
social media : nepal quake death toll tops 4,000 as villages plead for aid
4,352 signatures needed in the next 29 hrs to secure support for asylum applicants !
i did on a whole new level , supporting refugees
update : yes , we suspect ebola in lagos | government officials confirm rt
update : yes , we suspect ebola in lagos | government officials confirm : by hauwa gambo lagos g
isn't it just great when the evil doers are punished with no delay !! well done , .
both gunmen killed and hostage ok grocery store in paris
my thoughts go out to ppl affected by .
told i'd be home at 9 est tonight but haven't heard back . also sandy messed up our sched time yesterday i guess
does anyone know wat evening utv or bbc will be showing a couple of hours on st patricks day celebrations ??
i just joins out that it's st . patricks day so st . patricks day !
greatest race i've seen in a long time . and ireland and is immense !
c'mon ireland ! we can do this !
goal keeper did well in all fairness .
if torres starts every game that spain have in this competition , he will be top scorer i can feel it
opening ceremony always looks like an even greater fail than the eurovision song contest .
poland win 36 %, greece win 42 %, draw 22 %.
st . patricks day bulls vs okc . with the .
happy st . patrick's day ! this is not photoshopped .
we are watching the !! so excited for the commercials !!
yawn . call me when goes 3 -d
lazy monday and happy st .patrick's day
wishing all our clients and friends a very happy st patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day ! in our house , this day is huge . seriously . leprechaun visits and creates havoc , leaves
happy st .patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish be with you as you explore the beauty of the columbia gorge
no hes not ?? i checked it said obama was
lost 2 followers . must've been obama supporters .
election day in chicago with the america's beer . .
i'm out at various election sites today . fwm
first touch of the tournament first goal of the tournament in 5 mins .
well let's go back to june the 8 th :d which one of you guys remember my prediction :d did i not tell u spain will win the euros :d
well it's st patrick's day so why not , rip gina .
are you celebrating st . patrick's day ? have a great one !
frankenstorm : the worst is over . now , let's lick our wounds and count the cost of climate , and inaction .
let's go sandy cancel school for tomorrow
happy st patricks day from your irish fans .
how the irish became american happy st . patrick's day !~
happy st . patrick's day greens
hmmso thats what st .patricks day tastes like .
jet co-pilot lubitz hid health condition that would have banned flying , say prosecutors
germanwings pilot hid health condition that would have banned flying
i realized romney is the one who'll recognize my marriage , fight for trans rights , give healthcare to all , fight global warming
honestly , unless you're really rich and greedy .. there's no reason to vote for romney haha
why are people marking themselves safe from earthquakes when they're no where near nepal
when did marking yourself safe during the nepal quake become a thing . because it shouldn't be a thing .
st . patricks day - a day were everyone is a alcoholic .
happy st patrick stewart's day !! :-d
national guard prepares for hurricane sandy ; 'perfect (via
hahahaha is there really a hurricane sandy twitter account ?
romney u had no chance in hell i can't see u bein president u don't have the materials bein president anyway go back to where u belong lol
if they need it it wouldn't effect them . romney wanted to make it harder to get it . and if they really needed it they'd get it
obama on long lines at polls : 'we have to fix that ': president barack obama set a new goal for hi
obama on long lines at polls : 'we have to fix that ': president barack obama set a new goal for himself
jam audio is giving away an awesome wireless jam speaker every day through st . patrick's day !
rt : happy saint patrick's day : saint patrick's day is both cultural and religious
if st patricks day was on a friday i might care
st . patrick's day . get your irish on .
we d americans in diaspora av commenced voting hereso far barack obama is leading with wide margin in abeokuta
joel was wrong there it was pakistan the only country who would vote for romney
terrible news of earthquake hitting nepal and india . stay strong people !
bbc world news : follow the nepal earthquake .
obama gon have me late as hell for work
after a year staying out of the fray , the mormon church congratulates barack obama by
happy st . patrick's day !!! going green ?
happy st . patrick's day ! where will you explore today ?
your thoughts today ? hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google's event , rumored to revolve
and a lot of wind . hurricane sandy is in the bahamas haha
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nxlr5nfl4r
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yolxbbsqo8
nyc miniland is getting ready for the st . patrick's day parade ! happy st . patrick's day !!
nothing better than st patricks day
news alert : obama cancels campaign events as hurricane sandy looms
news obama cancels campaign events as hurricane sandy looms
hostage taken after car chase , shots fired as police corner charlie hebdo gunmen
suspects vs police : dammartin-en-goele 'like warzone '
you goofy motherfuckers . we should not leave our homes in the event of hurricane ! i don't want a cow o sum shit flyin into me !!
nooo school tomorrow !!! we are only the last school to get the memo that there is a hurricane coming !
pay $5 for a beer on me - happy st . patrick's day ! hope you are via
free drinks and media meals pl .
how will hurricane sandy affect the internet ? [video]: hurricane sandy might take out power for the [mashable]
lucky . i wish we had a hurricane in illinois .
who ebola meeting ends , inter-country strategy developed
russiannews : ebola epidemic in africa 'likely to last months '- un : the united nations health agency said on th
for those of you not in austin for , i feel sorry for you .
well , it's that time of year again that i experience the disconnect of being on an island while the rest of the world goes to austin .
where do i vote barack obama remember remember the 5 th of november walking dead gary johnson v for vend
where do i vote barack obama remember remember the 5 th of november walking dead gary johnson v for vendetta lakers am i
gold fails to benefit from paris tensions : broad commodities , from copper to aluminium ,
gold fails to benefit from paris tensions : broad commodities , from copper to aluminium , have plumb
they're kicking media out . telling them to go back to the command post .
they're making media to command post . waaay away from the protest area . will not be able to see what's going on there .
what would the world think of sydney right now ??
# sydney -
. my heart n soul is with all those in .. be safe , smart and truthful . keep fightin the good fight .
apologies i would have tweeted this sooner but it just occurred to me when i saw people having milk poured on them for the mace .
happy st patricks day to all my followers and friends :) xxx
happy st . patrick's day edele
911 emergency response required for 12 akita's and owners . please share and if you know how to contact
i just hope the worst of its now over for the east coast , they can start getting back to normal . thoughts go out to those affected
would it be possible mother nature , to move the ebola out break to say , idaho ? save the wolves from cunts !
c'mon , world ! stop ebola before it gets really , really nasty !
happy st . patrick's day ! make today your lucky day !
happy st . patrick's day ! have fun out there !
st . patricks day early dinner omg
we look good in green too happy st . patrick's day !
you must not have heard , romney wants to change that too .some people are nuts , mix politics in and it's crazier .
they have so many obama signs up at the school for the blind . someone is pickin on these kids and they don't even know .
prayers going out for all those in hurricane sandy's path .
fuck it son theres more fish in the sea . hurricane sandy is bringing the water on land so the fish will be closer lmao
yet again it seems st patrick is the patron saint for urinating in doorways .
you missed st . patricks day in there :p
thank you for the vip pass to the beale st party ! nawlins funk and open bar / menu . i love .
wish had made it to , first round for him would be on me . or at least my as much as my budget can handle !
customers , emergency officials lose phone service in montville
hey there delilah what's it like in new york city ? there's a hurricane a 1000 miles away and fuck me its not so pretty , lol
tune in to romney's victory speech at 11 lmao . oww my bad he lost didn't he .
a little late to the party but : yeah obama ! (and legalizing marijuana !)
4 -0 to the no campaign amazing hope it continues
in my view david can lock up re-election in the morning if he gives the right speech and speaks to middle england .
someone tell me what's happened in sydney
the red flags were there : gunman holding 15 hostage in sydney cafe is a self-styled iranian shek via
city council woman - 1 of 4 cops that allegedly beat a wrongly accused black man during integration ? u gotta vote
goin on now , show support ! //t.co/oall67ldo0
alright sandy we've had enough of you !
ohh lol .me here thinking u in the states or sum ..i got hurricane sandy on the brain lol
gillhp : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week
giffgoe : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week
i added a video to a playlist ootd ( st .patricks day )
happy birthday to your mother ! and happy san patrick day
luck as shit hurricane sandy did't effect me at all
hurricane sandy pumpkins . i knew these had to exist .
pirlo will take another penalty kick like panenka , to meet neuer's scorpion kick
i'm going with a 1 -0 win to italy
did no one on the romney campaign realize flat out lying to the voters was not a good idea ? i guess they'd gotten away with so much
just asked who mitt romney was
just remember , in spite of what we've seen today in paris , marco rubio wants to open our borders . yes , it needs to be said .
just gotta take a deep breath after reading about what's going on in paris
happy st patrick's day everyone . and a gorgeous day for it too !
happy st . patrick's day farm , dunmoylan
can't we all just get along ? not unless you vote obama
why the world would vote for obama via
source : spike in isis-related chatter targeting canada leading up to shooting
source : spike in isis-related chatter targeting canada leading up to shooting : a counterter
2 nd half . italy leading croatia 1 -0.
second half is underway . italy winning 1 -0 over croatia .
citizens of erupt at press conference as 'democrat' gov nixon declares state of emergency curfew .
, mo . (ap) - missouri gov . nixon declares state of emergency , curfew in st . louis suburb where teen killed .
. no power no cell so we moved uptown for a few days where things seem rainy but business as usual
from the atlantic , 40 post-landfall photos of hurricane sandy . scary stuff .
no doubt about it that donald trump won't be voting for obama lol . that douche bag is the biggest obama hater out there
good morning america ! remember to vote today !for obama of course :)
reason is so appealing to msm iit's one of the few crisis going on that can't be laid at the feet of this administration
after we get through the issue , the future of america looks bright .
[ ] rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infec [ ]
rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . itn's
now the germans know how it feels to do a gazzer !
i actually feel bad for ronaldo . he's the only man on his team that has the vision and skill to do anything
sandy fuckn up every thing
hope everyone is fairing well from super storm sandy , grateful to still have power . easier to make coffee from
health news : facility sets up extreme precautions to treat ebola patients : ebola virus in sierra leone is kill
facility sets up extreme precautions to treat ebola patients : ebola virus in sierra leone is kill
i hope y'all are having a good st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from glendalough
why you no have shamrock shake on st patricks day ?
it's st . patricks day and i don't have to get up early . and i'm home not having a beer .
french security storm supermarket reports at least four hostages killed .
nooooo ! reporting 4 hostages killed . rip
hurricane sandy could disrupt national polling a week before the election : with hurricane sandy potentially set to hit wide swaths of
hurricane sandy could disrupt national polling a week before the election
happy st . patrick day !. i really miss ireland .
happy st patrick's day to whoever celebrates ! go green hehehe :)
happy st patrick's day from is irish today !
my thoughts on st . patricks day
help cleaning up , donate blood , clothes or time - various volunteer opps for new yorkers :
just because the hurricane has a human name doesn't mean its your friend or a real person
ff mariah carey cancels concert in brussels over security :
cnn latest mariah carey cancels concert in brussels over security :
this is just awful , at what is going on in paris .
how to know if your facebook friends in paris are safe - time : quartzhow to know if your facebook studio 86 .cn
defiant campaigner during the earlier standoff
this is what the no campaign sided with-the orange order are in glasgow's george square burning the scottish flag
happy st . patrick's day from mount juliet estate .
wishing my irish followers a happy st patrick's day !
pray for paris . this is not islam what so ever .
it does more to look at the mindset of the shooters than at what published . what makes an extremist extreme ?
oh hey happy st . patrick's day everyone !
anyone wanna hang out tomorrow and pretend st . patrick's day isn't a thing ?
the temperature was about 60 todayas we approach st .patricks day why not have some irish corned beef tacos and
enjoyed the annual st . patricks day parade at gateway mall this morning
hurricane sandy outbreak in my tweet feed , yes .
cracking up at hurricane sandy tweets
sandy waited till the fourth quarter to fuck my shit up smh .
all my thoughts goes to the east coast .
i would like to express my condolences to the inhabitants of brussels . and not only them , but also all europeans .
we're currently locked down in the european parliament - due to the attacks . zero phone signal , but situation calm .
please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!!: the lagos state
please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!!: the lagos state government worr
the commercials are definitely the best part ! and , yum , fried , sugary , and totally amazing food !
seriously considering the tonight . i'm an odd sports fan ; like nfl , ice hockey , cycling and f1 yet i hate football
i expect drunken tweets today (after rehearsals obvs ) happy st patricks day irish
happy st .patricks day what a day to be irish
rvsp here ( for the special meeting 7 pm this wednesday in logan square on , and
third autopsy by fed forensic scientist dr henry lee says shooting from behind is nonsense as six wounds clearly in front .
congratulations to the disney - star wars news for eclipsing news of hurricane sandy
look at these taxis under the water because of sandy !!!
happy st . patrick's day !!! embrace your irish bloodline !!
good morning and a happy st . patrick's day to you . xx
apparently madonna was awful , and now i'm back to watching my boys ! its time to stop the pats now , eli !
so i'm not really into the but i watched the show and madonna .. so confused but i enjoyed seeing nicki minaj & lmfao
france is playing better than i expected !
time for some treasures during the second half bring on andy , young is playing like poo !!!
[ ] typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely : typ
dicas para typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly
one of the most powerful things you may ever see . ever !
y'all are very late . read this this morning .
the governor has issued a state of emergency in preparation for hurricane sandy .
hurricane sandyoverratedor run like hell ?
nyaho clinic suspected ebola virus patient dies via
doctors look to use in ebola battle
i am deeply saddened by the cruelty against mankindmy heart goes out to all the plp who lost their lives in the attack
thats not paris atm . people are allerted to stay inside .
i cant watch anymore , its too sad !!
italy should have wrapped this up already , great chances on the break
so it's definitely not st patricks day ..#whyarepeoplelyingtome
st . patrick's day is celebrated in ireland on 17 march , in honour of st patrick , the patron saint of ireland .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ilvkowgdf6
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/k95qwwzv63
lol he said hurricane katrina
hurricane katrina ? did he mean sandy ?
congrats for making the list ! -- ten super snacks for super bowl xlvi via /
and the bulldog has more talent then her !
happy st . party's day !!! that's an auto-correct but i'm gonna leave it .
nothin like st patricks day in compton .
photos : sxsw sending waves across austin | sf station :
asap rocky + asap mob jumps the crowd after stuff get thrown 2012 : asap rocky + asap mob jump the crowd a
happy st .patricks day to meee irish family !
thanks lisa for the rt . happy st . patrick's day !
feel so sad for the people in boston :'(
2 day you're blaming zayn 4 boston tommorow you'll blame him for a baby not drinking milk .grow up kids .!
we have never ever in history seen such a good and great collective movement as it gives me hope for humankind
this is not a crisis ,it's a huge social ,economic political
american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola : american doctor working with ebola patie
(#houston_0998) american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola : american doctor working wi (#houston_0998)
st . patrick's day parade starts at 10 a .m.
beautiful view today st . patricks day parade
obama has '99 problems but mitt ain't one ,' jay-z raps at ohio rally : jigga joined bruce springsteen in support of president
obama has '99 problems but mitt ain't one ,' jay-z raps at ohio rally : jigga joined bruce springsteen in
i actually forgot it was st . patricks day
happy st patricks day :d :) rt please
my thoughts are with all of my friends and colleagues in today
i can't believe this happened . only 25 km from where i live
wondering if harry redknapp is trying to snap up seedorf for spurs next season ?
the dutch play in orange cos they all work on the railways
is that a reporter who got sprayed with tear gas ?
locals in hella helpful and friendly even in the worst circumstances . giving water , food , shelter , helping tear-gas victims .
hi peter , thought you'd like a bit of dave allen on st . patrick's day brilliant comedian ,indeed. :-)
happy st . patrick's day ! we all have our green on at team cavaliere . i'm looking forward to pacho's and green
world worries as u .s fiscal cliff looms : as supporters of u .s. president barack obama celeb
world worries as u .s fiscal cliff looms : as supporters of u .s. president barack obama celebrate his victory , bus
school tomorrow , ugh , hurricane sandy please come hit doncaster and hall cross , so i don't have school tomorrow
if your mom make you go to the store during this hurricane , she really don't love you bruh
our thoughts this evening our with paris .
live coverage on now from awaiting presidential statement on attacks in paris .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zd9yvqkaqm
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ftmcqzk6uc
read why the middle class 'left' don't defend democracy against the eu
wrong . huge numbers of eu migrants have no respect for the uk (only our benefits system ) and litter the place atrociously .
happy saint patricks day ! everyone be safe out there
i forgot happy st patrick's day
loving how it's st . patrick's day and our omun county is ireland .
here's an st . patrick's day spring training jersey from 1982 .
i can't wait to see who gonna win !
of course the one day i really don't want them to split sets , every single one of em , minus wu , has to .
was the germanwings crash criminal obedience or mental illness ? this was mass murder on a large scale , so engineers will sweat solutions .
what we know about co-pilot who crashed plane via
co-pilot was 'very happy ' with germanwings job : flight club members says co-pilot from cra
co-pilot was 'very happy ' with germanwings job : flight club members says co-pilot from controla
wv runner discusses events at boston marathon -
terror in boston : a perfect marathon day , then the unimaginable | boston marathon explosion | fox nation
second deadly quake hits nepal near everest (via
new post : deadly quake hits nepal , less than 3 weeks after last
we dye it green every year for st . patrick's day obviously .
green river for st patricks day !!!
happy st patricks day ! today we are covering ourselves in green jewels
happy st . patrick's day !! the parade begins at noon today
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zbpf42h6fb
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kcurvjju5q
mr . avery can blow away in hurricane sandy but he won't cause he's too fat .
hurricane sandy live stream online watch storm weather live coverage updates
says . meet 2.30 pm at the scottish parliament on saturday 12 september as part of the national day of action .
says . meet 1 pm at piccadilly gardens on saturday 12 september as part of the national day of action
paris had all its security at the climate conference to protect world leaders , leaving its citizens to be killed by isis
geez .. please make sure you take care . i am ok . lots of news going on , my best friend affected by bataclan . heartbreaking .
obama tells a crowd of 20,000 in aurora that his work isn't done
obama tells a crowd of 20,000 in aurora that his work isn't done : in his final campaign stop in colorado , president
the facts about the worst ebola outbreak in history
anyone else see ebola has no gotten on an airplane ?
liam neeson | happy st patrick's day ! | visit
happy st patricks day to you socalval
this is brilliant and important from on syria , paris and assad . please read it .
no one is belittling the situation in paris by shedding light on the lack of support and awareness on kenya . it
good morning and happy st . patrick's day enjoy the day !
happy st . patrick's day from the bathroom heaven team !
we have an excellent example of how peaceful religion is unfolding in a sydney cafe atm . ppl being held hostage by religious nutters .
wtf is going on in sydney right now ?!
how many baby girls named born 40 ish weeks from now ?
nobody is going to be named sandy for a while
the good news is that we in no way live in a battleground state ; bad news is right next to one .
spent the day in reno knocking on doors making calls for - it's closer than the polls are letting on .
im not tripping over this little ass hurricane .
oh great im gonna die ! i am so not prepared for this hurricane
omgggg , denmark vs . portugal , yes . come on you danes !! 3
come on portugal ! have 100 % faith in you right now !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ale92okjjw
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/btchazphpu
ft : denmark 2 -3 portugal was a great game ! now if holland beats germany (hopefully), the group will be balanced
we did it !!! yes portugal ! close one though .
st patrick's day is all about the alcohol - however , your final year at uni likes to have a different view !
top of the morning to all our twitter followers ! happy st . patrick's day !#ldnont dogs
thinking of everyone who has been affected by hurricane sandy ,
our thoughts and prayers are with all affected by hurricane . just dreadful .
somebody just really compared obama michelle to jay-z and b .. im gone to sleep
obama just rubbed michelle's ass with style !!!!!!!!!!!!!
moving , insightful piece by tom junod about obama's speech last night .
what obama's second term means for the world [bbc]
happy st . patrick's day from your hilton garden inn - friends !
happy st . patricks day ! don't forget to wear green so you won't get pinched !
paris mourns the dead after terror attacks
german police : arrest muslim man linked to paris terror attacks , caught with insane amount of weapons via
noise notes : before unrest , voted against de-militarizing local police
seattle da was the first to buy weed there . should he have gotten shot or does weed magically affect white ppl differently ?
who wants to going out team !? all monies go to the fund !
texas tech students raising funds for relief in nepal | april | 2015 | texas tech today | ttu
gooners have been playing awesome till now !
anything the russians can doour lot will do ..
we are talking about the ebola victim o !
if its not hiv , its cancer now its ebola , u can't suffer in naija n still die of one funny flu /virus#heavengovex
happy st . patrick's day from my favorite ginger !
happy st . patrick's day from massage envy spa !
u .s. citizen tested for ebola in ghana
i think we should seriously take this ranging ebola 'serious'
what is most reassuring about the horrific , atrocious boston bombing videos : watching people run towards the explosion t
you should make a video of the boston marathon
morning everyone , happy st patricks day . i won't have to much i promise ;)
happy st . patricks day ! guinness is good for you .
dig a powerful remake /cover tune relevant to and deeper noco stl issues . these guys did great work here .
have you or looked into the case ? white woman killed by police -- police cover up like --worse
st patricks day ! another excuse to get banged up
wooo st patricks day ! from
ha ha .. flight was hijacked just because of his ex-girl friend .
hijacking of egyptair flight doesn't appear to be terror related : copyright 2016 npr . to see more , visit npr .
happy st patricks day too niall ! whats ur plan for today ?
happy st . patricks day from aj o'pally
apple responds to nepal earthquake with itunes fundraising [contribute $100 to not receive u2 's next release ]
pls rt .call 5260607 for food water . if anyone need immediate they will bring anywhere in kathmandu . rt
you have to stand up for what is right , help the people of palestine .
please take a stand for justice , for humanity n help stop the slaughter of innocent men , women n kids !
un official : over 120 leaders to attend paris climate summit : un climate official says ove
un official : over 120 leaders to attend paris climate summit : un climate official says controla
if obama win , that will be the best birthday present !
if you don't support obama , chances are i really fucking hate you .
happy st . patrick's day ! i am one lucky girl .
happy st . patrick's day you and family
radar : charging up : networking resources and recovery after hurricane sandy
charging up : networking resources and recovery after hurricane sandy : even though the direct danger from hurrica
due to hurricane sandy , there are changes to our church schedule :
idk why but hurricane sandys tweets make me laugh aha
if balotelli scores 1 st or last during spain vs italy , we will refund losing 1 st goalscorer bets ! tc apply : http
balotelli /1-1 pays 33 /1. italy are 9 /1 to win on penalties . full markets here :
boston blasts prompt review of london marathon security : british police say they are reviewing secu
for those trying to locate people in boston , as well as for families of victims , the info hotline is 617 -635-4500.
happy st . patrick's day from the o'devlin's and dc gift world !.
white people get so happy about st . patrick's day bruh .
getty photographer arrested by police via
thank you ! the success of the campaign is praiseworthy , not at the cost of et al
since it is st . patrick's day , it only makes sense that my be right ?!?!
channel 5 's making me paranoid wow happy st . patrick's day everyone
thoughts for those in paris . utterly shocking - again .
i was in paris this year , and it was beautiful and amazing , what is happening right now is sickening
dtn hollywood : sxsw diary , day two : anonymous music critic (even we don't know who
this just in sxsw diary , day two : anonymous music critic (even we
really glad we all waited all this time to find out 1 % of the entire vote
i've no vested interest in the outcome of the , but will love hearing quirky scottish place names as local results are announced
dhs secretary napolitano uses hurricane sandy to hype cyber threat : no natural disaster in the last several year
dhs secretary napolitano uses hurricane sandy to hype cyber threat : no natural disaster in the last
that's great ! sandy pounds bahamas after killing 21 in caribbean [a link in my bio ]
try this one : sandy pounds bahamas after killing 21 in caribbean [a link in my bio ]
live updates on hurricane sandy : a tractor trailer accident has been reported at mountain road and victory lane
hurricane sandy closes wall street : the new york stock exchange closes for the first time i
chicago super spartan / hurricane heat
did the livereload chrome plugin stop working for anyone else recently ? i blame .
i think the presidential election will be a tye
cnn poll : 96 % of republicans have voted for a republican .. who'd have thought it ? .#election2012
the problem isn't if the germanwings pilot had a mental illness , it's why he hid it : the investigation i
the problem isn't if the germanwings pilot had a mental illness , it's why he hid it
tomorrow is a big day do you got his back ?
obama had my vote in 08 and he got my vote for 2012
ebola thing is serious . be very careful .
ebola = bola ,bolade,bolaji,bolawatife,bolanle,bolami,bolawayo,bo.. ebola is frantically a disease from a yoru ..never mind .
ebola scare hits anambra , 30 hospital workers quarantined
ebola expands , now ebola triggers cdc travel warning
remember obama is not perfect , an he is going to make mistakes . but we have to have his back an pray for a better nation .
obama will do better this term i can feel it
my grandaughter ,s hair for st patrick's day .
happy st patricks day i am proud to be a descendant to william murphy or guillermo de morfi y calana a native of
i love this song so much !! it's the irish in me ;) happy st . patrick's day !!!
happy st patricks day to everyone celebrating doing whatever it is you're sposed to do that day , i dunno drinking guinness or god knows .
high alert issued at all airports in india following explosions at airport and metro stations . via ani_news
just in | high alert issued at all airports in india following explosions at airport and metro stations
what happens next if romney wins ? as a citizen how wld this affect you your green advocacies ?
if romney win i might just cry everyday . we really gunna be fucked .
yare ottawa gunman stayed in homeless shelter before attacks , fellow residents say - new york times : new yare
followme - ottawa gunman stayed in homeless shelter before attacks , fellow resi followme -
hurricane sandy come at me sis .
yo fuck sandy and am bored ass fuck my dreadz need to be done i wanna get high
the size of hurricane patricia is almost double the size of hurrican katrinagod bless .
floods and landslides as hurricane patricia hits
anti-religion newspaper has always provoked : charlie hebdo caused so much outrage i
anti-religion newspaper has always provoked : charlie hebdo caused so much outrage in 1970 that it was banned -
nyc and startups step up for sandy refugees
nyc co-working spaces and startups step up for sandy
not quite a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow but good enough on st patrick's day .
happy st patricks day donna x
in light of hurricane sandy today , romney must be eating his words :
updated :hurricane sandy : latest track and what to expect
happy st patricks day hope you get really drunk xxxxxx
get lucky in the library today ! -happy st . patrick's day from mcgill
sandy hurricane damage may hit $50 million | world 4 news via
so sad to see all these pics . so sad lost their gazebo ! how is devastating
i don't want to live in a world like this .
some people just need to be kicked off the planet .
my heart goes out to boston and my prayers and thoughts are with the victims , their friends and families .
our thoughts go out to all those affected by the tragedy at the boston marathon .
im drunk ..happy st . patrick's day !
i think it's safe to say this has been the quietest st patrick's day i have ever worked .
how are you anna ?? haven't seen you since sandy .
if you think obama handled sandy by touring north jerseyyou must also think he solved the economy by staring at the unemployed .
happy st .patricks day from irish fans :)
green beer and new england boiled dinner ~ all day !
if balotelli scores 1 st or last during spain vs italy , we will refund losing 1 st goalscorer bets ! tc apply : http
balotelli /1-1 pays 33 /1. italy are 9 /1 to win on penalties . full markets here :
galbraith : d4 , d800 part of nikon video workshop at sxsw
d4 , d800 part of nikon video workshop at sxsw : next week , nikon will be staging a digital sl
germany are the best team in the that's a fact
germany vs italy . who's it gonna be ?
sydney police confirming two hostages and gunman dead . sigh
breaking : police confirm three people have died
so unjust . thoughts and love to paris .
when will people learn the irony of when religion is the culprit ? paris doesn't need your prayers . prayers don't stop bullets
: heartbreaking stories emerge as germanwings plane crash victims identified : a day af via
heartbreaking stories emerge as germanwings crash victims identified
just in this afternoon found out that today in your country is st .patricks day .:) now best wishes in this day from me too !!:)
happy st patricks day ..good day you can wrap .. when you come to argentina
if it were legal for me to vote i would vote obama against romney for so many reasons
thinkin bout pullin up to vote wit romney flags jus to confuse all the old white ppl
did a shoot with my shirt yesterday .
the (#notmyislam) hashtag rejects the idea that the attacks reflect a whole religion
can't blame you . thought this boston thing would keep me up , but the atlantic post by bruce schneier eased my mind a bit
we are keeping you in our prayers boston !
very few forecast models bring direct hit to mid-coast .
good luck to everyone up north , over prepare , be smart and stay safe . oh and don't let the hype make you crazy .
evacuations , shutdowns on us east coast before hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy could make landfall as the large
ppl are never chillin lmao this hurricane sandy page .. lmao
happy st . patrick's day !!! march certainly has come in like a lion , hopefully it will go out like a lamb .
happy st . patrick's day ! what are you pouring today to celebrate ?
happy st . patricks day ! a great way to spend it
happy st . patrick's day ! and it's not even raining
( ! ! ) germanwings co-pilot had been treated for 'suicidal tendencies ,' offi - $ $ -
co-pilot had been treated for 'suicidal tendencies ,' officials say
patricia's winds can blow away planes , cars : people in western mexico in the path of hurricane patricia are in
patricia's winds can blow away planes , cars : people in western mexico in the path of hurricane patric
the french national police ask for your help :
french church in soho opens book of remembrance for paris victims
at least two people seriously injured in shoot-out before hostages taken - report
paris shooting hostage crisis dammartin en goele , dammartin-en-goele , 09 january 2015 :
uh feel obliged to wish everyone happy st . patrick's day . and no , it's not an excuse to get pissed . ya don't need an excuse for that shit !!!
happy ! who's got their green on today ??
happy st patrick's day ! monday's mornings with andy playing tenerife's best music on 102.5 /104.5 or on-line at
happy st patrick's day from everybody at ocd ireland !
find more stuff on and have a happy st patrick's day . now guiness anyone ?
happy st patricks day to anyone that cares .
st . patricks day ! missing london !
st . patricks day is the lamest 'holiday' though .
more explosions in ? please tell me that it's not true .
donald trump is not the existential threat . that's pc bs ! the hitler of today is radical islam
nothing pisses me off more than americans on st patricks day i'm sorry
because today isn't st . patricks day .
is creepy cause on the window , the wind is knocking on it o .o
sandy better nott go into wednesday because she already took mistery night !
'jersey shore ' cast reacts to sandy's devastation at seaside heights
me tooooooo !! i'm back at work today .. sandy really sucked . and not in a good way .
. they're an integral part of romney's mormon faith , google them !
finally , is listing president obama's accomplishments in his first two years . why wait till night before the
taylor momsen's studio and equipment wrecked in hurricane : singer /actress ta
taylor momsen's studio and equipment wrecked in hurricane : singer /actress taylor momsen and
now i remember why i never liked the mainland
riot police outside the govt building as 1000 s of people protest against beijing's conservative framework
may you live to be 100 . with one year to repent ! happy st . patricks day weekend !
congratulations to ireland for that six nations trophy win , a perfect gift for st . patrick's day !
never hated something this badly like i do now - the word 'earthquake' .. please leave nepal now
doubt the real heroes n star still rescue and helping at nepal hatss off to u the brave soldiers
yes . ny /nj was especially hard hit , i think .
nstar says they will be working throughout the night . getting power back is their main priority .
i feel sorry for brussels attack please do not associate it with cuz isis are not real face of islam we muslims condom it
talk of coordinated attacks in with fatalities . we are witnessing the end of free travel through europe , as we know it .
were any of our customers affected by sandy ?
and to the rescue ! internet and a bathroom for a few precious hours
happy st . patrick's day -- from the edison .
good night ! hope you had a great st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day as well ! thank you ! :)
4 :00 o'clock an i haven't started drinking yet !?!? thought my saint patricks day would have been a little different !
hey hurricane sandy i didn't say knock out davison schools i meant kearsley schools
reporting fewer than 50 customers in area without power , mostly between staunton and fishersville . more toward crozet .
happy st . patrick's day - save some green on all laminate and carpet this week ! call us today ! 618.779 .4638
why do we have school today ?! st .patricks day is just as important as christmas
my niece : is it strange that i find myself googling back up generators just for my electronic devices ? loll
hurricane sandy made my work week a 4 day one
a romney supporter this morning says he pays 2500 yr into tax but gets $10k back because he has 6 kids . he wants a better job not handouts !
more reasons to vote for romney - ryan on november 6 th ! save america !: via
happy st patrick's day !.. business as usual for corinne ..
happy st . patrick's day to all of our magnificent patients !
remember a vote for is a vote for a man who believes came from planet square that one with your beliefs
why would someone vote for romney when they could vote for obama though
yare will paris attacks prompt us boots on the ground in syria ? - christian science monitor : christian sc yare
test will paris attacks prompt us boots on the ground in syria ? - christian science monitor : christian sc test
show me it's real . hijack a plane for me .
selfies are all awful . unless it's with the guy that just hijacked your airplane
first time journalists in france openly targeted
only just heard about the attack in paris . disgusting .
hope the england france game is good . decent lineup for england . just a pity terry is playing
i don't support england but i hate france
trying to get that last minute hurricane nani ??
whys everyone shitting a brick about this hurricane ?
cedar street rocks ! amazing band
hey coming up soon at easy tiger patio . it'll be a hootenanny ! oh yeah !
ok beautiful new yorkers , time for a little stress relief . we survived sandy . we'll get through the cleanup , and
our plans for the evening : we plan to give endless thanks for the fact that we made it through hurricane sandy
marvel announces augmented reality app , exclusive digital comics at sxsw : not content with si
modus anomali and the raid in sxsw . contrast responses .
: thai gov condemns terrorist attacks in brussels : the thai foreign ministry has issued a statem
[the nation ] thai gov condemns terrorist attacks in brussels
well it's saint patrick's day and i'm not wearing any green . oh well at least my nails are festive . lol
thierry mugler wishes you a happy saint patrick's day !
st patrick's day boozy desserts - the star online
rose in st . patrick's bud vase .
i think big bird is the real winner here tonight
i've officially decided i'm going to school in canada now . made the decision for me . lmao .
cannt waiit to votee for my first timee !
this asshole couldn't even be bothered to pay taxes like everybody else from 96 -09. that says all you need to know .
balotelli must feel like an idiot right now . di natale came on for him and immediately shows him how it's done .
nice r1 + o from di natale .
the boston explosions were so difficult to watch . our country is becoming less safe each day .
what what happened in boston today ?
no resolution for tonight , as with previous nights . the world is still watching , though . goodnight for now .
not exactly the home of the free and the brave tonight in .
getting ready for sandy ! guna be an interesting 2 days ! taking a chance and guna try to get to work in the am !
man people in new jersey are freaking out literally over this hurricane sandy .all schools are cancelled and state jobs too .
instead of 'squirrel' our congress says 'war' and 'hatred'
they could almost plan attacks within an elevator full of police , yet they'll still blame encryption
nepal : a nation's treasures become its scrap : on katmandu's basantapur dur
# a nation's treasures become its scrap : on katmandu's basantapur d
drugmakers weather well ; logistics now an issue :
that awkward moment when a lady at work's name is sandy . .
it's ok though because the comfort dogs are on their way to boston
bomb blast in boston ? well fuck you too al-qaeda .
: riot police haven't fully retreated . seen in standoff with in admiralty :
volunteers are signing up to be first-aiders .
breaking news friday , march 27, 2015 7 :55 am edtgermanwings co-pilot hid medical condition from employer ,
co-pilot hid medical condition from employer
would kill to be in boston for st .patricks day !!
st . patrick's day is tomorrow . share some pictures of your accessories .
who is down for a hurricane sandy slip and slide ?
praying for the victims of hurricane sandy ! praying for everyone who is affected !!! my heart goes out to all of the famil
like i said , scoreline flattered portugal they've been less than average . denmark scored in just the right time .
tweet 3333 dedicated to of portugal ,unchecked players leaded to a goal
germany's merkel congratulates obama on reelection : the material has been provided by instaforex company - insta
honestly thought obama was already president
mpmendespt : video shows aftermath of earthquake in nepal
carollynnyoung : video shows aftermath of earthquake in nepal
missing us helicopter found in nepal : the nepalese army says it has found the wreckage of us military helicopt
missing u .s. marine chopper spotted in nepal mountains
satanic temple offers to protect muslims from backlash of paris attack : ironically enough , the satanic church is offering to help she
satanic temple offers to protect muslims from backlash of paris attack : ironically enough , the satanic church
one thing i hate about st . patricks day is that i don't own alot of green clothing .
happy st . patrick's day to all . hopefully you guys are enjoying today the right way = sans sobriety !
hurricane sandy not even fully here yetand our power just went out for a sec smh
let hurricane sandy just hit central hard
news police official : charlie hebdo suspects dead , hostage freed
news exclus : paris attack : charlie hebdo suspects dead , hostage freed , says police official
joe biden passionate at summit on climate change on road to the un summit in paris 2015 via
if you need me , i'll be in paris .
wand : after president obama won re-election , donald trump let his thoughts fly on twit : after president obama
wand-tv : after president obama won re-election , donald trump let his thoughts fly on twit
54 % of fans wore green today because it's st patrick's day .the rest wore green bc it's all they have in their closets
i went to a st patricks party friday , a st patricks parade sunday , and people are saying to wear green today . when tf is st patricks day ..?
so apparently patrick ewing was just aloud to beat people up when he played
had green beer today celebrating st patricks , just beer with green dye nothing special
i ate it ! at 9 am . happy st patrick's day from the new england made show !!
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! stay warm dry !
did david stern just say hurricane katrina ? 0 _o
that is exactly why david stern needs to retire , talking about some damn hurricane katrina .
gunman on loose after killing six in philadelphia : police admit they do not kn
: gunman on loose after killing six in philadelphia : police admit they do not know whe via
+1 i think i'm the only person who doesn't care about st .patricks day
happy st . patrick's day ! | folk |photography | | |
happy st . patricks day ! may the luck of the irish find you throughout the year !
happy st . patrick's day form piero's pizzavino !
us : israel has right to defend itself against the palestine ,but being responsible (yes by killing children )#gazaunderattack
with . from mexico city , the mexican people waving the palestinian flag 11.07 .2014
getting notifications that friends on fb have marked themselves 'safe during nepal earthquake , may 12 ' yep that's fucking hilarious isn't it
if folk dinny stop marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake n geeing me notifications am go kick aff
is scary my prayers go out to all affected by it !
and we're battening down the hatches at st . aidan's in preparing for hurricane , hope everyone stays safe
kristin sharing the work of in nepal other places around the world .
have you thought about doing a livestream for nepal ? p .s please turn down music !
gotta friendly texan welcome from -generously offered 2 make billfaster custom tshirts free cos visacard w
playbook 3.0 lookin proper like the superbowl playbook -- we in it to win it $x$w
i got respect for obama and romney good fight .
now that obama is done with you , he will kick you out the door like a cheap 1 night stand without even the courtesy of cab fare
paddy power has ian lynch (ind) moving from 10 /3 to 25 /1 in clare
photo opp ahead of press conference
i know paris better than i know london .. this is all terrifying how day to day to life can change in an instant .
dont let hate win never !
analysis : victory puts obama in position to expand government's reach : washington (reuters)
reuters world news analysis : victory puts obama in position to expand government's reach : w
today is the worst day for spelling mistakes and grammatical errors in tweets . tweet responsibly sydney
reports that jewish institutions across australia going into lockdown
happy st .patrick's day to you the both of you !! love this smiley picture ! :)
just reposting the bit on sheilagha's brush . happy st . patrick's day .
abc : belgian police searching for possible suspect captured on video at airport .
latest : belgian police issue a wanted notice for brussels airport bomb suspect .
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of the eig
dtn world news : all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of
i love my mum but i would probably trade her in for michelle obama in a second .
i think i love michelle obama !
national polls predictable . everything clustering around obama +1 +/- the firm's house effectcan someone translate ?
no , trust me - andy and i watched a ton of fox news this w /e and this is all that matters . also , obama is a muslim .
since obama won again everyone on edge
that awesome moment when faith in humanity has been restored . congrats obama for winning the election . i knew you'd win .
st . patricks day is so wack people don't even know when it is
safe travels and happy st . patrick's day !
france mean business but a me thing deh .
walcott for o-c please . here comes defoe . young off ?
bricktown was ready for st . patricks day !
st . patricks day is my favorite holiday food
motherlode blog : post-sandy weekly reader : mix it up at lunch day , flu vaccines and minecraft : a conserva
i don't think likes us anymore .she has moved on
no goals in the spain match yet ? there's a surprise .
think spain definitely torres on at some point .
s /o to all the people who think obama will get out to an early leaduntil the republicans get off work .
how can romney be 'tough on china ' while sending american jobs to them ? rt
syrian refugees welcomed to b .c. despite paris attacks : a syrian refugee girl sits on mud a
now my dad is making me marry paris
: 50 new ebola cases and 25 deaths reported in sierra leone , liberia and guinea since july 3, world h
50 new ebola cases and 25 deaths reported in sierra leone , liberia and guinea since july 3, world
as punishment , let's make next year's halftime show a celebrity cage-fighting match to the death .
whoa ! oxtail poutine ! i'm from quebec and that's a new one for me ! was it totally yummy ?
wait but seeing michael ballack everyday for the past few days on tv has made me so beyond happy
well . what another interesting day at . we take a look at the last two days and what is to come in the next .
france warns on cost of paris attacks
my prayers go out to the tragedy that occurred in paris .also to my moms hope she gets home safe and soon
game time-go patriots all the way !
its game time !! let's go patriots !!
continue your st . patrick's day celebration at the ! we're just blocks away from the parade !
or happy st . patricks day celebration for you calendar nerds out there
btw i'm in you area for a limited time . sandy can't hold me back *ugh* rick ross grunt
i think hurricane sandy has a bigger than
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xpjwtdlglj
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sdvlpw4y8c
yeah romney lost , but fuck it . also , butt fuck me if you want . i don't even care at this point .
why the hell is barack obama president again ? what the fu *k america
nepal earthquake poses challenge to international aid agencies : international agencies , even th (via
nepal earthquake poses challenge to international aid agencies : international agencies , even those with (nyt)
have a safe st patrick's day everybody
st . patrick's day , turning mondays to fridays since .
wwdd ? (what would depardieu do ?)
i can't wait to mark the yes box
as always , reddit's a great resource to follow the story :
jailed yk former pres tymoshenko's shell company metalrussia corp ltd under investigation in 1998
if romney wins i'm leaving the country . if obama wins i'm still leaving the country . this isn't about politics , i just want
lowkey thought michelle obama was gone be there
so romney loses two presidential elections . but he can still be proud of creating obamacare .
if romney was black , well he would probably get a ton of votes
why is nobody talking about the muslim cop who died trying to defend the workers at charlie hebdo ?
check out i am charlie ! available for the next 9 days via
thoughts and prayers for paris | road signs on 1065 the end via
my thoughts and prayers are with the families of the dead ,also the people of paris
don't forget to vote obama now or 11.06 .12.
i predict obama will take an early lead tomorrow , but it'll change when people get off work
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/814mxy3fbz
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xktm9b4pce
happy st patricks day lads , going to get lashedmwahaha .; p
wish a happy st . patrick's day
just got done voting ! definitely a proud feeling !
today's the day to vote gents gals !
happy st . patrick's day ! we find your lack of beer disturbing .
big st . patrick's dayshout to my best friends . here's to more horses , more beer and more food (or sidna will kill me )
lagos issues alert on ebola , gives precautionary tips : worried by the increasing cases o
lagos issues alert on ebola , gives precautionary tips : worried by the increasing cases of deaths from the outb
death toll in us rises to nearly 100 ; 'could be more ,' nyc mayor says
sandy death toll in us rises to nearly 100, could be higher
it's ok to be angry . it's not ok to blame muslims or lash out at them ! true islam is not terrorism .
man claims his cell phone saved his life from flying shrapn |
the usa and the should be doing so much more to offer and end the syrian
this is well worth all our time ! can we make this go viral like ?!#cdnpoli
please everyone stay safe all my friends in the uk and us and paris please keep me updated and dont go outside
please share so friends can know that if you're in paris , you're safe
another day , another park . time to distract from hurricane anxiety .
this hurricane wasnt even bad like i thought how they made it seem
what do call an on st . patrick's day ?
i stay looking out for you ! and who better to keep you safe on st . patrick's day than me , my little shamrock
engineering | relief as typhoon hagupit spares tacloban , passes north - cnn
[world news ] relief as typhoon hagupit spares tacloban , passes north - cnn
happy st . patricks day . i hope you all have a wonderful day
happy st . patrick's day zayn ! :)
first green beer ever ! happy saint patricks day !!!! ?
usually go with green beer on went a different route this year . happy st patricks day !!
nh native in brussels says she was stunned by attacks
tell it like it t-i-is , son .
lol - you all set for st . patrick's day ? wearing green or do you need a reminder pinch ?
my mother , mary , is proud to report that i , the daughter of patrick , was baptized on st . patrick's day weekend in st . patrick's church .
cabaye out ben arfa in fra vs eng
cabaye for ben arfa . toon toon !
i hope you all are wearing green ;) happy st . patrick's day !
from with --- happy monday ! enjoy your st . patrick's day responsibly !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! may the pinching begin .
happy st . patrick's day ! may your day be blessed !
happy st . patrick's day to all , especially those of the irish diaspora .
thinking of you all and i wish you a happy st . patrick's day xx
any stores /businesses open for st . patrick's day ?
yes , i get it . st . patrick's day . l .a. is drunk .
[feed] cloud takes a beating from hurricane sandy : east coast data centers struggle to stay up and running in th
cloud takes a beating from hurricane sandy : east coast data centers struggle to stay up and run via
another pic from hurricane sandy :/ keep prayin for em
cat came back . fuck you sandy
happy st . patrick's day . i don't think i own any orange , so i can't dress up , but i will celebrate silently .
going into nyc for the st patrick's day parade with friends , wish it was warm outside
you know it ! happy st . patrick's day !
a st . patrick's day poem from blue !
great and congrats to the giants . half time was pretty damn good too . still wish it was my
giants and jelloshots made my night
us goes into shutdown ahead of hurricane sandy : the east coast of america has gone into shut down a
the tri-towns best chance of survival when it comes to hurricane sandy is
heart to paris . beirut . baghdad and kabul . love and light . (obeygiant)
: disbelief , panic as paris struck a second time : it should have been a friday night like any
to the people of paris . we know this drill only so well :( tonight we sit in shock , watching as one of our allies
my thoughts and prayers are with the innocent people of paris
itunes store now accepting donations for superstorm sandy relief : apple has launched a new page o
mac rumors : itunes store now accepting donations for superstorm sandy relief : apple has launched a new page on i
he makes music without anyone's permission
its a very strange world where i have just caught a train in daylight but reading tweets of all my friends still raging at
| please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!! |via naijaloaded
please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!!: the lagos state gover
there will be people who worked their entire lives to run in the boston marathon who may never run again . absolutely awful .
my heart goes out to those effected by the bombings at the boston marathon today .
ray kurzweil's keynote live streaming today at 2 :00pm
launches new platform that allows anyone to create .
let me just say that unless your making $250,000 a year income . youd be a fool for voting for him . if you think obama
so i've got rasmussen saying r's have great party id and it's a toss up ; pew says obama ; ev #'s are close ; it's a dead heat ; flip a coin
brussels attacks : man arrested , wounded in area near brussels bomb factory
another innocent victim of bilderberg enrichment
happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! hope you're wearing your !!
happy st . patrick's day sones !
due to sandy , apgf has no office , phone , or email . will let you know when we are back at work . hope all is well .
best wishes to all during the aftermath of
st . patrick's day celebration in dtsb : lots of people where wearing green in downtown south bend's
happy saint patrick's day , yogis ! be green :)
israeli drones bombed al-far family house in jabalia camp .
the role of the un in the face of israeli crimes in
a holi / st patrick's day mashup celebration would be pretty awesome . sf , i'm disappointed in you for not getting on this
may there always be a rainbow to guide you , and a pot of gold at the end too ! happy st . patrick's day from
true beijing lacks a real response . its a joke to call it a sml amount of ppl . keep going hk !
: a city shut down . the crowds are huge at the protests , but the
breaking : paramedics now entering lindt cafe .
r breaking now : heavy gunfire erupts at sydney cafe after at least 6 hostages escape . situation unclear -
shame ireland couldn't manage a draw cos if the group is tied its decided on the singing .
that could've been 6,7 -0 to ! pretty poor from but also didn't really let them play .
happy saint patricks day everyone yay
have a great day !!! happy st . patrick's day to the both of you !!!! :)
your at the beach ?! there's a hurricane coming !!!
is there supposed to be a hurricane or something hitting windsor ?
wish i was awake because of st patrick's fun instead of too much on my mind . trying to get some zzzzz now
: why did major breweries like guinness heineken boycott st . patrick's day parades in the us ?
sweden and ukraine look rubbish but you know they will both up their game against us !
this sweden vs ukraine game is really exciting !
livestreams of hurricane patricia on periscope : here are people scoping as patricia makes landfall . more will be
what about the people who live in mexico
you can't say you survived sandy if you didn't even go through it
i was deeply affected by hurricane sandy . please send donations to paypal tanisha_monroeatyahoodotcom . thanks .
st .patricks day please go away , thanks !
food for thought-a blessing for ireland on saint patrick's day
latest : 8 dead in mount everest avalanche after nepal quake
social media : 8 dead in mount everest avalanche after nepal quake
breathe in breathe out xlvi are you ready for it ?!?! who's gonna wear them rings ? or ?!?!?!
this is the last supermarket we're trying i pray to god , have my mom walk out with 4 bags of wings 3
how did hurricane sandy impact your horny levels ?
over this fall /sandy break ive gotten seriously hooked on sons of anarchy . guns , motorcycles and hookers ? my kind of show .
am i only the only person who thinks the greek goalkeeper looks like mr bean ?
greek goalkeeper looks slightly like mr bean
romney isn't going to win . he got charged with ethics violations last night . con ineptly 2 days before the election . say h
dems like obama dingy harry reid dont want a budget . as long as they operate on continuing resolutions there is no limits .
obama backer pritzker sees 'fiscal cliff ' deal taking time : new york (reuters) - penny pritzker , a u .s. business
obama backer pritzker sees 'fiscal cliff ' deal taking time : new york (reuters) - penny pritzker , a u .s. bus
green makeup for st patrick's day ? i think so ;)
watch : chicago river goes green for st patrick's day via
happy saint patrick's day to all of my fb friends !!!
happy saint patrick's day ! we're not irish but we everyday
and i can cross over to paris and take the iconic photo infront of the eiffel tower like everyone else . lol
vancouver vigil gets underway 730 pm
protesters at mong kok again using umbrellas against batons / pepper spray
traffic continues as protesters want to push thru the police cordon line
i wish i cud vote in the us elections ! :(, i'm half american and stuck in britain ! ..
i pity the fools who vote for that man . annnnnd that is the only thing i will /have to say about election 2012
don't think i've ever actually celebrated st . patricks day
damn i wanna go celebrate st patricks day somewhere :/
happy st patricks day :) and i believe you are in fact irish .. originally ? xxx
ditching c .o. bigelow for lucky . happy st . patrick's day .
please everybody on twitter vote for obama tommorow please
whinee , get out and vote for obama
is it only me that doesn't really care about st .patrick's day ?
for those who are wondering . the meaning of st . patrick's day
horrible news coming from paris tonight , but i'm not at all shocked anymore ! hopefully everyone gets home safe .
shocking news . thoughts are with my friends and affected families in paris .
george orwell , call your office
2 nd suspect now sought in brussels subway bombing - suspect now sought in brussels subway bombing
not confirmed yet but : they say the 2 scumbrothers are dead .
hostage situation outside paris comes to an end . brothers killed . other casualties unknown for now
midler hobnobs with man in blackface in hurricane aftermath ? via more bad taste from hollywood
so glad to hear that you were well taken care of . we are doing our best in the wake of hurricane sandy to satisfy everyone .
ireland - croatia croatia ftw ! and it'll be difficult to watch .. so football on tv and f1 on pc
don't understand why people dont sing there national anthem , are you not proud ? :s
bold prediction #1: obama wins oregon well before oregon polls close .
preliminary early voting and absentee ballot numbers showing president obama in the lead with over 60 % of votes .
ireland have been very poor . croatia very comfortable winners .
we lost i knew we would ! it was a good game tho
i hope hurricane sandy don't come this way -_-
hurricane sandy and halloween puns are terrifying .
they should of had espn airing presidential game day . would live see lee corso putting in a romney or obama head on .
election 2012 : idaho gop licks wounds over defeats of romney , luna laws
5 stocks to avoid after frankenstorm : insurance companies may be hit hard by hurricane sandy , so tread lightly w
let's just say worst day ever from hurricane so terrible wbu ?
happy st patrick's day , holi , and purim to everyone ! via
oh , and a happy st patricks day , i actually remembered to wear green this year
but i guess a special news report about the boston marathon bombing is more important .
our thoughts and prayers are with boston at the moment . students who are in need of emotional support please
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gukzamm223
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qnwmapkawv
ebola deaths surge in sierra leone and liberia , who finds : by reuters ebola continues to spread in sie
who finds high numbers of new ebola deaths in sierra leone and liberia : ebola continues to spread in sierra le
all i'm saying is this bitch sandy needs to get off her period she's ruining my night
lama offices closed again 10 /31. thanks to our dedicated staff and providers who are providing exceptional care despite
your guide to the west african ebola outbreak
ebola scientist : 'it's spectacular ' via
lionel richie = superb ! mtg seeing him use wldve been of day 2 until 1 /2
i'm totally rapped out and its only day 1 of
people at my school go all out for st patricks day but not me
happy st . patrick's day week !!!
well , i guess it's safe to say that is not a 'safe space .'#safespace
trending while 150 + people die in paris for different beliefs . tired of my generation's blindness
happy st . patrick's day from the maine diner !
happy st . patrick's day !! good luck too everyone who is irish today i'm proud too be half :d
i'm not following the hurricane , but i have a few good friends who own hurricanes .
hurricane sandy , causing a major disruption on the east cost business
when we see cartoons in charlie hebdo to the paris tragedy ?
sending thoughts and prayers to paris right now
i like this team !! russia all the way !!
live euro 2012 : alan puts russia ahead against poland
silence for the victims of the recent terrorist atrocities in brussels and lahore .
as modi is in brussels , anticipate what will be personal relationship of modi with belgium ??
so theres a risk there might be a worldwide spreading of ebola . told everyone the rapture would happen soon and no one listened .
what's the ebola virus and how much danger is the uk in ? - london loves business
will use for political gain , but not defend 4 american for fear of political repercussions !
if you need to contact my office with any hurricane related issues over the next two days 1 -800-492-7122, ext . htt
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at ! did you save yourself from getting pinched
happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! # shoveling
pray for paris . the world is thinking about you today
recorded a day that will be on gospel cover for all he love ones in paris gby
gonna get to bed . kind of tired . i don't know when the hurricane comes , but if i dont update , it means i died . byee loveyouu -amanda
prayers for those who may be affected by hurricane
fg to set up isolation centres at international airports to curb spread of ebola virus : as part of eff
fg to set up isolation centres at international airports to curb spread of ebola virus : as part of efforts to
pokerstars urges players to donate to nepal earthquake victims
nepal earthquake : 400 births in time of death via
is o'reillys having anything tonight for st patrick's day
brand new and just for st . patrick's day -
crash : one of the pilots was locked out of the cockpit
tragic : one of the two pilots of flight was locked out of cockpit via
dumfries galloway votes no :yes 36,614 - 34.3 %no 70,039 - 65.7 %
dumfries vote very decisively yes 36,614 no 70,039
happy st . patricks day from vegas
great guiness commercial for st patrick's day !
what's irish and stays out all night ?!? patty o'furniture :-) happy st . patrick's day everyone !
happy st patrick's day ! ger'onimo ! is what we'll be sipping on this evening courtesy of
happy st . patrick's day ! remember you make your own magic . :-)
happy st patrick's day to you as well in 2 weeks .
saint patrick's day is a day for white bros , who aren't irish or catholic , to be drunk , homophobic , and sexist in the name of an irish saint
new on st patrick's day at tigard hs jamboree
[mail online ] bbc 'insensitive' for silent witness episode on day of charlie hebdo attack
from belgian muslims fear charlie hebdo backlash
germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit b4 fatal crash
latest latest on germanwings crash : 1 pilot locked out of cockpit
happy st . patrick's day !! anyone wearing green ?
it's st . patrick's day , my name is patrick , and i'm not wearing green today because my life is literally a joke right now .
((mozartlapara)) video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ': in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people have sp
f *ck video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ': in nepal , hundreds of thousan
no sandy doesn't trully hit us untill like 5 oclock maybe later
hurricane looks horrendous , good luck to everyone on the east coast
since hurricane sandy is going to kill us all i just want to take this time to say i didn't enjoy my time with any
back in dirty jerz again and i aint even complainin thanks sandy
aid flows directly into nepal to cope with quake disaster
dartmouth college coordinates aid for nepal
us livestock industry unbuffeted by sandy : chicago , oct 30 (reuters) - poultry producer perdue farmsinc kep ^dk
us livestock industry unbuffeted by sandy : chicago , oct 30 (reuters) - poultry producer perdue farmsinc kept fo
our hearts go out to the people of sydney - the innocent victims , the wounded and the lost - you are all in our
i think the whole of australia is grieving today with the death of innocent people in the sydney siege . may tori and katrina rest in peace .
we've seen what obama has done in 4 years -- not much . at least with romney , there's hope things will change .
people who vote for obama don't even have a reason , they just want handouts and free stuff .
happy st . patrick's day ! we'll have to make kinetic sand green for next year !
happy st . patrick's day , don't forget your grasshopper green today !
hurricane sandy your more then welcome to take mainland with you so we can all just graduate and call it a day .
hmm * sandy whatever we are calling is blowing me . folks act like we never had a storm before .
happy st patrick day dubliners
happy st . patrick's day from the hangout !#thehangout
wow . crazy photo essay of superstorm destruction across the northeast :
god bless , protect and keep safe all americans and canadians during this trying period -#sandy
at daily kos : final pre-election daily kos /seiu state of the nation poll : obama 50 -48
final pre-election daily kos /seiu state of the nation poll : obama 50 -48: public policy polling for daily dk
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/go6gap4xca
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hr8dturmnr
despite hurricane sandy's impact , weather forecast looks good for football game on friday .
i wonder if all these hurricane sandy tweets towards are depressing her .
(#ikybrownus) american aid worker who contracted ebola doing 'as well as could be expected ': the husband of an
american aid worker who contracted ebola doing 'as well as could be expected ': the husband of an american aid
jhsgw offices the small museum will be closed tomorrow due to hurricane sandy . everyone stay safe !
prays for places that hurricane sandy is said to be affecting be safe ppl
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ipuopbqwug
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hqdvjnl2td
there are days when i wish there would be a or an that would stand up to end all that violence !#parisattacks
paris attack has shocked saddened me . islamic extremists will achieve nothing by killing innocent people .
it's st patrick's day to be sure to be sure !
needed some green for st . patricks day tomorrow !!
am jst waiting for obama to win that shit
if romney wins , i'm packing my shit i won't be back next semester . immah learn how to sell drugs . lol
hope everyone on the east coast and our fellow new yorkers are safe after ! try to keep smiling through the hard times
very cool and uplifting moment in doc with supporting our work with
happy st . patrick's day to you ! i'm having guinness !
a very happy st . patrick's day to those of you celebrating !
look what feel out of pocket while he was walking out the mall !
photo : look what feel out of pocket while he was walking out the mall ! (taken with
smoke and explosions heard as police move in on suspects .
explosions and shots fired suspects siege .
hurricane sandy : a letter from the week's editor : i'm reasonably eager to come to work every monday morning , but
you go girl , you go sandy !
oh no ! hurricane sandy is going to hit !
hurricane ? what hurricane ? oh that thing thats like 1000 miles away that'll be a thunderstorm by the time it hits us ?
come on italy u can do this !!!
ok . signal's back . just so much better with commentary in spanish .
cnnbreak : authorities hunt 8 suspects linked to brussels , paris attacks :
authorities hunt 8 suspects linked to brussels , paris attacks : (cnn)
st . patrick's day coloring pages - free ! -
best potatoes for corned beef and cabbage : st . patrick's day 2014
new york's hurricane sandy helpline is up and running . call 888 -769-7243 or 518 -485-1159 for info . about preparing for , referrals .
ddot : no circulator bus or bikeshare on monday cause of
video : hurricane is dubbed 'frankenstorm': hurricane sandy could merge with a winter storm to create what ha
video : hurricane is dubbed 'frankenstorm': hurricane sandy could merge with a winter storm
half changed , bt story remains the same stil dutch missing all der chances ..
ban bommel has always had that in his locker
'superstorm' could punish east coast : sandy dropped to tropical storm strength , but forecasts ar
'superstorm' could punish east coast : sandy dropped to tropical storm strength , but forecasts are ominous , predi
happy st . patrick's day ! if you're not wearing green today , at least try eat your greens !10 healthy green
happy st . patrick's day ! save some green by asking us about our energy-efficient home comfort systems (no luck
nhc scrapping hurricane naming convention and just call them all hurricane bastiat .
i guess sandy is still not done with us
liberian man infected with ebola virus in lagos has reportedly died : yest
liberian man infected with ebola virus in lagos has reportedly died visit
never again man , fucking sandy is the fucking cause of my rashhhh
god really hated jersey shore . that's why he created sandy to destroy seaside , nj . too soon ? fuck you .
good job i decided against staying up !
missed the ? boy that game had me the edge .!
isis threatens washington dc , with paris-like attacks
vlc contributor living in aleppo writing about the paris attacks comm :
saddened and sick to the hearing about the tragic . condolence
yar bakwas tho mat karo
'hurricane sandy : coming together ' concert : christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to : par
: 'hurricane sandy : coming together ' concert : christina aguilera , bruce springsteen t | via
hurricane sandy clouds extend from bermuda to detroit , from north carolina to the arctic circle - ht
fuck hurricane sandy . you're ruining my east coast ; my home . :(
this is one of the many reasons why i love on
thanks for all the retweets and mentions . we appreciate all the passion people have for great ads !!
how can a person with the name obama be our president ?
i really like obama as being the president of the united states . :d
this whole people 'marked safe during nepal earthquake ' on facebook is so offensive and piss taking on the thousands struggling in nepal
earthquake destroyed nepal , rescued salauddin ahmed :p
if spain won ,they stamp this generation 3 major tournament wins in a row .
goal of the tournament has 2 b pirlo's chipi don't care that penalties don't count ps carroll's goal ? really ?#euro2012
would you consider moving presidents day to the monday after on an annual basis ?
i'm not interested in the but i am interested in the , right
heart in mouth . is this kent state all over again ? they're sending in the national guard .
i wish i was there with y'all my heart goes out to everyone there
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/zded3quycy
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/hd2ehtiw1e
it's st . patricks day and i'm awake early
guess nobody cares about st . patrick's day anymore lol
how can you hear sandy i can't at all hahahah
this is looking massive , poor us . it's windy in cape town today but maybe 10 % of what sandy is bringing down . sterkte new yorkers
that's why i love tall men . yeah , pepe ! good header !! den 0 -1 por your turn danes .
bullet header , fine , whipped delivery crucial in that goal .
our thoughts and prayers are with those who have been injured in boston
my heart nd prayers go out to all in boston
have a great st . patrick's day , dawgs !
i put on everything then realize -_- it's st .patricks day
just heard about the earthquake coming once again . hope everyone is safe in india and
another big earthquake in nepal . nd india also i hope all safe in nepal nd india
rt yo shout out to and for putting me on they sxsw show yesterday . i appreciate i
did you make a road trip to sxsw too ?
have a happy and enjoyable st patrick's day .
nobody even knows it st .patricks day how sad
ndtv news - world : germanwings co-pilot on job since 2013, 630 hours flying experience : lufthansa - ndtv
germanwings co-pilot on job since 2013, 630 hours flying experience : lufthansa : the co-pilot of the germanwing
happy st . patrick `s day ! going old school on this shit !
should probably say happy st patricks day to my dad as he is from irelandmmmm nope .
dtn olympics 2012 : sports travel : korean air sends relief goods to nepal : marissa flanders / sports features c
nepal earthquake : before and after in kathmandu via
paris attacks : what is happening ? - the atlantic
why would anybody even think of flying to paris right now ?
human interest stories obscure the real human needs in nepal
's name will be elizabeth diana kate-mandu . tribute to the queen , the mother and the victims of nepal
governor patrick mema to hold 4 :30 p .m. news conference to update on hurricane sandy
i don't see the point of being open today were no going to get much business due to the hurricane
if hurricane sandy interrupts my dvr-ing of the walking dead i will be super peeved
last night's pre-hurricane halloween party w / christian . welcome great pumpkin !
happy st . patrick's day , mctwitters !
happy st . patricks day lovely people !!
boston website back uplots of useful information :
the pictures of the man on the rooftop in boston are eerie as hell
a $ap rocky a $ap mob scrap with audience during sxsw performance : austin , texas ' sxsw festival came to a close
a $ap rocky a $ap mob scrap with audience during sxsw performance
thoughts and prayers goes out to everyone in paris x
paris helplines to help /support families and friends of people involved in the .
michael , that is a brill mill ! happy st patrick's day to you all .
why is every one saying happy st . patrick's day ? its tommorow
so when exactly is st patrick's day ? i never know
st patricks day selfie at fountain square . guiness = yum
worried about friends in the that i haven't heard from since yesterday . hoping it's just b /c of no power /internet
nyc is under water : a collection of shocking photos of the city via twitter via
w / all the negativity obama always keeps the nicest smile on his face always stands up tall .
if you kno me you already kno how long me obama been down !
barack wins ,what happens 2 rove ,who conned billions out of the big boys ,do they just take it and thank rove anyway ,
bush was in office for 8 yrs . everyones pissed bcuz obama couldnt fix it in 4 .
nyvost is supporting suffolk county fres on long island for hurricane sandy . follow site 4 updates ^cm
this hurricane thing . i guess the world is ending ? does this mean i have to start calling people and telling them i'm in love with them ?
akere le donald trump o busy moh ! nxa i'm outchea running the obama campaign in sa . *side note * good to see you back on twitter 3
but it must be said , gauging by electoral votes , obama won , but when you look at the numbers state by state , it was close ! real close !!
why can't we be celebrating st .patricks day together :(
had a good time at st patrick's day in savannah
anti-trump pro-islam german govt media are abusing trump slogan !#makeamericagreatagain
jupiter : we're investing the fund for a stay brexit vote
view from my window . happy st . patrick's day
does being head coach of the make me part irish ? happy st . patrick's day everyone !
damn now im not gunna be able to make up da work ihave to cuss of hurricane sandy -_-
am i da only one who dgaf bout this hurricane ???
bottom feeding lowlife with morals that would embarrass a sewer rat , your average sun 'journalist'#parisattacks
rob lowe receives backlash for 'insensitive, ignorant ' tweets about paris attacks
the rain -- and lightning -- hasn't stopped the protestors .
every 1 in town was already making that accusation . they don't need crusty outrage-for-pay al sharpton 2 do it 4 them .
hurricane sandy - a survey of chaos and perfection on the east coast : a survey of chaos and via
hurricane sandy - a survey of chaos and perfection on the east coast : a surve
tired puppy after marching with kc pet project in kansas city's st . patrick's day parade !
only thing i don't like about st patricks day is the fucking cornbeef stew my dad makes
keep the people affected by sandy in your thoughts .
considering the issues after i wouldn't mind taking a tank . people are crazy up here !
did everyone have a fun and safe st . patrick's day ?
staying in on st . patrick's day . and going to bed early . :)
happy st . patrick's day . but remember , that doesn't mean you have to , or have an excuse to , get loaded .
blueberry piggy had her babies this morning !! st . patrick's day babies ! yippee !
hoping for some drama in , like the last day of the pl . let's have late goals , underdogs , and a few heated exchanges
cheers for the buddy ! :). who are you supporting at ?
looks like one pilot was locked out of cockpit during germanwings crash
it is being reported by the that one of the pilots of 4 u9525 was locked out of the cockpit
lets go obama you better win !!!!!!
not surprising , that's how obama runs
wow . this just gets better . torres should have passed it there .
what gives these tossers the right to slag off torres at every opportunity ?
good moning world and happy st patricks day to all .
happy st . patrick's day , y'all !#willyjays jays
sandy clean-up begins , as storm brings more havoc
what's everyone's favorite song ? check out our list here !
absolutely horrific to hear and see what's happening in paris .
so sad and terrefiying what happen on paris .
via 2 nd american infected as ebola spreads in africa - 5 things you should know abo
2 nd american infected as ebola spreads in africa - 5 things you should know about ebola - wh
heavy traffic and pedestrain congestion . clearing nathan road is a bad idea .#occupycentral
crowd still at bay . traffic backed up on nathan .
here in american , police should not be arresting journalists for doing their jobs - obama
obama on : here in the united states of america , police should not be arresting journalists who are just trying to do their jobs
love getting notifications on facebook saying my friends are safe from the nepal earthquake :/
thanks for letting me know u was safe in nepal even tho u live in blackpool :/
green is great ! happy st . patrick's day :)
you know the kind of green we lovehappy st . patrick's day !
sri lanka avoiding accountability by calling tamils terrorist this branding is pa //t.co/m53pjyucpj
dillydee blogs tensions erupt in brussels , and police in 4 countries make arrests : memorials for the follow us
chaos in new york - usa - hurricane sandy
sandy power outage tip : conserve cell phone battery by reducing screen brightness , turning off periodically limiting voice calls
disaster strikes in nepal - let's all donate what we can using whatever means we have (red cr
disaster strikes in nepal - let's all donate what we can using whatever means we have (red cross acce
hey have a great st . patrick's day ! all the best from the states ! haha
here is some st . patrick's day trivia for you !#stpatricksday
martin place cafe siege : some sydney trains cancelled , buses diverted
sydney is not used to this kind of incidences , people tweeting pics of cops , location equipment , no opsec awareness
prayers for . he may have done the absolute right thing that day .
oh wow and how many white on white shootings were there on that day ? end white on white violence now !! goes beyond
thoughts prayers with nepal the nepali people .
toii 150 tourists from nashik stranded in nepal : around 150 people from nashik are reported stranded and the w
go green and have a happy st . patrick's day :-)
happy st . patrick's day !! hope you are having a great day with your beautiful wife and a little cute baby theo :)
have a great evening ! off to watch the elections !!
i would rather watch vs state on then 1 second of coverage ! god bless on tuesday nights
obama and romney put fate in voters ' hands : barack obama and mitt romney have made their final cases to american
if romney wins tomorrow the world will probably end in the next few years . vote obama you stupid thanks
happy st patrick's day ishrish boy
happy st . patrick's day from nucco brain !
evacation information and routes for new york city
evacation information and routes for new york city via
happy st patrick's day ! love jaxson ! xx :-d
whether it's st . patrick's day or not :)
delta spirit hit sxsw at breakneck pace : by the time sxsw wraps delta spirit will have play
delta spirit hit sxsw at breakneck pace : by the time sxsw wraps delta spirit will have played 16 shows at a rate
happy st patrick's day !: saint patrick's day (aka the feast of st . patrick ) is a cultural and religious holida
patrick .. you have well and truely done it this time
more : us official : 2 more explosives found at boston marathon :
i just got shock .. i was watching the news , and suddenly they said there was 2 bombs in boston .. how can someone do that ?!
in spite of my bitching madonna is bringing it home . best halftime how ever ?
seriously , our need for excessive entertainment in america is frightening . is the game not enough ?!
they forget bout me since hurricane come mussy
we got this hurricane coming to va :o
there are two kind of people in pakistan . one who support france and others having soul of hamza ali abbasi .
did u see any dead body or blood ?did u hear any comments fr opposition ? time for our to learn ethics n discipline ..#parisattacks
got the green ! happy st . patrick's day !!!
st . patricks day is better with urban shock
bam mt new york mayor bloomberg endorses obama , saying hurricane sandy , climate change shaped his view
new york mayor bloomberg endorses obama , says hurricane sandy , climate change shaped view - via
poland playing really well in the first 30 minutes , here's hoping you get the win tonight izabela
come on polandkeep this up . impressive going forward but this happened the last time and it faded
so what bottle do you think cracked open to celebrate his victory ?
it's a very ignorant thing to say that someone is ignorant for voting for romney
we have picked some of our favourite st patrick's day nail art !
pew pew pew its st . patrick days my fellow irish followers ure all q lucky charm to me ilyall
kelly clarkson did her thing :)
thank you for not screwing up the national anthem , kelly clarkson !
my heart and prayers going out to those in right now .
powerful off the deep end from this month . live for (a better ) life :
happy st . patricks day my little irish leprechaun !
happy whose line st . patrick's day :
don't you find it funny that the media that mocked theaters for not showing is afraid 2 show cartoons
im sick and tired of these terrorists . people killing in the name of religion is sooo b .c. this is the 21 st century dammit !
happy st . patricks day from everyone from meyu !
happy st . patrick's harry (i love you )
600 people died in west africa coz of ebola virus in past one week but
600 peoplediedinwest africa coz of ebola virus in past one week but
happy st . patricks day !! hope you all have a good one ..
happy birthday to my big brother !! and happy st . patricks day !!
thanks sandy now i have an excuse to miss school tomorrow
to all the people in sandy's wide ranging path , please be smart and stay safe .. our thoughts and prayers are with you ..
fashion : sxsw scene : fashionable texans share their austin picks
my thoughts exactly austin , texas coffee
happy st . patrick's day weekend with my parents :')
happy st . patrick's day weekend ! absinthe is our green drink of choice .
also happy st . patrick's day you guys !!
happy st patricks day , especially for you - our favourite irishman !!!!!!
somethings are best unfiltered happy st patrick's day everyone !
happy st patricks day , lets get weird !
'shaken to the core ': the earthquake in nepal is sunday's top story , with
'shaken to the core ': the earthquake in nepal is sunday's top story , with the papers hi
just the announcement of starting excites me .
hoping joe hart has a great game tonight , he may need to !!! top class gk now gets to prove it on the big stages
breaking news co-pilot deliberately crashed airbus jet , prosecutor says
if the co-pilot had the decency to be a muslim , all this speculation as to motive would not have been needed . so thoughtless .
!! mom of three children slain in sydney siege : a mom of three children and a barriste via
mom of three children slain in sydney siege : a mom of three children and a barrister in new south wales died i
i wonder how i would of felt today if obama would of lost the election y-day
man mr .mattar remind me of barack obama !
' limited to long shots .' danny mills . except that's where the goal came from . twat
up next is match report on the england-france encounter . cheers .
clean up sunday b4 i watch the - i dont even watch football , but anything associated w ,,#party :-) i'm there !!!!
i'm assuming will be the first ad to air post kick-of .
zee solutions startup america's scott case on the trends of sxsw 2012 (video)
entrepreneurship : startup america's scott case on the trends of sxsw 2012 (video)
overheard : sandy : yeah homestuck thats what you get for making a fake flash update
hurricane sandy don't fuck around
get your green on ~ its st . patrick's day
st . patrick's day !have a good one =)
firsthand accounts of nepal earthquake : as a devastating earthquake hit about 50 miles from kat (via
such a horrible event , hope and prayers for all the people of nepal
(via people ) nyu langone medical center evacuates newborns during hurricane sandy : staff at nyu saved four respi
nyu langone medical center evacuates newborns during hurricane sandy : staff at nyu saved fo
we've seen a ton ppl out running today . think everyone is tired of being cooped up . did you head out for a post jog or walk ?
instant tens of billions $$$$ for and $50 billion for , yet cry poor when it comes to social safety net ?
tells why she is voting for president obama .
so obama should have given a , like the romney opposes .
happy st . patrick's day . believe it or not i'm like half irish so there's that .
good morning ! happy st patrick's day ! hope the leprechaun is good to you today !
i didn't even know it was st patrick's day .. haha
oh its st . patricks day ? geez i would have never guessed
aight so shawty coming i need to complete my check list
oh thank , sandy ! no school monday tuesday .. now , i can do my essay i was gonna rush do today , if we had school :)
she still never tells me when it's st patricks day
today is st . patricks day bud
why is raising money for a 2014 oklahoma tornado on page ?
i'm not very enthusiastic about people using the as an vehicle to sell photographs , but if it's to raise aid money it's ok .
i feel ya girl . irene killed rodanthe an obx last year , i cried . haha . sandy wasn't so nice to them this year either .
that was the only tweet had to say about hurricane sandy
tell that to the fishermen who cant fish their own waters . plebs is coming .big business and tax dodgers are scared .
great to see all the photos of stalls and campaigns around the uk today .
please follow my friends as they prepare to leave aug . 1 for sierra leone , right in the middle of the ebola outbreak .
there's no cure for ebola , but there are actually things you can do to help . here's how w / +
locked in hotel as cowardly isis terrorists stage attack on cafe in sydney . thoughts and prays with those involved .
fucking terrorist's ! ! hope everyone gets out safe and sound over in sydney .
well , ill be watching the game on bbc , since itv coverage is shit
both italy and spain could use morale boost . but w /name like carmine , i'm with italy !
st patricks day announcement : pinch me and ill punch you .
seriously cookie ? cant even throw out a happy st patricks day first ?!?
i'm not doing anything for st patrick's day so
st . patrick's day is tomorrow ! come on in and get your green on .
we've made prayer poster resources for our refugee crisis appeal please use them where you can
what 'refugees'? u mean 'economic migrants ' or even terrorists , is fighters .
hate that are sponsoring - it's like they're teasing me . damn i want that 60 d
watching has me wanting to play again
happy st . patrick's day terriers !
happy st . patrick's day to all ! rock on
haha someone built a snowman and colored it green for st . patricks day .
everybody should have a ginger at least once on st . patrick's day .
instagram : sandy's aftermath via that's insane ! hope hurricane won't last any longer
hope everyone is staying safe while this hurricane is going on
happy st . patricks day shoelovers ! more shuluvs more . congrats shoelover winners !
on this , i will do as my people do : stare at snow in bewilderment refuse to go outside (texans, not irish )
makes me so angry that there are people still trapped in nepal yet reporters /film crews are going over there and not helping out ???
please donate to nepal . they need your help .
a st . patrick's day toast to you all
having the st . patrick's day special for lunch .
happy st . patrick's day ! will you have the luck of the when we open our doors later this year ?
happy st . patrick's day and thanks for following us !
my heart goes out to those who are suffering and in need in nepal .
nothing is gonna help out nepal bt our prayers to for them please pray for nepal
update :(-confirmed: about 100 dead inside the bataclan (concert venue )#parisattacks
maybe he needs a visit to paris to speak with a few victims deprived of their natural right . asshole .
what's your favorite st . patrick's day recipe ?
celebrating a little early aren't you ? it's st patrick's day tomorrow .
in middle east , relief not euphoria at obama win : dubai (reuters) - a tweet from one of saudi arabia's most infl
in middle east , relief not euphoria at obama win : dubai (reuters) - a tweet from one of saudi arabia's most influential clerics summe
come in and let us make your monday ! happy st . patrick's day !
since i'm actually irish i should probably celebrate st . patrick's day more than i do
happy st .patricks day turn back the clock
it's st patrick stump day for me
flying ? sandy grounding phx flights
what are your thoughts on hurricane sandy ? we need your expertise .
it seems like hurricane sandy already passed by my room
what're your thoughts on this hurricane sandy shit ?
that's great ! obama win opens way for new mideast push : blair [a link in my bio ]
read this ! obama win opens way for new mideast push : blair [a link in my bio ]
very disappointed with the way england played black friday customers had better chemistry than them watch out more tweets coming !
boring matches tonight ! fuck group a ! the group b teams will have easy quarter finals against them .
got my st . patrick's day guinness . what the hell is she drinking ?
a7x for st patricks day ? i think yes !
mitt romney has called president obama to concede . finally .
mitt has called president to concede .
rt stop asking sandy where she at .. let her remain lost
99 % sure that this hurricane sandy is going to end up like the day after tomorrow movie . so , good luck to all the east coasters out there !
thinking about boston . and baghdad . and kabul . and peshawar . and kidal . worst part ? this happens every day .
my uncle lives in boston and almost took my cousins there today to watch . thank god they didnt .
have belgian blunders hampered brussels attacks inquiry ?: has inquiry into attacks been hampere
have belgian blunders hampered brussels attacks inquiry ?: has inquiry into attacks been hampered by a series o
sandy is coming tricker treating with me ..#help:(
wonder if snookie is having a hurricane party ?
ok we get it you dont like obama , time to get the fuck over it cause it doesn't matter now
really messed up that as it stands , more ppl wanted romney in the whitehouse . thanks electoral college .
rocks it again at this years let's go !#worldpeace
sitting here trying 2 figure out how i'm going to sneak a plate of these ribs back 2 my hotel room after the game . ;)
i truly wonder if and are paid by the to sabotage . if yes , money we
my mom said if obama dosen't win were moving out of the country like g ..
take a look at these chilling images of new york city after hurricane sandy . we hope everyone is staying safe .
our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by hurricane sandy . we wish you all the best ! by
mitt dint get the memo . kenyans dont lose races ! well unless yo steven kiprotich .
no americans will move to australia because of the election , because we are already left of obama , and they love their country too much .
csusb health death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 -who
breaking death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 - who : dakar (reuters) - the death
as every uterus in the usa breathes a sigh of relief .
i'm proud of my president and my country . congratulations
i feel like torres will get the gamewinner
substitution from spain : fernando torres replaces cesc fabregas .
stay up late just want to see christian eriksen skills
killing of a spanish fan , injured 4 stewartnot good start for competition this year !
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued an alert o
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government h follow 4 mor
anyone brave enough to make these for party ? buffalo chicken cupcakes
seems silly not to do it today too w /great weather & time before the game
everybody is in panick mode bc of hurricane sandy . dont know why its not going to hit here . just wind and rain . thats basic weather .
i'm really curious as to what annie's publicity team is going to do with hurricane sandy .
don't miss st . patrick's day celebrations !!!!
last time i was home on st patricks day was two years ago . wow me had fun !!
bbc audio : councilman tells on up all night of need for supplies in after
ppl hate rats but this is sa thousands of lab rats used in medical research were among the victims of sandy :
ff the mood in paris : a grieving city set to return to business with tight security : via
latest_mon the mood in paris : a grieving city set to return to business with tight security : most of paris wil
big mistake leaving ronaldo for last
i feel bad for ronaldo , but happy that fabregas won it for spain .
tragedy hardship : always on the backs of the poor : tropical storm kills at least 21 in
tropical storm hagupit heads to manila : via
if you actually knew what romney was for you'd be hype too
people still thinking that romney can win right now ? no . just stop .
did this romney dude actually think before he tried to become president ? what's he playing at ?
retweeting most of my twitter feed remembering how the idea of romney as president made me feel physically ill . thank common sense .
top news : paris massacre ringleader used migrant crisis to get into france , pm says - fox news : fox newsparis
freelancewritingdesk paris massacre ringleader used migrant crisis to get into france , pm says - fox news : fox
can't wait for the git-r-done boys :) lol
later can't wait i'm going
horrific what's going on in paris . terrorists must not win
i live in paris and i'm so stressed right now :(
widespread damage in the east from superstorm sandy threw state and local agencies tasked with running next week
sandy , obama and a distant romney brandan's business day cartoon , wednesday 31 october 2012
absolutely terrible things happening in paris .. this is so sad
it's absolutely awful what's happening in paris
do these kids deserve a st patrick's day rt ?!
happy st . patrick's day ! park
romney's campaign sure does seem more mokable .
on my personal account everyone wants obama on my anon everyone wants romney . no wonder i'm always on my anon .
ileana ros-lehtinen : mitt romney , the clear choice for latinas
right time to get my vote off . romney it is .
you want to feel sorry 4 , defence so impregnable
very proud to be italian right now now let's graduate
[newsci] fighting fear , denial and death on ebola frontline : emergency nurse anja wolz , who is tending to the
fighting fear , denial and death on ebola frontline : emergency nurse anja wolz ,
do feel kinda bad for romney after that speech . but america made its choice , loud clear !
i was furious that he tried to remain positive . he should have called out the media , hammered benghazi and
happy st . patrick's day to my fellow irishmen and women . and also to my fellow red headed gingers . today is about us
st . patrick's day means luck of the irish on disney . :d
cnn look presidential during a disaster : with hurricane sandy slamming the east coast , president barack obama di
cnn : look presidential during a disaster : with hurricane sandy slamming the east coast , president barack o
we have generators ready to power all four stores if hurricane sandy hits . outside faucet water (for flushing
so where will hurricane sandy go ? right now , it looks like just about anywhere along the atlantic coast ..we'll have the latest
ok , so you won't be joining in but why can't we talk about it today ? are we focusing on ?
where is the financial fairplay ? you kill the football .
a google docs form was made , giving boston residents to share their contact information and open up their homes to marathon runners .
it my opinion that the attacks in boston were domestic terrorism .either way , it's really disgustinghow anyone could hurt ppl like this
current twitter sentiment score : arthur = 0.272 (up 0.02 ) vs . ebola = -1.014 (up 0.15 )
hey kaspersky , symantec : about that ebola virus : is there nothing you can do about that ?
seriously , can people stop tweeting to me about obama !
obama won that's it go about ya life .
ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in sier
ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak has died fr
what arrogance does obama draw upon 2 assume america's astonishing , beautiful black citizens both hate white's want their wealth robbed ?
we the people united we stand to save america vote for mitt romney rt rt
a british man was arrested after posting hostile tweets at muslims for brussels : shutterstocktwo particular
brussels attacks : pot-bellied recruiter who ordered bombings unmasked as belgian -
i'm dying and praying and begging and hoping that when the candidates come back to d .c. that katy accompanies obama so i can finally see it .
if obama wins , we all loose .
technology : breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-long investigatio
digitallife : breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-lo
well in my state of massachusetts . bitch stfu they voted for obama .
how ironic would it be if romney ends up with 47 % of the popular vote ?
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/clystmdfzz
also to aid nepal orphan home .
how about some thought on instead ? let's focus on the real issue at hand here .
lol . wilson's friends are now selling him out to get paid .
cherif kouachi , 32, older brother said , 34, suspected of charlie hebdo attack are dead : via
thank god the hostages appear to have been freed
as per tradition on this st patrick's day weekend .
u going out tonight for st patrick's day
the way the marathoners ran to help right awaybeautiful 3 video of the first explosion :
all my go to my fellow americans suffering in :'(
what the fuck were having a hurricane ..
we would have a hurricane on spirit week
yesterday's germany-portugal match and today's spain-italy one with all these madrid /barca players is making me miss la liga /cl
balotelli is the only interesting thing about this match
i hate to sound crazy but wat is
cricket celebrates muve music ; connects artists with music fans at sxsw - yahoo finance
back to a little earlier than planned . street station w / 4 others )
why y'all taken this sandy shit to the head ? lmfao tf . .
sick sick people out there , and all for what ?
our thoughts and prayers are with then people of boston now . a tragedy that should not have happened . god love them tonight .
match between italy and germany is soon . who do you think will win ? if italy wins , i have to drive around town with their flag :s
germany all u need to do is get an early lead or look like u will be the victors and italy will switch sides over to u .
they didn't die , they just only fly higher
the didn't die . they just fly higher .
i find the germanwings story utterly terrifying :
french mirage jet fighter seen by eyewitnesses following before crash .
i feel bad for them people in boston i swear , thats somee sad ass shitt
i have to stop reading all these reports about the boston bombings and looking at pictures . i'm upsetting myself so much by doing it .
3 mormon missionaries from utah injured in brussels attack
police across u .s. step up security after deadly brussels attacks
my brother father are denial about sandy coming .. little do they know
hope this hurricane starts after 1 because i need to charge my phone because i'm not home .
sign dedicated to me for st . patricks day !!
st . patrick's day story walk at today !
a4 . candles , prayers and clean water . q4 . tips for travelers affected by hurricane ?
just saw the concert 4 sandy commercial and thought of your 30 rock episode where u prerecorded one
inspired sun's splash headline is awesome 'barack four more '
love from holland , we're soooooo happy !#obama
praying for paris . we can get through this .
pray for paris . god be with you and everyone affected .
after '89 few thought china'd achieve global market power w /o regime change or hard currency . but they did .
how hypocritical of the west . britain never gave democracy to hk when it was in power . long live hong kong !
kim yuna donates $100,000 to earthquake-stricken nepal
new post : kim yuna donates $100,000 to earthquake-stricken nepal
the hurricane sandy tweets arent funny .
loooolllll these hurricane sandy tweets have me rolling (':
praying for the families involved in the boston marathon explosions
and fox news puts this idiot on tv -- erik rush : kill all muslims in response to boston marathon attack watch
happy st patrick's day to you and larry .. glad you are home with family
happy st .patrick's day from our green folk here at q1media !
just made my st . patricks day so much better
happy st . patrick's day to you too .ly
: breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-long investigatio
via breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption
it took months to admit pp benghazi trials were fear mongering . how long for the gop to admit the same for war vicitms ?
fascinating . managing a crowd - would you like to start a border crossing business ?
happy st .patrick's day from the wolverines !
happy st . patrick's day ! they are all refusing to look at the camera .
tomorrow is the most important day america get out and voteif you voting for romney ..then nvm don't vote .
let's state facts here guys , romney will win florida's popular vote all my neighborhood is filled with signs all
happy st . patricks day !! top of the morning to you !
happy st . patricks day some of the photos from the ennis parade
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola ou
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the eb via
water street is getting evacuated so no work tomorrow , tuesday , or wednesday for me . who's hurricane partying tonight ?
google canceled their event tomorrow cuz of the hurricane -___-
aaand happy st . patrick's day !
we hope you're wearing green today happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day have a good day at work .
happy st . patrick's day for all you irish and irish at heart !
have a rockin st patrick's day !! m / m /
happy st patricks day - burry
the st patrick's day celebrations begin ! enjoy everyone :)
idgaf about st . patricks day
41 dogs who are ready for hurricane sandy . best dog gallery ever :
th cutest : 41 dogs who are ready for hurricane sandy -
very scary for our canadian friends ! shooting at war memorial
rip to the brave soldier who was shot while standing on guard at the war memorial today . thank you for your service .
pets alive - hurricane sandy update :
mt nbc news has confirmed a total of 94 deaths , while the ap reports 4.6 million homes still without power .
be safe .we are in a state of prayers over here . we shall not sleep till evil is smashed .
my bosses coworker is from paris and her daughter called her in paris and said they were all on lock down at home
it should be illegal to make an irish girl work on st . patrick's day weekend
i'm irish and i haven't celebrated st . patricks day whatsoever :/
every news channel will be talking about the boston bombings for the next 24 hrs and then it will be forgotten about forever
how many of us are planning to run boston now ? i'm betting most !
it's late but happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from the , via ted mcnguyen
happy st . patrick's day from prairie trace .
happy , pretty st . patrick's day everyone .
congratulations , president obama ! looking forward to the next four years . :-)
you are aware that obama was voted in yeah ?
i didn't even know it was saint patricks day tomorrow lmao
happy st patrick's day to all of our followers ! and to all those playing golf today , may the luck of the irish be in your swing !
i knew torres would score once he was brought on , italy had no chance
well it was coming , well done torres .
raw storm hurricane b roll footage from yesterday 10 -26-2012
are you getting hit by .a hurricane ?
happy st patrick day niall just don't get too drunk okay luv yuh :-)
hoy toca celebrando st patrick day jeje
poland finished today with a draw :'( red card to the goalie !:'( nooooo
i think germany is going to win it all !
us aiding bid to stop spread of ebola in africa : us officials are closely
us aiding bid to stop spread of ebola in africa : us officials are closely monitoring the out via
rt my last tweet if you want some luck !because it's st . patrick's day :)
my st . patrick's day treat ! thank you ! :)
watching drinking coffee to keep me awake
look out for the acura nsx ad featuring jerry seinfeldi found it hilarious !lmao!
absolutely haunting photographs after israeli shells hit a port in killing kids
young relatives of 4 boys killed during israeli shelling cry during funeral in city via
praying for those who are injured , trapped , or lost thier lives and loved ones in !
last rt in response to climber at everest basecamp , scene of . heartwarming stuff
in wake of paris attacks , greenwald references brad - -
in response to the paris attack , 22 u .s states (so far ) want to close their doors to syrian refugees .nampak tak permainan depa
i'm glad to hear has flown away . i saw your blog it looks mad . are you at work tomz ?
my neighbor celebrates surviving hurricane by singing disco at top of his lungs . sadly , this is an improvement over his usual behavior .
thank you so much ! happy st .patrick's day to you and all !
its st . patrick's day and i have nothing green to wear ! :o
happy st . patrick's day , hawks !
decided to switch it up for st . patricks day !
cheshunt is twinned with stains , france , in northern paris .
while ppl worry abt i'm mad at the kenya polis for their terrorist habits of harassing young entrepreneurs
come on - time for you to win me some money .
i'm declaring now that holland is my team for the for the euro cup . i won't be a bandwagon fan when they win it all .
irish journalist blows open the paris isis false flag on //t.co/oczvujynym via
paris survivor pretended to be dead : survivors of the paris attack speak out with details of the ff : gospelgee
at least 120 dead after explosions , shootings rock paris : police | nbc new york via
paris attacks : at least 120 dead , hollande declares emergency
is there a uefa prize for the quietest stadium of the tournament ?
i thought that was in , lucky germans so close
brussels attackers linked to suspected nuclear plot : two of the men who detonated suicide bombs in belgium this week had conducted su
brussels attackers linked to suspected nuclear plot : two of the men who detonated suicide bombs in belgium thi
the one and only dave matthews warms up the amazing crowd in aurora for president obama !
watch live us election returns for president obama and mitt romney online - marketwatch (press release )
fox 25 news : police : at least 26 dead in paris , hostage-taking in theater (credit: ap )
thoughts are with everyone in paris and their family members right now . horrific .
my name sosa but you can call me sandy
sandy should've washed all of your buildings away
obama made me believe i can be /do anything i want
obama ,we seriously need you here !!
sandy is what i get for my bday ?
triple whammy is not a good thing to hear from the weather channel on sandy's reach !
in case you missed on the coned explosion
just qot home , sandy ain't playing lol
obama need to hurry up and give his speech !!!!
i'm just wondering where i can me some of that obama money ?
the attacks in paris have nothing to do with france .
thoughts prayers are with all of the victims and their families suffering from the tragedy that occurred in paris tonight .
'party girl ' suicide bomber and doctors strike : the aftermath of the paris attacks stays in the headlines , wit
'party girl ' suicide bomber and doctors strike : the aftermath of the paris
paris attacks : 8 terrorists are dead after attacks kill more than 150
aint this the truth-this is time for people to notice our similarities not exploit our differences
i almost for get !!! happy st patrick's day !!!!!
happy st . patricks day all . today is my 61 st birthday
atlanta after paris attacks , english soccer fans salute france by roaring out the 'mars
canada after paris attacks , english soccer fans salute france by roaring out the 'marse
white people got st . patricks daywe got cindon de mayo
st . patrick's day green beer !
fuck a hurricane sandy . that names not even intimidating .
tim kelly just informed me that hurricane sandy is forming a major fetchgretchen weiners would be proud
happy st . patrick's day ! have fun and stay safe out there !
happy st patricks day to all the irish out there !! and to everyone who is not irish as well
nepal : executive among hundreds deadfollow continuous coverage :
what items do victims in nepal need ?
good morning ! it's st . patrick's day . if you wear green to the store today you will receive a free irish goodie :) oh yeah !!!
last year on st . patrick's day mcdonalds ran out of shamrock shakes
my mom is really panicking about sandy . she's so dramatic :p
seeking refuge from sandy , it might be time to beat a hasty retreat to
nepal earthquake highlights dangers of dam-building in tibet - chinaf
still working through t relief recovery in nepal after two earthquakes .learn more -
difference is we have a chance to make things better tomoro poor old bradford doesn't . .
, yay or nay , kudos to the scottish people for spirited campaigning and a peaceful referendum .true democracy in action !#indyref
looks like , the hostages and the gunman will spend the night in lindt cafe , sydney
hoping everyone in sydney get through this safely
happy st . patrick's day ! today's a great day to sign up for our big fun run 5 k !
happy st . patrick's day ! here are some fun craft ideas to celebrate the holiday !
so officers in are verbally assaulting protesters ! what is wrong with them ? no discipline ! no professionalism !
coverage and video of officer who threatened you was just on cnn
my heart and prayers go to all the people in paris tonight
heart goes out to everyone in paris tonight such an unnecessary slaughter
top o ' the morning you ! happy st . patrick's day !got green ?
btw happy st . patrick's day i guess im not wearing any green :p
great name to give a hurricane ? , sandy
my thoughts do go out to the people that have been affected by hurricane sandy .
weakened typhoon hagupit still dangerous as it plods across philippines via los angeles times
weakened typhoon hagupit still dangerous as it plods across philippines (la times )
best ive ever seen lol
why couldn't they get a decent presenter like or
hurricane tax relief 4 info about filing payment extension eligibility relief for motor carriers , see here :
donate to operation hurricane sandy disaster relief at
nepal quake : california google employee killed hiking mt . everest
bbc : nepal quake relief drive intensifies
happy st . patricks day to all of my teambluke friends .
uhhhh happy st . patrick's day ?
4 yr sleepovr in england if romney wins .
obama has been working on this for the last 4 years and that's why he didn't have time to lead the country .
australian pm says tough new national security laws failed hostages : sydney (reuters) - tough new national sec
australian pm says tough new national security laws failed hostages : sydney (reuters) - tough new nation
how can spain play without a striker ?
is it me or do spain not have a striker starting
happy st . patrick's day , from the tac staff (and harper !)
st . patrick's inspired manicure today on the blog ! check it out :
mitt romney style ! love see someone do one called tony abbott style ! lol
it seems the most ppl in us are being so ingenuous ignorants , and believing the lies of mitt romney .please, america , vote decently : obama ;)
techspot - hurricane sandy damages crucial wireless and internet infrastructure
hurricane sandy damages crucial wireless and internet infrastructure : hurricane sandy left a
balotelli scores ! germany 0 -1 italy
goal ! germany 0 :1 italy . balotelli .
anyone with information on the bombings is being urged to call boston authorities at 1 -800-494-tips.
boston , my thoughts are with you . this is horrible .
hurricane sandy satellite photos : before and after via zero hedge $$
zerohedge : hurricane sandy satellite photos : before and after
the situation in paris is utterly horrific . thoughts going out to everyone . heartbreaking .
paris , you are in our thoughts . stay safe , stay strong .
is it a hurricane round dis bitch somewhere
this hurricane better not mess w / the electricity
can remember the days when i would watch every game of a major tournament . this time i quite frankly can't be arsed . a good omen ?
watching the beautiful game i am in heaven
he attackers were all french /belgian. but somehow still in the headlines .
cheesehead report - passport in paris attacks fuels fears of syrian refugees
rt i'm trying to go to sxsw one year
well in canadian terms , vancouver is south and west , so sxsw fits !
11 dead in from include a 4 month old baby .
hey new yorkers . don't let sandy stop you from voting . go tomorrow , go early , vote obama . from a floridian familiar with hurricanes . be safe
a great piece the boston marathon bombing : keep calm and carry on
right-wing terror attack most likely to blame for boston outrage , says counter-terrorism expert the independent
it's st .patrick's day the politicians are out in full force . coincidence ? (maybe, the primaries are tomorrow )
start your st . patrick's day off right with the re-broadcast of the . 9 am on cbs 3 .
prince cancels european tour in wake of paris attacks via .
fact magazine : prince cancels european tour in wake of paris attacks : the tour promoter explains
video shows devastation and terrain of where people still need food and shelter .
i just donated $100 towards earthquake relief in nepal through will you ?
omg madonna almost fell , she's getting old
madonna i fell in love with you again
airstrikes on city , and northern gaza (jabalia camp )
mads gilbert a norwegian surgeon travelled to to help in the treatment of the injured
had gov . romney been elected , he would have been my president . since mr . obama was elected , he is my president . i respe
day after obama gets reelected the dow is down nearly 300 points and most stocks are down because everyone is in fear and selling
good luck to obama .he's gonna need it .
hey !!!:) u proud of havn obama as a president ?????
thank you and voice for keeping me from doing homework , but still making it a great night .
one small step for one leap for eli !!!! eli's too elite to be beat .
happy st patricks day to u and your family from myself and kids
happy st patrick's day , everyone ! are we all wearing green ? good , good .
i think this is our generation first hurricane
hurricane or not .. i'm going to work 2 marr . rent due i need mines
is it me or are the itv commentators totally 'hating on ' torres ?!
torres looks like he's running in treacle
hurricane statement : hurricane sandy moving out of the bahamas as a category one . new information . updated watch
tropical storm watch : hurricane sandy moving out of the bahamas as a category one . new information . updated watch
i can't tell if it was sandy or a giant bald eagle that knocked that tree down cause i was asleep when it happened
like ive been saying sandy was sweet
ronaldo would have missed anyway
when ronaldo was a back bone but doesn't pull through ,what now he won't also be there for portugal
watching the chaos in paris from a news control booth is discombobulating .
praying for those around the world , paris , japan
happy st patrick's day to all and happy moone day
happy st patrick's day !! a pint of guinness after work for me !
obama got re-elected . no wonder the world is projected to end this year .
damn man obama must be poppin bottles right now cause he wont come out lol
on friday we had 20 some degrees (ducks to avoid thrown objects ) we do have a hurricane coming soon
my mommy was going crazy all through this hurricane .
happy st . patrick's day - night angel is released today ! via
happy st . patrick's day , baby irish !
cc : thanks - weathered sandy safely . kudos to local that reopened asap to serve the community .
no school tomorrow again ! sandy this could turn out to be a beautiful friendship
admire your courage in showing the covers on air today .
if your religious , political , or cultural regimes are frightened of being undermined by jokes - you have no regime .
happy st . patrick's day - to everyone who is irish and everyone who aspires to be irish today .
happy st . patrick's day to all celebrating - be safe out there !
as president obama is welcomed back into office for a second term , vira also welcomes our newest addition ;
good tbags ! bat crap crazy tbag allen west lost !! the only news better than that was pres !
happy st . patrick's day from liam the leprechaun !
happy st patrick's day ! seeing a band ? let us know who where using
yet that idiot altman on cnbc today stated as fact all the polls are for obama and he'll win easy .
obama vs . romney : who has better teeth ?
pilot screening questioned after germanwings flight 9525
pilot screening questioned after germanwings flight 9525 crash (cbs news ) $3 per year hosting
also , if i'm away from twitter a lot this week , it's mostly because i can barely stand the sxsw tweets .
there is a big difference between sxsw and sxswi . make that huge .
largest preemptive public transit shutdown in us ever - thoughts go out to transit workers families
sandy if you tryna be bad try changing to hurricane smash or crush or someshitlike sandy dawg you dound like a bitch
thats it . its official . portugal won . final score - denmark 2 - 3 portugal :)
portugal v denmark ! good game ! bring on netherlands v germany !
happy st patrick's day to all irish people and especially !!
i didn't even know it was st . patricks day lol .
- balotelli scores in the 20 th minute to give the lead to italy in the semi .
if balotelli smiled then its fucking special ! goal !
bulk cooking for the hurricane . just in case .
the dark lord who names hurricanes ? are people actually supposed to be intimidated by something named sandy ?
(droid life ) video : angry birds space preview from sxsw : we know everyone here has been dying to see what angry
video : angry birds space preview from sxsw
mormon teen who has survived three terrorist attacks gives an update on brussels bombing injuries
mormon teen who has survived three terrorist attacks gives an update on brussels b
not here muchcelebrating st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day . i like today's google page :-)
haha what the paid team of spewing :p
has its name in 2 dat's y saving colleague in crrption
stock markets on freefall amid concerns of lack of responsible fiscal policy . obama 2012 !
i still say obama can eat my shit
if america choose romney they're doomed
josh ugly ass votin for romney fuck ass -___-
horrible horrible news about the paris attacks ! literally do not feel safe anywhere anymore !
why do i see dan brown in my head sa mga posts about paris .
yes fingers crossed for that too ! happy st patricks day !
let's go st . patricks day !
bbc world : 78 dna strands found in alps crash - five days after the crash of germanwings flight 4 u 9525 in the fre
78 dna strands found in alps crash - five days after the crash of germanwings flight 4 u 9525 in the frenc
why do they have to have such elaborate opening ceremonies for these things !? can't they just say we declare euro 2012 open .
finally !! opening ceremony !! welcome euro 2012
it's your lucky day ! 60 % off everything ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day my irish bby !! :*
michelle yeoh , hollywood actress calls for nepal relief help .
join sunday may 17 th to help nepal earthquake victims wish i could go i will be sure 2 donate u can 2
obama re-elected ! whoopwhoop . i think that nialler is happy right now .
maybe now the political machine will put its full weight behind president obama
my goal for next year .. i will actually be able to drink on st . patrick's day
st . patricks day will never be the same without paddy's
horrible to hear what's happening in paris
damn all this crazy shit in paris
israeli airplanes launch a new airstrike at northern gaza . quds news network
israeli warplanes launch intensive airstrikes among strip .#gazaunderattack.quds news network
good morning and happy st . patrick's day ! are you wearing your green ???
happy st . patrick's day from our sailing family to yours !
happy st patricks day everyone !! especially you
to make you smile on st . patricks day
'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis ': as predicted , the suspect a
'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis '
three days after sandy , 659,000 coned customers in ny powerless : (reuters) - new york power company consolidated edison inc said thur
top news : three days after sandy , 659,000 coned customers in ny powerless : (reuters) - new york power company co
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rgz9jmwarm
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3apc4fr7h6
p muhammad saw pardoned those who exiled persecuted him when he reclaimed makkah
editor publisher : how reported .ly is covering the charlie hebdo shooting : first look med
, this isn't a st patricks day parade .
st patrick's day is my birthday , halllaaa !
my money is on obama ! good luck !
i absolutely love that our president , is on twitter . we love you obama ! 3
muller reus teaming up for germany !
- looking grim now . might be a lot more supporters in germany tonight ;)
anybody hear that rumble of thunder ? the gods are on the side of ukraine
attendance of zero at venue to watch journalists at work
happy st . patrick's day ! | via tumblr
ahhh . it's good to be irish on st . patrick's day .
update : nepal's home ministry raises the death toll from the latest earthquake to at least 36 . via
nepal (ap) - nepal's home ministry raises the death toll from the latest earthquake to at least 36 .
i should have known obama would win lindsey is never wrong
obama care goin help him out
dude . srsly ? mt romney camp now playing their campaign video from the rnc at their charity concert in oh
so the people who never really experienced a hurricane , now knows what the people who live in lousiana go through .
what are your plans for tomorrow's st . patrick's day ?
i wanted to go to slo for st . patrick's day so bad
there were 153 australians registered for , full list here : dfat hotline 1300 555
the verse of the day is very relevant to the things that went down today .
st patrick's day for my irish bff
st patricks day irish pub w / 10 others )
not funny of course , especially in this current climate of tension , but what a weird thing to have happen
hijack is over . police in the aircraft . hijacker in custody . all safe
our friend , is having a st . patricks day sale ! save $15 off their app for apple , droid , or kindle .
hopefully we're all having a great st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day !! hope everyone has some luck of the irish today ! cheers !
happy st patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish and the clutch of tom brady be with you , today and always .
happy st patrick's day ! who said beer ? !
st . patrick's day is a weird holiday
i so wish ukraine win tonight , go sheva score a brace ! :d
zlatan scores ! he's still shit though . he'd be better at ikea assembling flat-pack furniture . blind-folded .
interesting flicking between cnn and fox - former says obama is winning , latter says its romney
if obama doesn't win ima lose my internet connection -_-
report : convenience store manager terrified of being murdered by ferguson customers via
it's all such a touchy subject , so on a lighter note -
dc hospital $ paris attacks : late-night hosts share uplifting humor with heartfelt remarks
houston $$$$ paris attacks : late-night hosts share uplifting humor with heartfelt remarks
i want to celebrate st . patrick's day too .
i'd say my st . patricks day was definitely a fun one !
top o ' the mornin ' to ya . hope you have a happy st . patrick's day !
i actually had a green shirt out this morning i totally forgot about st . patrick's day .
are you at sxsw ? come and find us
still asking myself why i'm not at sxsw .
11 nov princess royal adm tim laurence to be at war memorial in ottawa for remembrance day ceremony .
cant believe the shit that went on today both in ottawa and in my life jesus what a day ..
yep i do happy st . patrick's day
st patricks day ayye turn up
is flag , bomb found in brussels raid
31 killed , many seriously injured in attacks international airport belgium
should be getting his fox news-ready resume typed up !
akin jokes might be best thing of on twitter .
st . mary's county preparations for hurricane sandy - southern maryland news
crazy what hurricane sandy is doing . stay safe everyone !!
yes sir sandy aint have shit on katrina
sandy and katrina do sound just alike
my usually peaceful saturday am trip to traders has been invaded by obsessive hurricane preppers .
they cancelled my trip to bmore cause of sandy .
st patrick ' day en brickell
gingers probably live for st patricks day
ahhh now that's better . happy st patrick's day
completely forgot today was st . patrick's day but wore a green sweater anyways
happy st . patrick's day from the oxford schools !!!
happy niall day happy st patrick's day
hey randy ! you gotta check out :) friends of mine , and one of rolling stone's 25 bands you must see at sxsw :)
road to sxsw has a stop in this crazy metropolis .
happy st . patricks day ! we're seeing green in the lobby :)
happy st patricks day fluffy i hope you have a good one
in stock now : souldoll 1 /4 43 cm arina n .l. body /normal skin /face-up and 47 cm shaun n .l. body /sandy brown
me and are hoping sandy pulls through for us today
happy superbowl sunday sisters ! just a reminder that there is no chapter tonight !
let's go new york giant
lindsay lohan tweets for calm ahead of hurricane sandy go
didn't think hurricane sandy would affect little ninja we were wrong :(
if this is the world we have created for our children then
rupert murdoch's ill-advised sydney siege tweet has sparked outrage
st patrick day trout from the sea
nothing like a little leprechaun to start off my st . patricks day !
especially when theres a hurricane outside
watch tyler oakley on twitcam !!!!! live on ) hes going to talk to about hurricane sally
can we just have monday off for st . patricks day ? i'm irish y'know
for st . patrick's day , $25 off tickets to the april 27 grand tasting
what is st . patricks day ? and why don't we have school off for it ?
i wish st . patrick's day could get us out of school
what a left-back alba is ! the new barcelona player scores his first goal for his country ..
i think it's official : my second son's name will be
'would trigger exodus of british expats from europe ' | via
'would trigger exodus of british expats from europe ,
happy st patrick's day muthafuckas
i'm on the bus heading to school . happy st . patrick's day !
: seattle teens missing after nepal quake presumed dead , families say : seattle (reuters via
seattle teens missing after nepal quake presumed dead , families say
hors jeu bitch . ahahahahaha . chie dans ton froc .
not sure they can though but sure hope they do !
nigeria : panic as ebola patient dies in lagos : [independent]abuja -a man identified as mr . patrick sawyer , a l
panic as ebola patient dies in lagos : [independent]abuja -a man identified as mr . patrick sawyer , a liberian , who
st patricks day 2015 . new york . 5 nights . return flights , transport , excursions , st patricks parade ,
no patrick is though , i'm on stuco so i get to help on the days
according to his wikipedia page , the sydney hostage-taker was persecuted in iran for being too liberal
named suspect as man haron monis - currently on bail for string of violent sexual charges .
happy st . patrick's day .love, tessie .
get your green on happy st .patrick's day .
real issues are on the economy and foreign policy which obama has ultimately failed miserably on
since being able to vote in 2000 i voted for gore in 2000, bush in 2004 and obama in 2008 . i have no allegence to any party whatsoever !
who ever made that hurricane sandy account is wack af
lol why does hurricane sandy have a twitter account
friends , family gather to mourn california student killed in paris attacks via mashable
friends , family gather to mourn california student killed in paris attacks buy
thank you everyone for your thoughts and prayers
back on stump after sandy , obama says romney's 'bet is on cynicism ' - cnn (blog): back on stump after sandy , obama
no more obama commercials on pandora anymore
i never lost faith in you obama .
chicago river goes green to celebrate st . patrick's day : the chicago river is turned green as part of annual s
chicago river goes green to celebrate st . patrick's day : the chicago river is turned green as part of
good morning . no power but hey the phones still work
..perhaps not a good joke when ppl are dying ! rt i think sandy is the best blow job you a
nato-official text what will nato do after
'dont use paris as an excuse for racism and war !' - anti-cnn protesters via youtube
happy st . patricks day ! great deal on guinness , smithwick's harp till the wee hours of the morning .
green ice cream floats today for $1.00 at walmart's spark cafe on the happy st . patrick's day !
what's up with all these girls voting for mitt romney ? watch this video
know at least 7 former o supporters voting romney . i'm persuasive .
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i are headed to miami beach today .
block , paper , scissors : happy st . patrick's day everyone !
ok i see paris everywhere . what happened ?
multiple paris terror attacks leave at least 120 dead france 24 : euro news :
seems the nyc st patrick's day committee are simply too ashamed to confirm that they will allow the psni to march but not gays or lesbians .
to our irish supporters and friends - happy st . patrick's day !
ffs she had to go back a long way in the photo album to dig that picture out ,at least her mortgage is paid off
those photos look like bob dylan , no ?
what they are doing to help nepal has nothing to do with what is happening here . again you are making it about you .
i am sure you have all heard about the horrifying earthquake which hit nepal on saturday . we are donating $1 for
and yet we forget about nepal
me too - the world is united in this difficult time for nepal .
i added a video to a playlist nepal earthquake kills over 1,500 people
i liked a video nepal earthquake kills over 1,500 people
you can vote so i don't mind that and of course obama !!!
niggas will make up the most ignorant shit for obama
**lewes ferry will suspend departures 6 pm tonight from cape may , nj 7 :45pm from lewes , de !
**lewes ferry will suspend departures 6 pm tonight from cape may , nj 7 :45pm from lewes , de ! via
watching the boston explosions , my brain just doesn't compute what is happening .
appreciate the moment of silence to pay respects to those in boston at the start of the conference today
polands number 11 looks like olic
in what universe was that a free kick to poland ?
basically , if you're voting yes , fine .but vote yes for the right reasons , not short term emotive party politics .the world changes .
my postal vote last week now seems a bit flat kinda wish i had been there to make my mark in person today
happy st patricks day ! looking forward to su tonight
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! great buffalo tradition !!
bill thompson to tank in polls now bec he said he would get rid of ray kelly . maybe the terrorist picked on boston because ny was too tough ?
my thoughts and prayers go out to the good people of boston .
republic of ireland 1 -2 croatia (half time )
half time in poznan , ireland 1 -2 croatia
# sandy is on her away here take cover
smt , another hurricane need to pass through again . this one was boring -.-
if you are caught taking photos of your ballot just know its a felony you vote won't count . just take a pic of your sticker .
dear america , please be smart today .please.
happy st . patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish , be ever in your favor .
happy st .patrick's day to all ! remember to wear green , i am !
(-.-) (-.-)/ (/-.-)/ (-.-)/ my hurricane danceschool better be cancelled
yall freaking out about school , the hurricane aint even start yet
good morning !! :) any fun plans for today ? it is gloomy here today . hope you don't get hit by hurricane sandy !
executive ken ulman meets with officials this morning to discuss preparations for hurricane sandy .
yes if he wants to be free to campaign for can't keep a good man down
uk farmers launch campaign for uk to stay in eu , warn against trade risks of
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police
i just had the best st .patrick's day with my best friend , i need more days like this
it's 4 :40 and i just found out it's st . patricks day
i want thim to put llorente on !!
we can swear on twitter though lawro . you're a cunt !!!
paris french police are storming the concert hall to free hostages !
: french police are entering paris concert hall where hostages are trapped
to all displaced by sandy still got out to vote-thank you .
okay we all know that on friday we won't care who won the election
i just posted a hurricane sandy update , including my prediction for its impact on elections and economy . check it
we're en route to nyc for marathon . passed a convoy of hydro quebec trucks heading there too for post - sandy help . nice to see .
the hurricane was a gift from so i could stay up tbh . ty .
it's 1 am and a hurricane is cominglets pick on some random shit and blow it way out of proportion . good idea .
instead of just changing our profile pictures to paris themed , let's all stand together , pray together , and fight against this terrorism .
same one as was just reported as fake ?
st patrick drove out the pagans - not the snakes
playing on st . patrick's day ? join us here are some players of interest by
fake ass hurricane is on it's way
yeah cause that make so much sense i enjoy frolicking around outside in the middle of a god damn hurricane
i am so excited but it's past my bedtime ;) scotland be brave , be a change-maker but above all be respectful of each other
i respect the idea of an independent scotland but it seems no one has thought through the plan if it happens .
a special prayer goes out to those being affected by hurricane sandy .. be safe y'all ..
due to hurricane sandy , the ceci new york offices will be closed until further notice . however , we are working
this rob lowe post has the left shitting in it's shoes . mangled bodies strewn about paris , but no . this is too much .
my prayers for all of you people in paris .
prayers and thoughts go out to everyone in paris and france .
wow what a shitty friday the 13 th ! shooting in paris , earthquake tsunami warning in japan :( this sucks ..
germanwings crash might have been deliberate
the truth behind the germanwings crash revealed . read here :
hurricane sandy in haiti . stillness in the middle of the storm :)
oh sandy girl get off my street
i don't remember st patricks day ever being like a weekend long event in the past .
hmm wonder if it will work when i go to work tomorrow that he can take the day off since its st . patrick's day
boston bombing was cruel not only because it killed made people amputees but also they are runners . that was t
spent a short time in boston years ago . beautiful city with rock-solid people . hate hearing news like this .
crying tintin cartoon blankets social media after deadly brussels terror attacks - cnet : a p via
compusellusaa - crying tintin cartoon blankets social media after deadly brussels terror attacks - cnet : a pop
4 -0 for spain . men of the game : the irish supporters !
that's what we're talking about ! cc
being on the verge of tears all day sucks .
my prayers go to boston and my family there .
hurricane sandy instant news on your phone http
i hope niggas hyping this hurricane up lik they did the last one cuz i ain't wit this stuck at work ish smh
lmfaoooo he said hurricane katrina
this nigga just said hurricane katrina
7.7 -magnitude quake off canada's coast triggers tsunami warning , plus hurricane sandy is running up the east coast wtf is going on earth ?
gonna get windy at my house !
that mott rimney lad doesn't even get his election guff in the us . rimney buys chinese , obama buys american
todays news headlines - (06/11/2012) president barack obama and republican challenger mitt romney en
there she blows . view of the crane from my office .
news : bellevue hospital now being evacuated
literally none of these people are anywhere near nepal fuck off and stop doing it this is actually a serious situation
people marking themselves as safe in nepal as a joke are vile , get some respect
deadliest ever ebola outbreak 'needs drastic action ': bleeding eyes . organ failure . up to 90 % of people who
follow frederick_x 5 deadliest ever ebola outbreak 'needs drastic action ': bleeding eyes . organ failure . up to 9 follow frederick_x 5
happy st . patrick's day from sixteen 19 !!
are you making a special dinner tonight ? happy st . patrick's day !
okay .. were dedicated and protective over the lads .. but think about the guys in boston who are crying because their loved ones have
another day , another tragedy . when will it end ?
green is the perfect shade for st . patrick's day and beyond ! check out our green picks here :
wire : pub crawlers convene in uptown for st . patrick's day - wcnc :
happy saint patricks day to all ! especially you
happy st patricks day wherever you may be celebrating !
anti-isis firefight near turkey border
isis fighting near turkey-syria border
min 68 : germans not goin up wid da ball in numbers dey happy 2 play safe
soon footie will have less contact than ballet . it is ridiculous . let them play ref !!!
bad sign ? obama ends campaign in half-empty arena
i saw a group of black ppl protesting obama today .. even though politics have no racial claim i still wanted to throw up seeing it .
make it a good st . patrick's day monday . here's your planner .
dublin history ~st patricks day parade 1960 's
ebola invades 'the new york times ' sunday crossword via
npr news : ebola invades 'the new york times ' sunday crossword
via on isis , barack obama refuses to lead : following the isis attacks on paris ,
on isis , barack obama refuses to lead : following the isis attacks on paris , to say that presid
i'm starting to turn down lol i need romney to bring his behind out already so i can see president obama !
hey romney , can you concede already so we can hear our president speak ?
missy stuffdog celebrates st . patrick day at parade
swamp family green hair . happy st .patricks day from us swamp family in ireland :)
there is no good without evil , and as long as there is good it will always win
send your prayers to the people in sydney more than the people who aren't even there
anyone who's lived in hong kong will know how unpleasant rain can be in humid weather !
my friend on how do you define chinese ?
happy saint patrick's day it a beautiful blessing
happy saint patrick's day to all of my friends of irish heritage .
wait - what ?! it's st . patrick's day ? i always forget all those dates everyone usually knows
for st . patricks tonight !!!! free entry before 11 with student card ! get downnnnn
thers a storm coming from the west and the hurricane from the south . it should hit monday 2 am 40 -60mph winds 10 -12 inches rain
hurricane sandy for halloween . you're welcome .
great win for ireland in the six nations enjoy st patricks day on monday folks
you could be in with the chance of winning a samsung galaxy tablet at our st patricks weekender !!
it's saint patrick's day and people still have their christmas lights up ..
at work . happy st . patrick's day !!!
we may not convince you but we can out vote you
either vote straight party or obama /biden.. voting for both will eliminate your vote .. the machine will not pick it up
sandy your not wanted , please leave asap
get some sun at lunch today . the rain will hide it for the next few days in the eastern time zone . hurricane sandy + arctic blast
new post : hurricane sandy leaves 11 dead in cuba
think the crawler rollout speed for shuttle on its space journeys , was quicker than my morning commute due to hurricane
boston police will now allow runners back into hotels , but only after going through thorough check points .
boston police : no arrest has been made . ny post have you heard of journalism integrity , really ?
thank you to those that came out to enjoy a great workout , st patrick's day crafts mommy social time ! you make
who doesn't want to spend st .patrick's on a ten hour bus ride ?
now this hurricane has really gotten to me because of the sat situation pretty upset right now
i am checking to see that those affected by with have access to safe foods /formula
it is now time for spain vs italy !!
got a feeling spain vs italy is going to be a good'un !
president hollande : a state of emergency will be declared across . borders will be closed also .
state of emergency declared throughout france , borders closed .
a blessed and happy st . patrick's day to all !
the irish in me says happy st patricks day !
world :: superstorm sandy death toll continues to rise
obama tours disaster zone as sandy''s toll mounts
it's weird that i'm not in whitewater celebrating st . patrick's day .
i'm going to go celebrate st . patrick's day with mexican food .
ahmed the dead cop , the ingrained future implosion of islam : muslims killing each other .
nothing is more hopeless than man's inhumanity to his fellow man
[voa] west africa ebola outbreaks spur rising international sos inquiries
west africa ebola outbreaks spur rising international sos inquiries - voice of america
vote obama god bless ..love you grandma , keep lookin out for me mwahhhhhhhhh
d-day in the usa . you still can obama . just do it !
the media is seriously so biased towards obama
obama has been endorsed by putin castro chavez and the cpusa . romney endorsed by chuck norris . ;o))
it's our st . patrick's day mega sale - up to 50 % off + free gift ! 100 s of prices slashed this weekend only -
no pipes today , but there will be tomorrow at the st . patrick's day parade in aldershot . domhnall will be there as well !
all my friends in nepal are safe !
ok i was looking for a way to get back to nepal . i wanted to help my people . guys if u'r thinking alike plz read
absolutely but please remember to get out and vote on 23 rd june 2016 !every vote counts !#brexit
just please remember to get out and vote on 23 rd june 2016 !#brexit
breaking : camp needs to know if is a boy hurricane or a girl hurricane so they know whether to be anti-gay or
i know how you feel about hurricane's so i wanted to let you know that there's a huge hurricane in philly right now .
deepest condolences to the whole passangers family of plane a320 germanwings which is crashing in france , may their soul rest in peace ~
germanwings says plane crashed after eight-minute descent via
german authorities have reportedly arrested three people near aachen in connection with the paris attacks . [ap]
justice for the paris your profile like my profile #:o :-/ :-c o_o 3 :-v b -) =-o :-* :-$
hollande orders french borders closed ; paris under mandatory curfew
join the world in .. i honestly don't exactly know what happened , just some of it but i pray for paris
just like that innocent lives are gone . just like that . pray for boston and palestine .
just saw someone say the bombing in boston as a result of bible /prayer not being allowed in public schools .
thanks to for constantly tweeting recipes all day - i am now upgrading my deviled eggs for stuffed mushrooms
fact : average american will consume 1200 calories in snacks alone - msnbc
i now read video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippines and
video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippi
a canadian soldier was shot outside a war memorial this morning in ottawa . i'm sickened that someone would do that .
gunfire on parliament hill ; canadian soldier shot at war memorial
welcome to linda ikeji's blog : paris attacks : french national anthem will be sang by all premier
paris attacks : french national anthem will be sang by all premier league clubs this w
it's st patrick's day ! who's ready to take part in some shenanigans ?!
i almost forgot happy st . patrick's day :)
happy st . patrick's day ! hope you have the luck of the irish today !
happy st .patrick's day to all ! load up on the green bear ! later
happy st . patrick's day . may luck and love be yours .
happy st patricks day to all our irish followers have a good one !
if you have to debate whether they're actual tanks , you've already lost the reason for the debate
the fire next time by james baldwin should be mandatory reading for white people .
airlines cancel pittsburgh flights as sandy approaches (bizjournals): share with friends : | | top news - indus
- airlines cancel pittsburgh flights as sandy approaches (bizjournals): share with friends : | | top
atr newsimpact in australia and an update video on nepal !
death toll in nepal still rising after devastating earthquake .
woke up to the horrific news of the terror attack in paris . a shame to hear such act of cowardice
rudyrasmus's photo pray for paris pray for the world . big crazy love !
it's all to play for on the final day of group a . poland 1 -1 russia .
ft : poland 1 -1 russia . game of the tournament so far .
what a run from jordi alba for the second goal
alba you beauty ! what a goal !!!
i hope this hurricane come because in standing outside naked just to say i did
bitches be likeit feels like a saturdayy !! havefun twerkin with hurricane
now that obama knows that 49 % of americans are against him , what's he gonna do about it !
yo ! where the party tonite .. mr barack obama ?
sandy is the way god is showing hes pissed his son tebow is not starting on the jets
superstorm sandy victims are in my prayers .
cnn headline news : states hit by sandy and snow
hurricane sandy = my sister baking whatever she can as fast as she can .
alaska $$$ nepal hit by devastating earthquake , rattles mt . everest and neighboring india
tv nepal hit by devastating earthquake , rattles mt . everest and neighboring india
update : hurricane patricia losing steam in mexico but still poses threat - see more at :
video : hurricane patricia weakens after hitting mexico : the powerful hurricane patricia that slammed into mexi
new post ! ~ happy st . patricks day from
happy saint's patrick day !!!! everyone is irish today !!!!!
always survieing like a boss fuck mono fuck huricain sandy you can al kiss my ass
latest - scotsman michael mclaren lives in manhattan . he's found a sense of community around east village .
what are the odds on balotelli getting a daft 2 nd booking and missing the final ?
i think is taking their nice , slow , sweet time so won't get a chance to score . i love it :)
you are looking quite lovely . you doing anything for st . patrick's day ?
st . patrick's day at the ipswich inn via
happy saint patrick's day ! everyone is a little irish today , go celebrate your heritage the best way you know
happy st patrick day to everyone ! (midnight's fact : he is a half irish .)
fantastic seeing back together on brilliant st patricks show
st . patrick's day = jimmy buffett concert . guys walking around wearing kilts = guys wearing grass skirts and coconut bras .
hurricane sandy was kinda sorta strong :
lord cover these targeted victims of hurricane sandy under your precious blood
the way people are dressed you'd think st .patricks day was today
just found out the real meaning of st . patricks day
italy has the best national anthem in the world
spain vs italy , so many centuries of anti-semitism who to root against less ?
controversial st . patrick's day fare
good times happy st . patrick's day !
tomb of the unknown soldiers stand guard during hurricane sandy
sandy has to be the least intimidating name for a hurricane ..
my birthday is on st . patrick's day and i think i'm the only one who didn't celebrate lol
buffalo's shortest st . patrick's day parade .
uk to double cyber-security funding , push syria vote post-paris : london : britain vowed on tuesday (nov 17 ) to
uk to double cyber-security funding , push syria vote post-paris : prime minister david cameron also announced h
sydney you know you wanna come !
in royal botanical gardens sydney - beautiful !
obama workers in richmond , va tell me turnout unbelievably high in black neighbourhoods . poss 75 -80%
while you're watching coverage tonight , make sure the lights in other rooms are turned off . saves energy !
michael vazquez : sxsw flashback /nyc premiere tonight : guy maddin on obsession and movie-making as aversion therapy (video): i think i
michael vazquez : sxsw flashback /nyc premiere tonight : guy maddin on obsession and movie-making as aversion thera
looking at pictures of the aftermath of hurricane sandy and all i can do is get on my knees and pray .
god bless you ! take care ! i've heard on news that the hurricane sandy is going all the way to canada ! be safe ! love you lots !
focus on preparation , not sandy : usually by tuesday , he has some idea . some notion about the potential
focus on preparation , not sandy : usually by tuesday , he has some idea . some notion about the pote
mashable : belgian government advised subway shutdown 20 minutes before maelbeek station attack
belgian government advised subway shutdown 20 minutes before maelbeek station attack by mashable
prosecutor : co-pilot made 'deliberate attempt ' to crash germanwings plane . what .the.actual.fuck.
geonews : co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings plane : prosecutor
my little leprechaun best st . patrick's day picture
we're wearing our green for st . patrick's day !
why are some israelis gloating over the paris attacks ?
thanks shaun . and you had a wonderful link to that father and son interview from paris . thanks for posting that .
happy st . patrick's day . nothing like starting the day with an earthquake while shaving
happy st . patrick's day ! come and get lucky at million thai restaurant bar !
the only time my mom buys yummy food
one quick run to mickey d's before this nigga sandy comes
dtn world news : nepal quake aid effort stepped up : international efforts to bring aid to nepal are stepped up
bbc news : nepal quake aid effort stepped up : international efforts to bring aid to nepal are stepped up as the
so , the 8 yo in the boston marathon's id'd and via a 24 yo intentionally jumped to his death 6 stories below . bad day already .
boston pd commissioner : this is probably one of the best-photographed areas of the country yesterday ; intend to go th
happy st . patricks day ! tumblr is being less friendly this holiday
if i was a midget i'd dress up as a leprechaun on st . patricks day and go pinching people not in green .
wounded , our journalist gives his account of the attack on the
paris , nyc , wash d c , cannot carry guns obvious why isis wants to target these areas . easy target practice no self defense ! sad
is it bro patrick's day again already ?
i dont know if i have homework and i dont want to check , so off to get st . patricks day gear i go :d
eli manning 75 % comp pct is the best in a with at least 40 attempts - espnstatsinfo
so i missed due to a glitch but i am proud of little manning ! way to go !!
hurricane sandy . hopelessly devoted to creating 1 billion in damage .
hurricane sandy sounds like a bitchass hurricane .
my 9 :30 class was cancelled . woot woot !! going back to bedddd
omg is it true that the world trade center site in nyc is flooded due to ? :o i just saw pics ..worried! does anyone know if it's true ?
i hope the sydney crisis ended peacefully when i wake up . take care , one and all . goodnight .
we're following the latest developments on the hostage situation in sydney , plus severe weather you wouldn't expect in dec . on
via where 2016 candidates stand on syrian refugees after paris attacks
where 2016 candidates stand on syrian refugees after paris attacks : should we or shouldn't we ? here's what 11
happy st . patricks day ! i'll be excepting my pot of gold in cash now , thanks :d
what an absolute treat to see looking spectacular two days in a row :) happy st . patrick's day xx
happy st patrick's day ..from ocean grove ! :-)
as i've been saying all day , happy american st . patrick's day ! :)
springsteen , jay-z , put the pop in obama rally - huffington post : ctv newsspringsteen , jay-z , put the pop in obama rallyhuffington po
everybody needs to vote for obama if u haven't already
irish dancing bears happy st patricks day !
happy st patricks day to all , especially those on far flung shores
happy st patricks day to all our lads away
happy saint patricks day from waterford . may the roof on your house never fall in ,and those within it never fall out !
need help /want 2 help in nyc , nj , other spots ? we're connecting ppl . //t.co/kupzut6n
need help /want 2 help in nyc , nj , other spots ? we're connecting ppl . //t.co/9bcnehal
video : hurricane weakens but flood fears remain : hurricane patricia makes landfall in western m
i now read video : hurricane weakens but flood fears remain : hurricane patricia makes landfall in western mexic
happy st . patrick's day !$3.00 standard constructed tonight at 7 :00pm! player's that sign up with a mono-green
half price food for non sense holidays is something i will miss about america .
hurricane sandy is attacking my home
its like sandy has one big dick and shes waving it everywhere and canadas getting the very wet end of it .
foreign companies scrapping paris events after terror attacks : while france and europe via
all kicking off in paris this morning
sandy you did your job , so you can leave now . thanks :)
there's no fucking shool i've never been so damn happy in my life bless you , sandy , bless you
on the 5 th day of christmas my gave to me - 5 gold rings !
any experienced specialist around ? we want you !
joe bonamassa - whos been talking - sydney 2014 :
google news : breaking news : no explosive devices found in sydney cafe siege : australian - reuters
bummer , nyc , nyu langone hospital , located downtown is evacuating patients , as reported by abc eyewitness news ny . ch7 .
i'll let this lady bug stay in my room for the night . it's better than being outside in that hurricane
shevchenko rediscovered his chelsea form there .
really wish shevchenko had finished there .
us warns against traveling to ebola-hit countries : us issues highest-level trav
us warns against traveling to ebola-hit countries : us issues highest-level travel warni
thanks for this - just one very good reason why i wouldn't be voting for romney if i had the opportunity !
our children will be paying the debts you created , vote romney
has van persie forgotten how to score a goal
if netherlands wins it would make me happierr !
andreas lubitz is a terrorist !what is his religion !!!!! jewish !!i demand it to be reported on the front pages of msm !!!#germanwings
germanwings crash : andreas lubitz phantom ex mary w . and msm bullshit !
update france launches air strikes in syria ; paris investigation widens
president obama orders american flag lowered to half-staff in honor of paris -
this is all i see when people say hurricane sandy -
really happy to hear that is broadcasting with and restarted my xm just to hear their thoughts on sandy
this is a shortened version of the clip i was talking about
how many no voters does it take to improve the world ? no voters are all chicken shits .
view some photos of hurricane patricia that were taken from space here :
i hope everyone in mexico is going to be alright , hurricane patricia is the most powerful hurricane ever recorded
surely not hard to understand why bomb in beirut is less newsworthy , in uk , than mass murder on streets of paris ?
beautifully written blog about by my colleague
breaking news : co-pilot in germanwings crash hid medical condition from employer , documents show
bloomberg breaking news : french prosecutors find torn-up sick note of germanwings co-pilot for day of crash
today is croatia - italy on can't wait ! go croatia !!
italy vs croatia today , italy for the win !!
hh3 is on broadway 55 st . hh2 is on murray west st . get ur happy st patricks day
*previous seven tweets are a attributed to st . patrick
i almost forgot happy st . patrick's day guys
those three beers may get consumed tonight . it's not because of st . patrick's day . it's because i'm angry , stressed frustrated .
boom ! happy st . patrick's day ! please follow me ..
yes i am wearing green ! happy st . patrick's day !#greeneverywhere
just been referred to as 'the scum of society ' from nigel griffith
there are 5 more hours to in the . scotland , you can do it !
new st . patrick's day rule : run then beer .
happy st . patrick's day ! river
i don't think i've seen one update from any news media in my feed yet . shameful .
talkin to my pana who was born in the 40 s was a young man as i am during the civil rights movement smhi pray for stl
went to a concert last night . also yesterday was st . patrick's day !
thanks to all the study buddies who came down last night and made st . patrick's day so memorable !
french police identify 3 suspects in attack at charlie hebdo that killed 12 : french police o via
via toi news french police identify 3 suspects in attack at charlie hebdo that killed 12 : french police offici
happy st . patricks day i have red hair .
why doesn't have a st . patrick's day parade ? did we ever ?
i know i finally have a saturday night off , and its st patrick's day weekend , but seriously bed so comfy
at patricks day party shrine center
happy st . patrick's day ! ulster is ireland .
ps happy st patrick's day !
infowars feed : bookies back obama to defeat romney
why do you think rand paul endorsed romney .. if not , not allowed to run gop .
obama has 431 ways to win but romney has 76 ways to win ! interesting graph
honestly whether romney or obama wins it aint gonna change my life very much at all . i dont agree with romney but may the best man win
thank god my cousin and his wife are okay ! they were running in the boston marathon !
great updated thread of news on reddit : boston marathon explosions - live update thread #3 : news -
[news update ] | ebola virus : west african health ministers to establish $10m fund |via daily times
ebola virus : west african health ministers to establish $10m fund
yay i get to vote for obama tomorrow . godfather hugh told me voting was important and i needed to not come into work until i got it done .
and sadly . we will have romney as our president . anyone challenging that , put your money up . i'll be glad to take your dough .
media is a joke bro , chennai will not give them trps and reporting the replays of same paris attacks will give them
exploiting emotions about paris to blame snowden , distract from actual culprits who empowered
egyptair hijacking ends with suspect in custody egyptair flight 181 was headed from alexandria to cairo but was forced to land in cyprus .
egyptair hijacking ends with suspect in custody : egyptair flight 181 was headed from alexandria to cairo (npr)
the elections over obama won all the romney supporters quit crying you'll live , it's time to move on with our lives .
this is what scares me about obama
bbcworld : the moment nepal's earthquake hit my home
now - the moment nepal's earthquake hit my home
poland 1 - 0 greece . poland to win (:
europe is truly where gud futball is played ====#euro2012
i ate too much to make up for not drinking during st patricks day
are you feeling lucky ? ::save green on for st patricks day
happy st . patricks day guys , i dont celebrate it but yeah
happy st . patrick's day , the day when we celebrate our heritage and everyone else gets drunk .
angry birds , grilled cheese : sxsw highlights : as sxsw , or south by southwest interactive , winds down in austin ,
[abc-tech] angry birds , grilled cheese : sxsw highlights : as sxsw , or south by southwest interactive , winds down
happy st patrick's day thanks for taking lady to great courses through the year .
happy st patricks day everyone . plenty of great cocktail inspirations in office with this theme in mind !
praying hard for paris right now
pray for paris . thinking of everyone who is there .
hurricane sandy liveblog : which way is sandy headed ? the latest 'frankenstorm' track (+video
hurricane sandy liveblog : which way is sandy headed ? the latest 'frankenstorm' track (+video): a frankenstorm ? t
october auto sales : bruised by sandy , but still strong
rt : october auto sales : bruised by sandy , but still strong : the fury of superstorm sandy--wreak
happy st . patrick's day ! did you remember to wear green this year ?
happy st . patrick's day from calysto communications !
chikungunya kicked our butts in haiti ..hope ebola stays away !!!
video : nigeria takes ebola precautions nigerian authorities have taken a range of measures after a man died of
looks like everything from c'ville northward is shut down tomorrow , going to be an interesting few days .
journey w /special guests pat benatar ft neil giraldoloverboy on 10 /30 ctr is cancelled due 2 refunds of purchase
obama team attacks romney for hurricane sandy charity | conservative byte
fema wins praise , responds to anger about gas supply .
breaking : leaked campaign ad never aired (blaming for this one )
which equals little peace and no security for many countries of the world .#election2012
i can't remember the last time i had a good st . patricks day ..
have a happy st .patrick's day i'm already seeing things upside down
my donation to the obama-biden administration .
romney will only release 2 years of conceding
ima discover the next hurricane so it could be hurricane juwelz . yuh dun knuh
i hear sandy knows how to blow
i still plan on going to paris in two years . nothing keeping me away from that beautiful city .
fucking terrorists man .thoughts and prays go out to the lost and the injured in paris
maybe they needed something green for st patricks day ??
a night off on st patricks day , can't beat that !
the choices we make now will define ireland as a nation for decades to come
: and that marks the start of what is expected to be a three week election campaign .
katrina went after the blacks , sandy went after the jews . after an earthquake on the west coast gets the gays , we'll be all square .
finally someone to verify the real sandy storm photos from the fake !
vs . isn't just d vs . r , it's progress vs . personal gain . is in it for us , not himself .
make sure today you and go . whether its for or your vote counts !
gary rothfeld obama's critics , repudiated at last : gary rothfeld cnn
gary rothfeld no shortage of pressing issues for obama's next term : gary rothfeld cnn
sandy bringing life-threatening storm surge : hurricane sandy is barreling its way northeast , and residents of th
sandy bringing life-threatening storm surge : hurricane sandy is barreling its way northeast , and residents of the mid-atlantic coast
your trying to ball today fuck hurricane sandy
its a problem when i see sandy !!
thats the idea -let's gang up on ukipwe're forced to have them on panel so make it as bad as pos for them .
students on bus having discussion about . good debate until one of them referred to ireland and northern ireland being part of the uk
1 /2 of y'all dont know politics , and the other 1 /2 just voting for obama because he's black .
if our gov and econ teachers , who know everything about politics , and are , it seems like , voting for obama , that must say something !
pretty sure that's not how most of them feelbut let's not act like there are people tweeting that the paris attack is
reflections on , from a muslim hui who grew up in sichuan , china :
this is the day when people of inregrity will vote their conscience . if you believe in women's rights , vote obama . if not , then .
lmao u niggas betta vote for obama lmao o
germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz had been treated for suicidal tendencies
: prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot was treated years ago for suicidal tendencies : via
living in the ? how do you want the to turn out ? or ? i'd like to talk to you
if u have any trouble voting or if u witness acts of voter suppression call election protection hotline at 1 -866-our-vote
hold up , is today st . patrick's day
people already celebrating st . patrick's day . get me out of here .
were exploring the creek during the hurricane tomorrow
in new york there's going to be a massive hurricane !
never be afraid to speak or bare the pain .
in case you missed it , check out some of these images from the protests in last night . more here
happy st . patrick's day ! wear something to work .
happy st . patrick's day !!!: every year on march 17, the irish and the
just saw tweet thanking journalists risking their lives . insane that journalists even have to risk their lives .
how long are we going to sit watch all of this go down in before it's stopped ? this is insane .
happy st patrick's day hoy sii
happy st . patricks day , oh and watch out for leprechauns !
129 killed in paris now 31 killed in brussels .by isiseurope has no control . us . change it so all passports coming in us be verified ..
how bout you secure your unhelpful thoughts in your head and patrol what comes out your mouth .
yeah ! omg like i'm hella nervous both my parents are trying to leave the country if romney wins
obama had his chance , it's romneys turn
why is my dad mad ? i wouldn't be able to go to college if romney woulda won . .
jeana did you want obama to win ? saaan !!
i just now realized st patricks day is tomorrow oh well
happy st patricks day for tomorrow enjoy the parade
saw an old piece of mail yesterday from ec boe encouraging ppl to get absentee ballots . blatantly pro-romney . cant be right .
ask them to explain we didn't beat obama when he not only got millions of less votes than 08, he got less votes than bush 2004 .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ljeui01jvh
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/isccbl48de
st . patricks day 2014 university of illinois marching illini
why didn't they call you patrick ?
we'd pit our handsome irish triplets against your 3 any day ; ) via
do the irish actually celebrate st patrick's day , or is it just an excuse for white americans to be drunk ?
no fair everyone is getting off school for this hurricane
lmfaoo nigga tell the say i gat real problems wit my penis anno tru diss hurricane !! da woman buss out laughin
better replace the police with more professional , less impulsive law enforcement officers before more die , including the police .
this is really getting out of controlhow many protesters are they gonna arrestbut still not arrest darren wilson
i'm not saying it wasn't horrible but just think , these people are actually devoted their lives to the public of ottawa right now
would 0 bama call today's ottawa murder 'work place violence ' if it happened here ?
it's time for that 2 nd half blow-out that brady is so good at .
pats open 2 nd half of with 79 yard drive and go up 17 -9.
[engineeringnews] global risks bolster gold , oil after paris attacks : gold and oil edged up
global risks bolster gold , oil after paris attacks : gold and oil edged up in nervous trading on monday followi
in sandy's wake : obama needs smooth recovery , romney can't look too political : first thoughts : it's a h (plz rt )
sandy thought she was bouta be like katrina
happy st . patrick's day from brooks brothers
we are happy to welcome all of our new patients ! have a safe and great st . patrick's day !!
evangelicals turn to ohio for stealth surge for romney
talk abt ohio romney , no mention of the jeep lies ??
6,2 million homes still without power in new jersey
oh yea its halloween .. doesn't feel like it thanks to hurricane sandy
broadway is shutting down tonight tomorrow in preparation for hurricane sandy . info on getting refunds e
hurricane party ! grilling tacos and watching a scary movies . evacuees welcome .
happy st . patrick's day ! we baked traditional irish soda bread and delicious iced shamrock sugar cookies for you !
happy st patrick too bby 3
i'd really love it if sandy came and fucked our school up so there would be no school .
ocean water as its submerged thanks to sandy
inverclyde coming in . votes no by less than 100 votes !
inverclyde - that's a very close vote . but it is another vote for no .
it's global warming , stupid says it's time for policymakers to discuss climate change again post sandy
the boss bon jovi and billy joel gonna do a benefit concert for sandy that's what's up
doing clothing inventory thanks sandy . so this is how boring the other side of the business is
my prayers to those affected by sandy smh
on my way home from the a ,,,,,had a million stop , damn sandy
climate silence no more as sandy rips through the east coast : there's a question i often pose to my undergrad st
right now in a live interview with bloomberg on the . .
gud news 4 all the volunteers those who want to serve the humanity in nepal ..
social media helps make hurricane even bigger news .
show postponed due to hurricane sandy -
news from who dominated the social buzz on the last day of sxswi ? [infographic]: sxsw interactive wrap
mash this : who dominated the social buzz on the last day of sxswi ? [infographic]: sxsw interactive wrapped up tu
happy st patrick day to you thanks xx
whose feelin a st . patricks day smoke ?
spain v italy can't wait ..!!:)
today is big match between spain and italy
the wicked witch of the west can cackle all day long on st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day ! why are shamrocks considered lucky ?
welcome to the biggest timewaster ever ! hope you guys fared okay through sandy ! let me know if you need anything .
i love running , but this is ludicrous ! via
latest : wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter found in nepal
the new york times : missing u .s. marine helicopter is found in nepal , -
3 my wishes go out to them
rt 3 dead in boston explosions , deval patrick , law enforcement agencies ask for heightened state of vigilance
with tomorrow we want to remind tweeps to please ! stand up for your rights let your voice be he
for the fact that my girlfriend is scarin me with her tweets
na wa o ..u owe me money for 2 months plus now , u no payu no dey reply my pings yet u dey send me ebola broadcast .
pele na wa o ..u owe me money for 2 months plus now , u no payu no dey reply my pings yet u dey send me ebola broadcast .
can somebody tell me what the hell happened to paris ?
prayers for the people in paris france . hubby and me are praying
easy innovations ltd would like to wish all of our followers happy st patrick's day
happy st patrick's day danny xxx
haha he's shit , you could of scored that
fuck sake jordi that would have got me some vital points ! ha torres you are shit !
evacuation at dundee count ! fire alarm !
dundee vote count being evacuated for fire alarm ?!
if i never illegally downloaded your cd then you ain't shit .welphurricane chris (.__.)
hurricane sandy will u be more sandy than my vagina
keeping up with the storm at : - reading posts from people who are trapped is surreal . having those posts manage to get
hope all is well with people in d tc
video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings in liberia are being cl
letyouknow : video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings in
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vb9uxepcsn
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tevbbf3607
everybody , go vote ,!!!! it's important to your country that you do . this !!! !!!!!
i can't wait to see how many unwanted pregnancies when everyone votes romney , and you can't get contraceptives . no birth control
he's slightly sadly fortunate is eating air time . this cruz news is major news just since i went to work .
am i wrong to think that a surge in airstrikes against isis would be a better response than the tango ?
people starting to filter in the ballroom here at the party .
missing tim russert and his dry erase board .
next events to agitate and cause emotion ; autopsy reports , funeral , leaks from grand jury and county prosecutor's recommendation
fucking appalled at the acts in . thank you for keeping a damn good stream up throughout the night . goodluck 3
happy st . patrick's day to you as well rebecca
the village at mayfield would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !!
have a safe and enjoyable halloween everyone . my thoughts prayers to those effected by sandy .
looks pretty neat here no sandy
google executive dan fredinburg dies in everest avalanche after nepal earthquake
google executive dan fredinburg dies in everest avalanche after nepal earthquake : dan fredinburg , a respected
that sandy stuff mist up my network
come for the lulz , stay the for articulate , smart writing i wrote this for the nicu babies and for you h
come back from work to find that we have no power at home
pray for all the victims of sandy . this is having some real effects on people .
our thoughts are with family and friends of passengers of
my thoughts are with families and friends of those on board . r .i.p
going to be an insane game today . lets go germany !
is over for today - results winner announced (if italy scores ) tomorrow morning . enjoy the game tw
thank god my betsy made it through sandy !!!!
how do you not understand hurricane sandy !?? you are in idiot siri .
yeah , this hurricane wasn't bad at all ! just like all the other little storms !
seeing too much coverage on sandy , chinese netizens call cctv a stooge of the us : after being overwhelmed by cct
our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of hurricane sandy . please be safe !
prayers for all in the path of sandy ! be safe
oxlade-chamberlain to start for england ! cracking decision from hodgson . the team needs his pace and flair
daddy's girl getting into spirit in the english summer weather . u gotta start at the bottom ..c'mon england !
the east side is powerless . strange , scifi-like glow from afar .
it's sad how people are still making a joke out of this
and another quake - 6.3 that follows a 7.4 an hour ago
different countries with different problem nepal with earthquake , poverty and corruption is not let out
top news : sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus :
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus via (rip)
i only want to give it obama
i only hope pray that's correct , the consequences of an obama victory will be tragic it appears voter fraud is rampant !
an asset to the campaign along with kinnock and blair .
same friends that keep sending immigrants our way , same 1 s tht will not close the calais jungles 4 good . some firend
may the lord end this terrible outbreak of ebola .
ebola is about to come to the united states
we're all a little irish today . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day to all irish ladies gentlemen !
coworking spaces for startups . companies can monetize underused space (sxsw 2012 ): (see al
eworky : coworking spaces for startups . companies can monetize underused space (sxsw 2012 )
happy st . patricks day ! grinding mode on
yes , that's happy st . patrick's day ! lol !
we wish you a green morning . happy st patrick's day .
happy st patrick's day to you pc taylor x
please , pray for paris and all the other cities affected tonight .
thoughts and prayers with those in paris . horrible situation , god is needed .
our thoughts are with everyone involved in the tragic events in .
up in our live coverage descr scene stn w /witnesses of cenotaph shooting
hurricane sandy heroes from coast guard rescuers to red cross volunteers (photos) via
hurricane shandy seems like something i could get behind
11 greatest irish footballers to celebrate st . patrick's day : in the spirit of st . patrick's day ,
i have my green trashcan out for st . patricks day . happy st . patricks day everybody !
happy st patrick's day y'all . hope everybody is fit and well . what is everyone up to today / tonight ?
happy st . patrick's day to you ! is drinking green at little over your way ? lol
votes today - where does fit in ?
the biggest losers for a 'yes' vote today is celtic's hopes of playing in the premier league .
suspects sold brussels bar weeks before paris attacks : two suspects in the paris attacks sold the bar th
suspects sold brussels bar weeks before paris attacks : two suspects in the paris attacks so
and happy st patricks day too i suppose
happy st patrick's day ! who's day-drinking today ?
all this hype for sandy would be so much more fun if was here
great source of info for ny'ers from the ny times . hurricane sandy : live updates
a point is still decent against a team like france !
france the better team . similar to the spain vs italy game . good result for both teams .
can't sleep . still watching the news . incredible live images of a number of hostages fleeing . thank god they are safe
sydney gunman named as iran refugee : a trusted man of the cloth . what next , killer grandmas and babies ?
so many schools had yesterday off due to voting .
a nobel peace prize won last term , a hope that it can be earned this term
definitely hoping and the other tweeps that were in the direct area of sandy are alright . def . thinking about them
they never give hurricanes intimidating names like , hurricane bob o .e
president obama speaking at final campaign rally now in iowa - now on msnbc
president obama speaks at the final rally of his final campaign .
at last , things are looking up in paris x . .
bbc news - paris attacks : terror funding to be cut off , says cameron . how about stop selling weapons ?
do it , france ! fully support wiping out this cancer on humanity .
is marilyn manson doing predictions . you forgot when you were a sluth in paris ?
- alps co-pilot crashed plane deliberately - prosecutor
terrifying . germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '
my aunt is really excited to watch madonna at halftime . why ? i know she is going to hate it
kitty halftime show from madonna halftime show
i wonder if jeezy is gonna drop a new my president is black 2 once obama wins lol
obama will have the lead .. for four more years . while you guys sit on your rich asses and not pay taxes . that sounds a little more realistic
i think we probably need another food run , but we're ready otherwise . gas , water , batteries , kerosene , and twitter .
i have no sympathy for the dumb asses who go to the beach during a hurricane , let they ass drown .
happy st . patrick's day !lipstick pin-upsmuah by myself
happy st patricks day ! pinch pinch !
happy st patricks day ! what are you doing to celebrate the day ?
happy st patricks day you're my favourite irish by far :)
i just don't know who to vote for ! my facebook friends say obama but my neighbors have romney signs out . i just wish i had my own brain !
if your voting for obama just because he's black , then don't vote .
1 -0 richard dunne put ur mortgage on it
spain are playing with a 4 -6-0 formation and italy are starting with 2 strikers .
fuck that shit scary af what happened in boston
what a small world someone i know has a nephew who was 100 feet away from the bombing in boston
mabine_seabe : the us re-elected president obama , a competent man . meanwhile , here in sunny south africa , we'll re-elect president zuma .
every album is going to leak expect for lana and rih thanks obama ugh
unlawful israeli airstrikes kill civilians
jermaine jackson at the protest outside bbc hq london
romney vs obama 2012 presidential debate oct 3, 2012 - elections 2012 (: via
everybody really really really needs to vote for obama
did u know .. prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed plane ~ just curious ??
prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed plane : after listening to audio from the
sierra leone : president launches national plan to battle ebola : [govt of sierra leone ]today, i ask the entire
[allafrica] sierra leone : president launches national plan to battle ebola : [govt of sierra leone ]today, i ask
ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak via
ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the via
nigga who sends a snapchat selfie for st patrick's day ?
st . patrick's day - the most romantic day of the year .
breaking : the centre of sydney is in lockdown with hostages being held in the lindt cafe in martin place .
hostages held in lindt cafe , martin place this morning . central sydney in lockdown .
thx 2 bescom 4 55 hrs power cut , i was frustrated then today mrng saw n loss in ind , forgot my pain , sympathy to all affected
its indeed v sad to watch such horrible views after the earth quake in nepal and india . needs our help .
what the fuck is happening in paris france is such a peaceful country why is this happening to them
so awful what is happening in paris
st patrick's day is hereafter known as robert sheehan day and it will be celebrated by binge watching
who knew ?! they dye the chicago river green every st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day from prv audio
happy st . patricks day everyoneeee . look at these babes (;
wear green today ! it's st . patricks day !!!
yes , i'm wearing green . yes , i did it on purpose . yes , i look real good . happy st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/kpcsmydmm2
i feel like st . patricks day is so irrelevant .
check this out u2 cancels paris concert set to air on hbo after terrorist attacks : well ,
u2 cancels paris concert set to air on hbo after terrorist attacks : well , it looks like parisia f
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0ytli02eul
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nzl2urwbaj
please send your prayers to paris !
prayers for paris and honestly , for all of us we need it .
portugal to win shootout . ronaldo to score winning penalty with his penis .
spain and portugal have gone to penalties .
wonder what sandy duncan is up to , besides asking why is she trending on twitter .
sandy's hurricane is out of control :s
'top of the mornin to ya ' complete with shamrock earrings ! cold st . patrick's day : teens now , 20 s later
happy st . patricks day . wear green . support the irish .
are you wearing green for st . patrick's day ? i'm wearing sinful exotic green and swinger #
thank you again for the tickets to the st . patrick's day party !
there's a lot of jokers be on there lol ! happy st patrick's day !
happy saint patrick's day to all our irie people bless it up enjoy have fun peace in
let's all offer prayers for paris japan
our thoughts and prayers go out to those victims and their families , in paris and japan
ireland have played spain 24 times and won 4 of them .. i have some hope !
time for pol v . rus (heard it was a good one )
facebook oka tab lo twitter tab lo petti nvu kuda adukuntaunav kadaa system tho
can uefa just award spain the already , second half is unnecessary !
photo : topsy-kretts : explosion at the boston marathon
i dont know nobody in boston
like grandma used to say , boldfaced liars . ag requests another autopsy , that definitely speaks volumes !
and so it continues in . as if the police needed more bad pr , looks like they'll get it .
so um this hurricane is really going to happen .
delco : after being downgraded overnight , sandy has regained its hurricane status with 75 mph winds .
happy st .patricks day tee tee
we'd like to take a moment to wish all our fans a happy st . patrick's day . because you're going to need all the
gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy : american apparel apparently wasn't the o tip
gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy : american apparel apparently was mashable /business
a jet airways aircraft brought back 242 indians including 28 crew members who were stranded following the deadly terror attacks in brussels .
rt europe |brussels attacks add urgency to debate over britain's eu membership - new york times
massimo sciacca on a trip throughout president obama's usa
cool video - suggesting an alternative view on why you should vote for romney
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tncz1ozspt
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/igydxuvn6x
thoughts are with my friends and family back home in the northeast . looks like is heading right for you ! stay safe bricktown !!
looks like it's cancelled for me either way . no getting in or out of town with this state of emergency . damn you . next time
obama vs romney ,the electrol war about to commence .
49 %obama -49% romney cnn . gallop 48 %-48%. thats why hollywood is there .art they know , smothering suspense .*spooky for world *
okay sydney ruth bell iv
what we know about sydney hostage crisis :
uk news online : paris : 'mastermind's taunts ': the paris terror attacks continue to dominate
bbc : paris : 'mastermind's taunts ': the paris terror attacks continue to dominate front pages , with several foc
wish i could but i'm a scouser ! as an interested uk observer , i think his handling of hurricane sandy has been exemplary .
getting air back after sandy - :
st patrick's day is pointless and lame
since it's saint patricks day , let's hope my irish instructor makes our class a bit more alive .
hollywood reporter : news corp . ceo rupert murdoch tweets about hurricane sandy , book merger : the media mogul cal
news corp . ceo rupert murdoch tweets about hurricane sandy , book merger : the media mogul calls t biz
look on the bright side of it raining during . i'm sure this will be the first shower some of those hipsters have had in months .
listening to remezcla's sxsw playlist , that includes furguson & za ! (sounds from spain )
typhoon hagupit all over the news
aklan to declare state of calamityby aurea lynne paztyphoon ruby /hagupit story hub visayas volunteer
happy st . patrick's day ! what irish delicacies are on the menu today ?
happy st . patrick's day to all those who celebrate !! via
lahore suicide bomb attack's death toll rises to 72
in a park full of children ? i really hope hell exists and not only on earth
congratulations president obama back again
so glad i'm leaving the country today so i don't have to read all the tweets about obama
goodmorning ! thank you !!! happy st . patrick's day
literally no . stop with all the st patrick day stuff .
science news : hurricane sandy spins up climate discussion : from nature magazine . [more]
i liked a video after sandy , we're ok
folks on twitter remind us that hurricane hotel stays can be fun too : with over 7,000 flights to and fro
folks on twitter remind us that hurricane hotel stays can be fun too : with over 7,000 flights to an
is there a better green car for st . patrick's day ?
getting the green beer flowing ! come down to for your st . patrick's day party !
my coworker just announced she's voting for romney . i wanna molly-wop her
maybe i will vote for romney just for change .but obama is a cool dude .
this ebola outbreak in west africa is terrifying
ebola killing in w /africa. health workers try to help in guinea . armed bandits attack them . is africa cursed ? i dont get this .
the tragic events in are sparking many conversations about ; not all of them are necessarily effective !
huge lightning /rain storm in right now . will be on florrisant with the infowars crew in several minutes .
can't wait to be in philly tomorrow for the st . patrick's day parade !!#stpatricksday
wishing i was in chicago for st patrick's day
monday night st . patrick's day stuff in ottawa ? where ? suggestions ?
celebrate st . patrick's day with us this weekend starting today through monday !
now i will forever hate st . patrick's day .
i'm not irish but i wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day anyway !
happy st . patricks day have a great day babe x
we have st . patrick's day t-shirts !
we all had a great time at the st patrick's day parade . thanks to everyone who came to help . see our video here :
happy st . patricks day to you too lisa ! hope you're wearing green . extremely busy at work . saw dm think it's a good sign ! :)
can we just focus on praying for nepal bc they were hit by another earthquake instead of hating on someone because of some stupid rumours
there is a major destruction in sindhupal chowk in nepal .
so he hasnt even been on the east coast since sandy hit
the psychology of super storm sandy : this week , super storm sandy tore across the east coast , killing more than
cbc live reporting shooting at parliament
how does virgin radio think it's more important to report on renee zellweger plastic surgery instead of parliament hill ?
i remember in school kids used to tape a dollar to their shirt on st . patricks day lol
why can't i be in ireland on st patricks day ? gosh this sucks can't wait to visit it's been 21 years !
new jersey residents prepare for hurricane sandy : locals in point pleasant , new jersey were ordered to leave but some appeared keen t
i need to know the name of this hurricane , my last tweet looks stupid
i don't follow english football , is his name really pronounced shh-chesney ?
can someone tell me why the extra officials are on the same side as the assistant refs ? surely eyes are needed on the other side
so rush thought gov . romney would win big-but he felt concerned about those thoughts-or so he said on the radio the day before election day .
obama orders a strike on yemen hours after winning re-election :
typhoon lashes east philippines with heavy rain : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in the philippines , ba
cnn - typhoon lashes east philippines with heavy rain : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in the philippines , batt
heart of gold pot of goldhappy st . patrick's day ! erin go bragh !
top 4 st . patrick's day themed mascots
hurricane sandy needs to blow down , prep man rs !
please hurricane sandy please blow away mr . ben's house !
sending thoughts and prayers this morning to all those affected by hurricane sandy ~
thoughts and prayers to everyone dealing with effects of hurricane sandy .
at least two americans killed in brussels attacks : at least two american citizens were killed in the terrorist
at least two americans killed in brussels attacks : at least two american citizens were killed in the
the belgian capital was hit with two explosions at brussels airport
a political response must be found involving non interference in the internal affairs of nations in the middle east .
please retweet - text word redcross to 90999 to make a quick $10 donation to red cross to help those affected by sandy
yay , back on the internet ! no damage , didn't loose power , but the hurricane took out my cable internet for a day .
happy st . patrick's day from brick tamland :
wishing everyone a happy st . patrick's day and luck of the irish !
nigerians plead for foreign help as ebola fears spread : standing just a few hund
breaking news : nigerians plead for foreign help as ebola fears spread
would love to go to ireland on st . patricks day .
the panther celebrates st . patrick's day .
funniest tweet about i've read all night ! can'tstoplaughing .good one !
is romney still campaigning in ohio or something ?#election2012
happy st . patrick's day ! booze before going back to class .
hey ! happy st patrick's day even though your australian !:)
your school is no where near where the hurricane is going to hit stop complaining about your classes not being cancelled
who makes a page for hurricane sandy ?
praying for everyone i know in paris to be safe rn , and peace for everyone . lost for words .
my heart goes out to the french people and the city of paris .
alert : more than half a million people flee coastal villages as typhoon hagupit sweeps across eastern philippines - bbcnews
more than half a million people flee coastal villages as typhoon hagupit sweeps across eastern
rescuers battle to reach survivors of new nepal quake : rescuers battled wednesday
amusa :- rescuers battle to reach survivors of new nepal quake : rescuers battled wednesday to amusa , w . a news
my thoughts are with paris tonight . but remember , terrorism has no religion . it is an attack made by individuals , not by an entire religion .
fox news is pathetic in blaming o'bama for the paris attacks .
taught important lessons : getting aid to survivors of will require experienced organizations .
vishaldadlani the relief help and money will not reach the poor , as usual .
terrifying happenings in paris - 26 dead , 100 held hostage in concert hall
okay i am so scared about paris !
gov lov . vibrant nyc presence tag photos with & we'll feature some on tumblr .
flight has wifi . things are off to a fantastic start . austin here we come !!
sierra leone ebola patient , recovered from family , dies in ambulance : freetown (reuters) - a sier via
sierra leone ebola patient , recovered from family , dies in ambulance : freetown (reuters) - a sierra leone ebol
thanks very much for the rts . happy st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! definitely check out today ! it's more fun and engaging !
paris attack fear prompts belgium alert
paris attacks suspect detained in southern turkey ::aljazeera
germanwings pilot was trying to smash the cockpit door down !
germanwings pilot was trying to smash the cockpit door down !: non us standards on lufthansa or germanwin
food , water , gas , flashlights , candles , and nursing textbooks .
cbs took down all their billboards along the shore /i95. looks creepy .
yo other media - if the cops are doing house to house sweeps why aren't you there , covering it ?? fucking tools !
this stuff is sobering . i'm coming from a place of privilege because i've never seen anything like this
i would love to see an irish win
getting my irish head on - c'mon the paddys !!
see here how proud is to be best buddy of head of global source of terrorism
a sad day for the world when talented artists are targeted for doing what they love
thank you sandy . for this amazing weather .
the worst part about sandy is that the north south game got pushed back to saturday and im working all day saturday .
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yddbbwdbot
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xxscxdjwyl
what have chelsea done to torres ;(? {{ didn't he down turn start at anfield ?? chelsea shouldn't have bought him
that moment when you leave the room during a soccer match and a goal is scored .
new legislation aims to extend the nsa program after the paris terror attacks
exposes despicable islamophobic coverage of paris attacks
15 -441/emergency mental health manager in nepal via
salute to u guru ji n ur green s teamfor the contribution in welfate activity in nepal's affected areas .#nepaldisasterreliefbymsg
nepal will rise again :)just need a little support .
raw : second strong earthquake shakes nepal : a major earthquake hit nepal on tuesday , just weeks after a (usto)
the attacks on the offices of ; as horrific and merciless as they were , is merely a symptom
reporting that two arrival runways now closed at charles de gaulle airport due to proximity to police operation .
'you will not have my hatred ': if ever a man had cause to hate this man does . humbling lesson
- even jimmy carter looks like a stronger president now than ever could be .
they should name hurricanes with black people names . i would be terrified of hurricane shanaynay .
oh heeeeywe just had a hurricane . thought you knew ?
heart goes out to those affected directly and indirectly by the earthquakes that hit nepal , india and bangladesh .
praying for all in nepal ! i know how special that place is to both of you
oh , my holy hell ! this match is gonna get out of hand ! really should be up 3 -0.
think the russian football fans are getting abit exited in our hotel
media focusing on super-close ohio , but obama leads florida by 50 k votes with 96 % reporting
my shoe is untied . thanks obama .
photos , video : st . patrick's celebration downtown : see photos and video from the st . patrick's festivities in
have you ridden the trolley yet ? it's free and comes here at the top of the hour , every hour !
breaking news : canadian soldier has been shot at the war memorial in ottawa .
breaking : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
stirling result quite brilliant . feeling more cheerful .
can't sleep . twitter is keeping me informed of the results coming in because i'm too lazy to get up and watch them myself
happy st . patrick's day ! looking forward to getting shamrocked !!
happy st patricks day from las vegas
the dutch are all over denmark . down 0 -1, but they are going to win this . compelling stuff .
netherlands coach bert van marwijk reacts to a missed header
the soho grand had a special hurricane sandy menu tonight . so cute . am framing when i get home . :-)
sandy leaves many digging out , others drying out : superstorm sandy's strike on the eastern seaboard area has lef
dear hurricane sandy , my birthday is tomorrow so please don't kill me , my family , or my friends . love jenna .
fuck a hurricane .give me a blunt ill sit in the middle of that bitch lol
staten island residents plead for help 3 days after sandy but we gotta have that marathon .
seeing all the news about sandy makes me want to help somehow .
not to subtweet about my girl , but obama wasn't even president when 9 /11 happened just saying .
i really wanna just ask a romney supporter what are some of his plans . and see how much they can't tell me .
what about the people in boston , we have clients there and yesterday was bad . did you think about them nothav
sorry julie just checked my tweets .im hoping after boston there won't be any demo's
how the ebola virus spreads to humans : people caring for infected individuals - from
how the ebola virus spreads to humans : people caring for infected individuals - from fri
spain vs italy .. what is your ??
as for day 3 of i'm going for spain to win 2 -0 and the irish to win 1 -0. mon the irish ..
pray for people of paris . hope you're home . please tweet , this fan needs to know
can't imagine how terrified people are in paris right now
i can't even see outside what the hell sandy
our offices have re-opened after hurricane sandy :
check out our list of flicks , perfect for celebrating st . patrick's day :
wherever in the world you are celebrating - happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day , at least in your coffee .
happy st . patrick's day from the little phillies familyenjoy it responsibly .
definitely . happy st . patrick's day sarah . be safe 1
happy and safe st . patrick's day , all .
west african minsters detail ebola challenges : health ministers meeting in ghana to organise a regional
west african minsters detail ebola challenges via no time to cut aid or health science budgets .
rss : the latest : patricia weakens to category 1 storm over mexico
ap : the latest on hurricane patricia : storm weakens to category 1 as it crosses mexico
happy st . patrick's day . saw your remotes . be safe out there .
happy st patricks day sun is shinning on a new week , let's make it another good one
probably true don't worry i won't tell my wife that she's pissed off as it with this whole paris thing
will someone please inform me on what happened in paris ??
happy st . patrick's day dicks .
happy st patrick's day ! a little irish blessing from me to you :-)
happy ! to celebrate , we have some shamrockin ' savings for you today !
hey beth . thx for connecting here ! happy st . patricks day ! -jessica
my friend just left paris today she said there was an iranian conference yesterday at french consulate tons of military
a few things that came to mind while thinking about paris .
tough mudder ?! pfft , boston marathon is the real obstacle course .
thanks you louis !!! please for everyone including me affect by the tragic boston marathon today !!!
hello thur and happy st patrick's day ! we got some new tattoos especially for the day ! - aren't they just
happy st . patricks day from sweden with the audi s1
one of my dear european friend was so shocked by the latest events in paris . his frustration (cont)
even in the violent we live in , really is the most powerful force .
and yet another reason why cali is awesome . huge win for obama ! i can breathe and sleep easy now .
ok i'll have a rum coke to keep me awake while i wait for the looser's speech
yess !!!barack obama he's good !!!
lololol i can't wait until you all have no social security because our country is bankrupt and you try and pin it on everyone else but obama
rt obama's historic victory-hail o'caesar
so i can officially say we have another 4 years of obama this better be better than his first term
shocking news from paris : gunmen open fire in the offices of charlie hebdo . hope everyone on here are safe and sound .
a gunman has opened fire at the paris offices of the satirical magazine charlie hebdo , afp reports
new york marathon aims to 'epitomize spirit ' of city after sandy
new york marathon aims to 'epitomize spirit ' of city after sandy : the new york city marathon will go ahead on su
it is impossible to look more german than gomez
fucking germans ! now oxils off my bet is lost ! so come on portugal !!!
i don't really care about saint patrick's day .
just realised that monday is saint patrick's day as well , just keeps on getting better and better
romney : i care about our kids . romney : i mean our male kids . romney : the straight ones .
no we're not . obama ! rt lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice ! the world is
oh-so handy after a detour into unhealthy town
the diy movement and techshop at (from earlier ) via
be safe today and enjoy st . patrick's day !
st . patrick's day just won't be the same next year without seeing mr . kay .
governors say no to hurricane deductibles : homeowners in new york , new jersey and connecticut wil
[cnn-mon] governors say no to hurricane deductibles : homeowners in new york , new jersey and connecticut will sav
what are your st . patrick's day traditions ? how do you celebrate ?
crainsnewyork : guinness drop out of st . patrick's day parade
no sleep for me :(i may not be from sydney but i'm terrified
everything that's happening in sydney right now is terrifying .
in honor of st .patrick's day , marissa i will be treating ourselves to shamrock shakes later :) mmmm
good morning . oh , is it st . patrick's day ? first , i need some coffee
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nfafafdbvw
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vck2ju4wim
a very happy holi and st patricks day to all celebrating ! enjoy
happy st . patrick's day - irish yoga
one group is said to be leaving at halftime to avoid the rush . leaving in their private jet . halftime . super bowl .
it's :) to say i'm excited is an understatement , bring on the eek !
st . patricks day is actually one of my fav holidays
guys it's st . patricks day what is going onnnnn
everyone : just assume everyone else is already tweeting about the same thing at sxsw . because they are .
fellow vancouverite nikolas badminton crowd sourced his entire sxsw wardrobe . brave ! ht
had to . happy st . patricks day everyone . it's only lunchtime
st . patrick's day in the adult shop
live drawing sxsw : abundance : the future is better than you think : in our last drawn session of the from
via live drawing sxsw : abundance : the future is better than you think : in our last drawn session of the d
diamondfire : sandy : most over-hyped storm of all time imol .
west new york , like many others , remains without power 24 hours after sandy's arrival : power still remains out in
why wouldnt we have school .. the hurricane is over
facts and figures from a day indoors during sandy : some personal stats from the storm while awaiting fe
i was in red bank since 4 pm and al day i was at physical therapy wegmans panera and the farmers market and preparing for hurricane sandy
so hurricane sandy is going to pass through baltimore indeed . :|
apparently tomorrow is st . patricks day oops
who tf is patrick and why are you niggas wearing green for his bitchass
i feel like some people over-do st . patrick's day
in honor of st . patricks day i watched
blood in the streets and race riots are , sadly , exactly what we need right now .
does anyone , regardless of politics , think what's going on in is ok ? conservatives hate a police state , right ?
i mean if they were being ignorant then i understand , but if they simply stated obama in a conversation then ..
nightly news talking abt latino votes helping obama win how that increase can put tx in play also the awesomely powerful womens vote :d
i really only watch the for the commercials lol
omgggg are you guys going to have that feast you all had last year lol
if romney wins i'm moving to haiti and changing my major to mango research
everyone knows that a romney presidency will be bad for women but did you know it will also be bad for everything else as well ?
if this were a true irish holiday i would not have to work . happy st patrick's day everyone
happy st . patrick's day to all of our disney friends !
the killings in paris have nothing to do with islam
i bet if the refugees were from paris , no one would say anything
i have lost 6 followers since the hurricane .lol
obvious yet necessary - 5 things for pr pros to know about hurricane sandy
vdh clarity ! r obama , the virtual challenger - victor davis hanson - national review online
what was the crowd count at obama's 08 springsteen rally ?
why do i always end up in quincy during a hurricane ?
hurricane sandy dont mess up nyc please thats all i ask
all members of the delegation currently in brussels are accounted for - our thoughts with all those worried for loved ones
deaths in brussels attack take your pick : 1 , 10, 12, 13, several not sure who is right .
mandatory evacuations have been ordered for casinos in atlantic city . everyone must be out by 4 :00pm sunday . sandy
sandy is coming to the east coast we all better take cover
psaki : 'confident' voters will vote : obama campaign's jen psaki on the presiden'ts role during sandy and the last push for votes bef
psaki : 'confident' voters will vote : obama campaign's jen psaki on the presiden'ts role during sandy and the la
obama won the votes over texas . that's 55 lmao . obama won the kids choice and the teens choice for president .. anyone's
looks like romney lance armstrong share a lack of moral ethical core : bad judgment , lies , deceit win at any cost
ass backwards bull romney on some high shitthe white house should have a suggestion box lol
obama will grab the early lead til the republicans get off work
clearly it isn't st . patricks day , so why ppl keep saying it ?
i always assume i get everything for free when it's st . patricks day
arrl as hurricane sandy wreaks havoc on east coast , hams heed call to help : even though hurricane sandy was decl
as hurricane sandy wreaks havoc on east coast , hams heed call to help : even though hurricane sandy was
i wish i could help rebuild boston with my heart :-)
if someone cums the outline of boston on your tits then yes
celebrate st . patrick's day by supporting the irish lobby for immigration reform : today is st . patrick's day a
happy st . patrick's day !(to me , of course .)
as much as i'm rooting for mo'ne davis . the idea of a team of all black boys playing for the during is just what we need .
if this beating is true , it's over . assaulting a cop , reaching 4 his gun , attempting to flee , all mean this was a protocol shoot .
it only took a few to kill in paris
fantastic singsong in paris tho . great memories
ebola = plaque we need to pray for and . we need to act !!! now .
caring doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus
nepal earthquake : what can be done to prevent similar disasters in the future ?: it is notoriously difficult to
i was hoping juve would show some sort of solidarity towards more nepal earthquake . sadly nothing has been seen ..
the white househappy st . patrick's day !
st patrick's day good reads
all passengers on hijacked egyptair flight released except for crew and five foreigners
passengers allowed off hijacked flight , five foreigners plus the crew are being kept on the plane
where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it drenches the
(yordy d ' swaqq ) where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it
prayers for all those affected by sandy ! is still in control
looking at the pictures of cyclone nilam and hurricane sandy all i can say is that indians are not good at photography .
somebody send the bus driver from cleveland to see romney
dear gov romney : might there be rather plumpish female melodically warbling a tune in your ?
well thats certainly not the luck of the irish
oh dear ! well , at least there's plenty of time left in this game for the irish to get back into it !
obama won the popular too by the way
you're that pissed obama won ? :p
i've been getting loads of emails from ba and virgin offering deals to encourage me to fly more since the germanwings crash
!! 5 things to start your day : one of the pilots in the germanwings crash was not in t via
obama youtube spiral ! rewatching the yes , we can speech !
the romney campaign based their decision to go into pa off of romney lawn signs ? bawhahabawhaw !!
lookn at pics from sandy wreckage . woah .
sandy what are you doingsandy ..stahp
anyone can come out on top
no one could put the ball in da nets in donetsk . one for gary lineker there .
such awful , awful news to wake up to . mourning with brussels today .
to visit as part of 3 nation from march 30
but let's be honest guys mitt romney don't pay no tax
mitt romney don't pay taxxxxxxxxes he's a broke boy
us marine helicopter reported missing in nepal : military via
u .s. military helicopter reported missing in nepal
pourrr me somethin tall strong make it a hurricane before i go insane .
what is the impact if hurricane affects the election ? hopefully we don't have to find out .
for sure ! likewise :) have a great week ! happy . patrick's day
may your glass be ever full . happy st . patricks days !
rt sxsw ! its on tonite . got two sets . early set for awards then the showcase at republic . schweeet !
big sean perorms with kanye west 2 chainz at sxsw (video)
police storm hostage site near paris : gunshots and explosions are heard at the site where suspect
police storm hostage site near paris : gunshots and explosions are heard at the site where s via
just finished voting , and i feel great !
rock your right to vote today my american friends ! our hearts and thoughts are with you .
my prayers go out to those that r n the hurricane
alberta weather might be wild , but at least there is no chance of us getting a hurricane !
too late to rename the storm from hurricane sandy to hurricane pepco ?
hurrican may miss us all together , look at the lates projection , especially day 4 and 5
even if hurricane strikes , we will all survive cuz the demon of screamin will scare it away hittin those high notes . lol
you can say that again . hurricane or no h . gotta get ac3 .
hope you and denis stay safe during the hurricane !!!
hoping everyone stays safe in the nyc area with the impending hurricane hit
i wish was in paris . you silly cunt .
poor guy . how a canadian sikh was photoshopped to look like a paris attacker via
sea bright wants curiosity seekers to stay out of sandy-ravaged town : authorities discovered people were
nah the hurricane got us out this whole week
happy st patricks day , have some irish
i like really needed that sleep happy st patricks day to you all
the problem with such people is that , they take prayer for granted .
shoot prayers for palestine . one rt one prayer . in sha'a allah .
hurricane sandy ? meh . here's the real one people should be worrying about .: submitted by foodvillain [link]
i hope all the kids are okay after the hurricane :/
u .s. marines killed in helicopter crash over nepal named : the six u .s. marines who die
u .s. marines killed in helicopter crash over nepal named : the six u .s. marines who died in a helicopt
omg does anyone understand how happy i am ? obama
-claps hands - well done obama
india on tuesday issued a travel advisory asking indian nationals living in brussels or visiting it to exercise caution and remain al
india issues travel advisory for its nationals in brussels : india on tuesday issued a travel ad
tomorrows st . patrick's day ? i really had no idea .
guys it's st patricks day tomorrow
why i hate st . patricks day ..
coworkers exchange recipes as we wish you a happy st . patrick's day !
i had the romney app on my iphone , but it killed my battery because it constantly had to be refreshed to keep up with his position changes .
do it for your mama , vote for barack obama !
. i want to see germany in the finals . come on deutschland !
today let germany win ,want them at the finals
gaggle 03 /11 12 : ad can shift . as most votrs will vote on tuesday , this news a ;long w / the president on the scene in the aftermath of sandy
my prayers go out to all those that were really affected by hurricane sandy
ndtv news - world : us confirms 2 americans killed in germanwings crash - ndtv news - world
us confirms 2 americans killed in germanwings crash : the us state department confirmed on wednesday that two a
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/joewul3sxx
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/uktbym7h0t
i hope n .pray obama wins .
if obama wins tomorrow it will speed up the end of the world
: nottinghamshire dog fundraising for people of nepal : as the full extent
nottinghamshire dog fundraising for people of nepal : as the full extent of the nepal earthquake becomes appare
excellent concession speech . reminded me of the romney of a decade ago .
i really jus don't like romney just too fuckin fugazy
experts : tourists avoiding europe after terror attacks : experts : even before the brussels terror attacks , amer
experts : tourists avoiding europe after terror attacks : experts : even before the brussels terror attacks ,
brazil's christ the redeemer lit up in celebration of st patrick's day .
thank you too merilies ! all's well here , best wishes for a happy st . patrick's day to you as well ! xo
team pathbrite minus two very important team members , mauvis and aggie ;)
south by southwest music conference in austin , tx . a big hustle .
us north-east begins long struggle to recovery in wake of superstorm sandy : death toll at 58 and millions still
gaurdian : us north-east begins long struggle to recovery in wake of superstorm sandy : death toll at 58 and milli
breakingtwo injuries reported due to the last airstrikes in
two injuries reported due to the last airstrikes in
former pm of france dominique de villepin talks about obama's second chance
what does the rest of the world think about obama's reelection ?
i'm kinda scared about hurricane sandy
i'm kinda hoping that this hurricane sandy gives us a few days off
happy st patrick's day ! good green !
happy st . patrick's day from pivot !
this bitch sandy dnt come til 2 marrow night !!! -.- what a waste of a sunday night
if you aren't following hurricane sandy , you should really get on that .
please support sunday assembly paris this sunday as , in the face of the attack on charlie hebdo , they meet in
united we stand ! combating terrorists their supporters !
real reason romney lost : the conservative pacs still running ads on cnn didn't realise the election was yesterday .
as of now , obama is up 51,600 votes in floridanot sure what % of the vote count has been counted but as of last night it was at 97 %.
euphoria is a good word to explain this win ! !
absolutely gutted my couldn't win it all , but congratulations to the , champions for 2012 .
yea it's st patricks day but i better not get pinched lol
people at my school are weird about st . patrick's day .
but i hope people know paris isn't the only place under attack that there are other cities who are getting it much worse
texas is not paris -- just keep pushing , thinking we won't push back
ugh . it hasn't stopped snowing . how long is this thing suppose to last ?
my dad is by that hurricane in new york
got your iheart news updates with boston , ny , philly , washington dc , chicago and atlanta thru 10 am . lots of hurricane sandy updates
hurricane sandy vs . the disney fantasy
police outside philadelphia search for gunman after reports of multiple shootings : a philadelphia tv
[nytimes] police outside philadelphia search for gunman after reports of multiple shootings : a philadelphia tv
paris attacks : stories of survival from bataclan concert hall (news)
wow you're so racist we should let potential terrorists in without any sort of investigating them . worked great in paris
office back up and running . sandy is out of here . conference is ready to roll at starting on monday .
occupy's message : why can't it be this awful all teh times ? rt no subways . no electricity . no chains . #c
too much time in a day when there's a hurricane outside
thank you captain obvious ! i meant west earthquakes , east hurricane . its the end of the world !
my 1 /4 irish side would like to say happy st . patrick's day .
got our shamrocks on . happy st . patrick's day from team
we are officially prepared to get sandy plastered . i mean to hunker down for sandy
fuck sandy ! she can't handle me !
great games todaygood tournament so far
germany look unstoppable atm , not looking good for the dutch but still gonna be an exciting final day in this group
pot of gold st . patrick's day gifts |
it's not actually st . patricks today .
just voted and it feels great ! ! great morning to you
within 15 hours we will know the prognosis of the future of our country . make it a good one vote
4 children were killed today in by an israelian attack while they were playing on the beach !#gazaunderattack
4 innocent children killed by a terrorist israeli attack while playing on harbour |
just remembered that the french national anthem is talking about a huge massacre and is really disturbing
the real madrid man is leading de attack .#euro2012
att : , if you've got pix , before , during after , upload here to :
hurricaine sandy may force a criminal investigation 911 tech system called ectp finally .
hearing reports of terror attack in paris . pray for the victims .
it's shocking what's happening in paris
i feel that obama and lincoln are so similar in that they both come from very humble backgrounds , and they reach out to people .
his place of birth nor the state he governed ! this !!!!! romney not winning in
[cnn] two dead as typhoon hagupit lashes philippines [united states ]
cnn - two dead as typhoon hagupit lashes philippines : already blamed for two deaths in the philippines , hagupi
hopefully i can save some hurricane victims ! :)
can u send me $50? i'm on the east coast and got affected by the hurricane . i can give u a receipt for
germanwings staff refuse to fly after alps crash : pilots and cabin crew members have told the airline germanwings they do not want to
germanwings staff refuse to fly after alps crash : pilots and cabin crew members have told the airlin
goal italy 1 -0 croatia a very good goal from the free kick
pirlo is god when it comes to freekicks . ultimate .
i can't even think about football with all the stuff going on in paris
we join the rest of the world in praying for the victims of today's appalling attacks in paris . no doubt justice will soon be done .
happy st . patricks day ! have fun today . love u cheers !!! :*
happy st patricks day to you also ! ty
i don't know if i should prepare for hurricane sandy or hope for the best ! i'm not about this life !
sunday's dsu baseball camp postponed to november 10 due to hurricane sandy
st . patrick's day is so pointless it hurts .
happy st . patrick's day : rumors
woke up to 12 snapchats from patrick . lol .
legoland florida goes green for st . patrick's day -
st . patrick's day parade in the city .
is it too early to start my st patrick's day festivities ?
everyone on twitter talking bout . let me download my shit before sandy knock my damn power out !
so like is the hurricane over or it just ain't came yet ?
are you aware of what's going on in paris ? 60 deads .. pray for us please !
what is going on in paris is just heartbreaking . all i can personally do is pray for those poor souls .
hurricane sandy fagina is on its way .
sandy , get your shit together sandy i want this hurricane now
hey . you guys remember that time barack obama was re-elected and beat mitt romney ? that was awesome .
obama being president for the next 4 years
good morning ladies .. happy st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day ! (if you drink--drink responsibly !)
what can twitter tell us about hurricane sandy flooding ? visualised via
what can twitter tell us about hurricane sandy flooding ? visualised : how did americans use twitter to
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vib4mzkr9i
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ctwwvzhyvt
the is almost on da way so get ya beers , bud , and wings ready cuz it's time for football . go pats !
yes , i'm ready for some football . go giants !
happy st patrick's day to a great irishman !!
today was the best st . patrick's day of my life :)
have to say this is brilliant - great irish humour .
unlucky to the irish tonight . they're not out just yet
hurricane as in sandy or hurricane as in drink ? :) stay safe , girl . hope u have plenty of candles comfort food !
so is this hurricane actually supposed to hit us ? trying to figure out if i should go get groceries :p
i strongly condemn paris attacks claimed by isis .
a small sampling of how some of our customers responded to the tragedies in last week . our operators
thrift savings plan closed for hurricane sandy , along -
are on our way to new jersey to help out the with hurricane sandy relief , and i almost took the day off toda
wud even send hurricane sandy hope she gets totally lost in trip
there's supposed to be a hurricane here monday :/
may god be with paris , and let their be peace
my prayers are with those in paris . what a tragedy .
hes like a lucky romney ;d i want to see if theres any clipping glitches in ff6 have a cool idea for a run /
you are voting for romney i hope ! you do own a big business remember that please :-)
benghazi alone is reason enough to replace obama . he is not fit to command .
niggas gon be transfering to everest and devry if romney wins huh lmao
ray is gonna bring sandy to miami , and make it rain nigga
i think it should be said that no hurricane will ever be named sandy again
come on now ireland lets win this
yes , i want ireland to win tonight .
people are wearing crowns saying happy st patricks day on them no . go away . there is no need for that .
happy st . patrick's day ! mike the intern
pray and keep paris in your thoughts .
all the warm hugs in the world to go to everyone affected by the paris attacks . and stay safe
pepsi mcguyvers a case of soda into a boombox for sxsw - the pepsi throwback idea was retro enough already , taking t
//t.co/qlmotirm -- texas lets get it !!
3 killed , 17 critical , 176 injured in boston marathon blasts : the number of causalities from two explosions in
why the marathon is what boston is really all about
happy st . patrick's day from a tenor !
happy st . patricks day ! don't know if i wanna go turn up tonight or stay home .
reuters start-ups try to cut through the clutter at sxsw tech show : san francisco (reuters) - ve
dtn technology news : start-ups try to cut through the clutter at sxsw tech show : san francisco (reuters) - ventu
hurricane sandy took us by surprise , with 170 kph winds , but long island's drying out now , and there is no major
the winds from this cat 1 hurricane is messing up my hair of the wind as your diva fan :)
happy st patrick's day . i'm not irish and i very much doubt you are either so i don't really mean these pleasantries .
happy st .patrick's day !! proud to b irish heritage !! we're a good laugh us irish !! ha
kso my dad was aaallll the way down in the florida with his boss to do some work , and hes supposed to come back on friday because of sandy .
our thoughts are with all of those affected by hurricane sandy . read more here :
dtn world news : timeline : germanwings flight 9525 crashes into alps : the airliner was en route from barcelona
timeline : germanwings flight 9525 crashes into alps : the airliner was en route from barcelona to dusseld
share your good news . are you or someone you know contributing to sandy relief efforts ? we want to know :
bey-buzz : beyonce jay-z get blacked out turnt up after hurricane sandy !
happy st patricks day :d x
happy st . patrick's day to mei'm a lucky girl !!
rest in piece to all the people killed during the paris attacks early hours of saturday morning , may you forever be in our hearts
stop war just pray for paris
paris terror attack and tears of biafrans : paris terror attack and tears of biafransifeanyi chijioke (for fami
at 6 on local colleges pray for paris , france strikes back , the panthers make history and photographs of hope
unions turning away help in jersey and mayor bloomberg using massive generators to run marathon in nyc . glad all is well after .
good morning and tgif . have a great friday ! pray for those affected by sandy .
it's called st patricks day
ready to go see ellie goulding !!!! happy st patricks day !!!
you don't have right to interfere in nepal .
nsa chief foreign secaratery went to nepal to resolve this issue not for supervising the relief work ?
anybody know of any sweet celtic metal bands to jam to today for st patrick's day ? there's got to be some good ones out there .
proud to be a guinness drinker ! - guinness drops sponsorship of new york city's st . patrick's day parade
justice dept civil rights lawyers with fbi which has opened investigation , now in officials say .
by the way it's more white people on food stamps learn some statistics !! wit cho dumb ass
agh ! i knew i saw you on 4 th & lavaca last night lol but i didn't think you were at sxsw
hey (fellow) coffee snobs in town for , aka frank's has coffee !
downtown orlando !!! st . patrick day !!!
photo : downtown orlando !!! st . patrick day !!!
happy st . patrick's day . have a great day and be safe :-)
a celebration of alcoholism . happy st . patrick's day !
i feel like a failure . forgot it is st . patricks day and i'm irish .
happy st .patrick day to all my irish friends :) xxx
5 people flee sydney hostage-crisis building : 5 people flee sydney cafe at center of hours-long hostage drama
ugh . : american readers weigh in with their messages of support .
who wants to go muddin after this hurricane ?
i hope this hurricane comes before the morning i don't wanna go to school tomorrow
st . patrick's day in dublin great day with
since it's st . patricks day can u follow me :)
. cooking corned beef and cabbage for st . patrick's day ?
tell us your best st . patrick's day stories ! what makes the holiday special and truly a new york experience ?
happy st patrick's day from ukraine
yo i didn't know that it was st patrick's day
only the americans would have a 'superstorm'.the love of all xl .#sandy
shropshire pupils in the thick of us superstorm sandy : pupils from shropshire schools spent the nigh
30 dead in brussels terrorist attacks via
prof discusses equal protection following cruz response to the brussels attacks
st . patrick's day ! green is the theme !
last one . happy st . patrick's day !
says there is a large manhunt underway in to find others involved in attack . suggesting network still at large .
our thoughts go out to all those affected by the tragic events in brussels this morning .
our thoughts go to everyone in paris and france .
having lived in france and having been to paris numerous times , these events cut deep .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0ugxyjlo84
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ds6cxtsb8j
everybody gets fucked up together out here for st patrick's day . it's a good time
will do ! will do ! a very happy st . patrick's day to you ! ;-)
klose on for gomez as well , exactly as i said
miroslav klose marco reus are now : i hope them
somebody told me full name is soundarya bhagyalakshmi venkateshwari baassappa rao .
the only good thing that came out of sandy was spending time with the family
well done ireland !!!!!in honor of irelands victory of st patricks day we have turned green ..#pureirish
cowboy up tonight in dover , derough weekend for college basketball but it's a st . patrick's day
very excited about the ireland game tonight - we are gonna bore the fuckers into submission - bring it on !!!!
0 - italy have neither won a match nor scored a goal this calendar year . poor .
left plenty of time on the clock for brady !
left tom 2 much time brady !!!
why does this world have to have so much hate . what we really need right now is love .
feel sorry fa them ppl in boston
happy st patricks day niall and everyone
so guys , how are your hangovers after st patrick's day ??
our thoughts are with those affected by the boston bombings . do you have a plan in place in case an emergency
incredible images of the boston bombing on a1 of nation's papers today . could spend all day dissecting the many design , headline decisions .
prayers from the usa for all those who have died , been injured or were affected by the terror attacks today !!
damn wtf is going on in paris . shit is crazy
developing : pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash , according to officials
report : pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash - cnn
how reddit saved the world via (wish i had the print version of this . jealous of all the sxsw'ers who do !)
on short notice i am suddenly attending sxsw tomorrow . trying to figure out which sessions to attend . there appears to be 30 per time slot
mashable alert ! egyptair hijacking brings country's airport security back into
egyptair hijacking brings country's airport security back into focus mashable
reports : 3 more face terror charges in brussels : authorities ordered that three rou
reports : 3 more face terror charges in brussels : authorities ordered that three rounded up in sunday
never been a dummy , nvr did what the dummies do , so tomorrow im voting obama so he can get term number 2
romney's out of touch even with his own supporters
sad news this morn of lives lost in sydney . thoughts with family friends of those lost injured .
great piece by peter hartcher in today's on the impact of the hype
last day !!!!! mega fall atv sale ! 215.712 .7433! stop in before sandy ! we have generators !
don't fuck with me this weekend , sandy . i've got way too much to do .
germany is just too good . i don't think italy can stop them
heres a lil offer if italy win euro 2012 i will cut my hair like mario balotelli .
how can people genuinely vote for romney ?? obama is such a dude
a vote for romney is a vote 4 god ! n against personal rights , womens privledges , n hope 4 the middle class 2 substain their financial lives
us voters to render verdict in close white house race : barack obama and mitt romney deadlocked in national polls
if romney wins , i'm taking all my justin bieber posters moving to canada .
how are you celebrating st . patrick's day ?
what's the point of st patrick's day if you can't drink
woke up to find out that obama is still our president ! !
with obama win a second term , i hope he too reads this .
my prayers go all to boston 3
my prayers and hope goes to everyone effected by the boston bombing . whether it is boston , bombay or bangalore it
for god has not given us a spirit of fear , but of power and of love and of a sound mind . 2 nd tim 1 :7 -we won't give in to terror !!
our love and prayers for all those in brussels . god bless !!
pictures from during /after hurricane sandy in cliffwood beach , nj .
we don't have enough water surrounding us to produce hurricanes . lol . but that wind and rain coming from hurricane sandy .
after sandy , everyone is just over halloween
ships loaded with happy tourists in port nassau two days after sandy .
literally the first statement greenwald has made that i've ever agreed with
transatlantictransadvocates | worldwide transgender and intersex news /resources [paris] after last friday .
hahaha . hurricane sandy just did my neighbors dirty last might lol
i survived hurricane sandy new york , ny let the cafepress swag flow ,
germanwings crash : andreas lubitz 'received treatment for depression ': via
breaking : germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz had a doctor's note excusing him from work for the day of the
top of the morning happy st patricks days all
cheers to a happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! drink green !
happy st .patricks day everyone - hope you have a great day !
happy st . patrick's day ! different of !
homeless acting as 4 g hotspots : charity or exploitation ?: in a controversial charitable experiment at sxsw inter
i'm so important . have a sign with my name on it . film festival 2012
romney has no shame . he lies like a rug . president obama will win .
this is a solid bet because either way obama will take your winnings and redistribute them
america : don't vote romney , he is a merman . an evil merman . (disclaimer: he's probably just a mormon . an evil mormon ).
sabato : obama is going to win via
take ifrane , i'll take paris
french police arrest 7 after operation to get paris attacks mastermind
reuters : at least 4 hostages dead at supermarket in
4 hostages dead in paris .all in the name of religion .
i'd be ecstatic with just a t-shirt xd but ill take some amps .
absolutely murrrrked the set at sxsw . catching love left and right .
if you're english and you celebrate st patricks day , you're a massive cunt .
happy st patrick's dayfromfather ted
how are you ? sandy didn't treat you too bad ?
long island for these high school sweethearts wedding . very rare nowadaysss . sandy fucked the hotel up but gonna be a damn good time still
taliban group claims lahore blast suicide attack .
taliban group claims lahore park attack via bbc
just did his thing at sxsw
hey sxsw , where are the mobile payments ? - indeed
just watched nbc's brotherhood of men commercial and now i can't wait to watch more tv !
rooting for the ne pats because the 49 ers got beat out by the giants
hope everyone has a great st . patricks day ! be safe out there ..
i added a video to a playlist facts about st . patrick's day
morning .happy st patrick's day to you ..
and a great st patrick's day was had by all
not quite a shamrock , but close enough - happy st . patrick's day to all !
happy st patrick's day ! bog
join us today as we applaud the police for only rushing protesters with guns pointed instead of gassing them .
the first point of accountability is justice for but a close second is the terror wreaked upon the citizens of
3 generations of one family among victims in germanwings crash via
latest : 3 generations of one family among victims in germanwings crash
all this stuff happening in right now and i won't hear any of it on the news tomorrow morning
push people to the brink , kill children , then punish them for daring to object . pd got to play with all their shiny toys tonight .
ebola outbreak : 25 more deaths confirmed in west africa : a who statement said that sierra leone accounted for
ebola outbreak in west africa could have 1,500 victims who don't know they're carriers via
8 fun facts about gaelic just in time for st . patrick's day :
it's officially st . patrick's day in ireland so in honor here are the 7 top irish characters from video games !
italy need something special /a miracle now
spain looks incredible whoever called them boring is retarded .
happy st patricks day to all my laker fans who dont wear green , id like to see someone try and pinch me
my awesome friends i will be doing a live st . patrick's day broadcast on i will post the time room a little later ! see you there
q isso obama q isso
as examples of good speeches or bad speeches ? i thought obama's was pretty good . romney's wasn't bad .
my green apparel has a heavy grey /black tint to it today .
our friend troy was kind enough to share these pictures with us from saturday .
happy st patrick's day everyone ! it may be a monday but that doesn't mean you can't still celebrate
happy st .patricks day don't own any green anymore oops
yal having hurricane sandy too ?
fuck sandy ! i been goin through hell for 2 weeks now , she the last thing i'm worried bout
in honor of st . patrick's day , here's some insane windsurfers riding a storm off the coast of ireland .
tell me why should i care about st patrick's day ? just give me a reason
we've updated our blog to include the link to the -
that ws real sinister in nepal n in sm parts of india ..tht's gret yo ppl r safe ..please take care n al wud be fine . cheers mate .
happy st .patrick's day ! it's a great day for the irish ! it's a great day for the shamrock the wearing of the green !
i've got to be honest with you i really really hate st . patrick's day
second american infected with ebola in liberia hiu !
tech wire : second american infected with ebola in liberia
best escape destination ? , specifically , the summit of pico de orizaba .
bruce springsteen , sxsw 2012 : the boss ' all-star protest concert rocks austin , rings hollow : filed under : concer
china news - terrorism unlikely in germanwings crash , french officials say
terrorism unlikely in germanwings crash , french officials say : as investigators reviewed one of the
happy st patrick's day - engage !
and all is back to normal in the world after a crackin st . patrick day and
some girls already think ebola na hit song like dorobucci now they be naming themselves ebolabukky ,ebolafrosh,ebola posh baby
pis i just checked out ebolafacts . ebola is deadly but preventable . get d facts and protect urself . via
gave the cause a shout out in an interview during sxsw :)
i feel like we ran into each other so much during but i was always working . film gets hectic !
hey rt ? anthology for victims has 20 committed . could always use more .
everyone stay calm . sandy is just looking for dirty dan .
when i seen pirlo step-up i said to my self this is 1 -0 italy .
what a free kick from pirlo ! 1 -0
so over this sandy hurricane and its not even here yet
sadly , i don't even think sandy can cancel duty
wtf ? sky news graphics are shite .
i've just posed mine on . fastest one i've ever written . just questions though no learning here .
cmon portugal we need a goal !!!!
holland must be sweating right about now .lol
ty ! valuable article frm wendy young 2 share w families affected by
our president has sprung into action to get things done asap to help the victims of sandy , even gov christie who
sweden have the 2 nd nicest jerseys of . worst one ? italy , hands down .
it's called getting your winning colours early . :)
mehnthis ebola shit is scary af
what would happen if ebola came to the united states ?
new post : making a run from ebola : jim iyke flees liberia sporting a face mask (look)
!! making a run from ebola : jim iyke flees liberia sporting a face mask (look): by kol via
messages like this is what's gonna make me miss my friends her
tumbleween tomorrow night ! strap on those cowboy boots and get ready for a spooky night ! doors open get here early to avoid
happy st patrick's day colin
st . patrick's day in ny , a haiku
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/g9ch1bwg7v
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/8u2jbybhkv
the nation's on how hurricane sandy will affect voting . the two disasters i write about both involved voting
i hope everyone made it through the hurricane ok . sorry that i have not been on during the past few days . we were
read cm catania's october newsletter includes helpful post-sandy links
ok sandy . it just got personal !
hurdles slow identification of brussels attacks victims : identifying the people killed in the
brussels attack : us spooks identify 'man in the hat ' who is wanted for other atrocities ^mirror
dear , please pass over typhoon hagupit .
oh no !cat 5 super typhoon hagupit poised to hit philippine islands devastated by haiyan
if you haven't voted make sure you go tomorrow ! make this a priority ! but if you voting for romney do me a favor and stay home ! thanks ! :)jk
good morning america has obama up by 100 electoral votes . what will be their excuse if he loses by the predicted 200
shiit , hurricane going to hit new york thank god i'm back !
hurricane on ! i'm gladly down for a longer weekend .
pot of gold cake pops . celebrating st . patrick's day at work
st . patrick's day revelers ! photograph by roy guste . how you durrin '?
chris christie and the 2016 presidential speculation | ana marie cox : post-sandy cosiness with p
gaurdian : chris christie and the 2016 presidential speculation | ana marie cox : post-sandy cosiness with preside
out about this afternoon talking to constituents on the east side of the district about sandy's impact
new orleans providing shelter for several mostly happy hurricane refugees |
may the mercies of the lord jesus prevail over that land and comfort the families of the dead in jesus name . amen
saturday , 04 -25-2015 , 7.9 magnitude quake slams nepal ; thousands
germanwings pilot : cockpit entry locked before crash
aftr germanwings crash airlines revamp security rules
even though it's a month later when i go to sydney i want lay a bunch of flowers to pay my respects to those who were involved !
support sympathy from the uk to our aussie friends in pls #//t.co/82puixmtv6
i am a little bit irish , so i feel the need to say happy st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day ! how do you celebrate this fun holiday ?
sandy causes tree to crash through westhampton house , other damage in the valley
we've had to reschedule seminars in ct , nj , ny pa because of sandy . here is the list call 800 -931-3140 with questions
what motivated ottawa shooting rampage ?: authorities in canada are trying to understand what mo
the most pressing questions about the ottawa shooting : authorities in canada are trying to understand what mot
enjoyed thanks guys happy st patricks day !
happy st patricks day to the cutest leprechaun in the world . xx . :)
hurricane sandy made a come back
[sny.tv: metsblog ] mailbag : does sandy alderson have full autonomy ?
hey don't forget the big bin for beverages for and this weekend , please .
mario gomez . 22 seconds of possession at and 3 goals .
nymex will close its trading floor monday for hurricane sandy , though electronic trading will rt
[autotweet] - nymex will close its trading floor monday for hurricane sandy , though electronic trading will be
my heart hurts for paris tonight . stay strong . y'all are in our thoughts and prayers
paris attack , hope you are well !
driving home in a hurricane living on the edge
are you guys braving out sandy and staying in aston for the weekend ?
broke out my green hat ! happy st . patrick's day !
congratulations on your book padraig and happy st patricks day .
[news] fuse to stream sxsw shady 2.0 showcase live , yelawolf no longer performing : update : 50 cent will perform
hiphopdx [news] fuse to stream sxsw shady 2.0 showcase live , yelawolf no longer performing : updat
gen hasnain's thoughtful analysis on why muslims still do not find themselves as a part of europe .
obama's jv isis team strikes again in brussels . he says they are contained . get ready to be deconstructed . convention of states needed .
hurricane sandy will put a rickety power grid to the test via
the hurricane sandy aftermath : she came , she saw , she destroyed . hurricane sandy came ashore las
yes happy st patricks day to all the wonderful people ! : )
happy st patrick's day the icing is 13 %
i love how no creative types check-in until it's sxsw .
wow ! tried to say hi to a friend & told they are kicking all of us out
who went to the st . patrick's day parade in today ?
early st patrick's day turnup
free calls to land lines and mobiles in :
instead of spending on your send some money to for the people that no longer have moms
tbh ion even know what st .patricks day is for
celebrate st patricks day by tackling like
is to day st . patricks day ? so many people are wearing green
my grandma sent me a happy st . patricks day text haha
french authorities say dozens dead in paris attacks :
at least 35 reported dead , 100 hostages taken in paris
my heart goes out to the soldier that has been shot
soldier shot at ottawa war memorial gunman reported in parlement in ottawa .
happy st patricks day daddy !
i feel like it's been st . patrick's day forever .
what ?, let's talk about nigeria why is it always about you whites ?
our hearts go out to the families and friends of the victims from today's tragic event . peace be with you
rat news online : ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who
ivorian refugees blocked over ebola from
st . patrick's day goodies via
who's going to st . patrick's day party tomorrow ?
bangers and mash . happy st patricks day
it may be snowing but we're still celebrating . happy st . patrick's day !
i want to see a robbie keane goal and his trademark celebration its been a while since we have seen it .
no1s scored a banger yet this tournament
russia looked very impressive . deserve their dark horse tag .
a football fan watches any football ! 3 weeks of football
i feel for new jersey residents , the state hardest hit by the hurricane . generally , they suffer more from disasters
restaurants on the east coast start to recover from hurricane ^bs
normality inches back at paris hospitals after facing 'surgery of war ': 221 patients still in ho
normality inches back at paris hospitals after facing 'surgery of war ': 221 patients still in hospital o
aye , did romney ever give up ?
good morning s /o to obama
good morning . my kind of coffee ! happy st . patrick's day !
u-g-l-y monday morning ! only thing green on st . patrick's day is the radar . drive carefully !
va beach and chesapeake split 50 /50 but norfolk and portsmouth was all obama basically .
my last tweet does not mean i voted for obama
happy st patricks day . i wish we all could be the prodigals - happy man : via
happy st . patrick's day folks have a good one !!!
too poor to celebrate st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day ! stay safe while celebrating .
'israel under renewed hamas attack ', says the bbc . more balance is needed | owen jones via
'israel under renewed hamas attack ', says the more balance is needed via
if homeless vets come first , why do you vote for gop politicians that cut their benefits after sending them to war ?
denying innocents safe passage from horror is an act of terrorism in itself
retweeted cnn after , the world turns blue , white and red for france
french police say he was a 30 -year old french national - and took part in the theatre attacks . ec
please join us in praying for those in the ottawa area .
ottawa police looking for witnesses : 613 -236-1222 x5493 or 9 -1-1 or natdiv_media_divna
happy st patricks day ! may the luck of the irish shine on you today :-)
happy st patrick's day to our fellow irishmen and :)
so apparently if you don't like obama , you're racist
romney just said he's praying for obama to guide our nation , if we all did that we'd be set .
great turnout for the annual st patrick's day parade in henderson
saint patrick you sure fucked us all up
because the murder from two days ago and the shooting from yesterday that happened in cities hours away from each other are related
canadian leader says capital shootings terror-related : a gunman fatally shot a canadian soldier before being k
today everyone is irish , even the bass . happy st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day !!! although that's not the best looking pint , is it ???
obama hits d bomb on romney
gold held in for some time but is now also loosing its shine . not a good sign , a rejection like this hours after obama's re-election
at a hotel an hour away from home . thanks sandy
2 nov 12, predicting hurricane sandy , from ieee spectrum
paris terrorist attacks : syrian refugees are victims too - communities digital news
rooney : i spoke to united teammates in paris after attack
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/xcttcgt4ou
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please spread please //t.co/xod3vytf18
no matter where you're from happy st . patrick's day ! what are you listening to in your celebrations ?
happy st . patrick's day from financial assistance services !
have been reading and watching what's been going on in ottawa . thoughts and prayers to our northern neighbors .
what happened in ottawa someone has to know
happy st . patrick's day from ga ! via
st . patrick's day always wins .
congrats !! u watching soccer ? let's do a footy ladies line in britain ..
crushed them italians like the tomatoes on my margherita pizza (i've been cracking lame jokes all night !)ps ru here yet !
happy st patrick's day from our mount dora segway blokes !
happy st . patrick's day ! remember to recycle !
hoping everyone on the east coast is okay and dry as hurricane sandy makes herself known . wishing you all warmth and safety .
prayin for those that got hurt in the hurricane
somehow sandy gon fuck my refund from coming on time and i go to a black school which means i will get it by christmas
hope you're hunkering down with sandy coming for a visit !
the world we live in , is really disappointing .
on a more serious note r .i.p. for those who lost their lives today in boston . and a safe recovery for the ones injured
obama on : there's no excuse for police to use excessive force during peaceful protests
- no excuse for police to use excessive force against peaceful protesters . police should not be bullying journalists .
we are open today for st patricks day , wishing all our customers a very lucky day . 01268 734612
happy saint patrick's day ! here is a clip of riverdance to get you in the mood to celebrate the big day :)
i'd love to be celebrating st . patrick's day with my special 3 ones . =[it would be the best intro ever to my
she takes st . patricks day over the top , and we love her for it !
happy st patricks day to my favourite irish boy x
happy st . patricks day ! celebrate with us at the social network for !
now we got a mf hurricane sandy
cause of sandy my moms friend ha to leave her house and they r gonna stay with us . her husband is british . i'm done
the crew of fed the police at precinct 1 police station on centre st . post .
jokes about climate change juxtaposed w /video of devastation by egregious words from an ass-wipe !
oh ya it's st . patricks day
did you have a great st patricks day ?
aljazeera news crisis talks held as ebola death toll soars : ministers from 11 african nations hold crisis meet
newsgrab : crisis talks held as ebola death toll soars : ministers from 11 african nations hold crisi
i'm sorry if you got ebola you just need to take one for the team .
west african airline suspends flights amid ebola scare : police officers deployed to liberia's international
that's crazy what happened in paris
what happened in paris ? i keep seeing things but i have no idea o :
pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash : sourceread more
pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash : source | etribune , sports
i just love the italian national anthem
italy have the best national anthem . no exceptions .
fify : citizens tired of being the target of muslim-extremist bombings .
barack obama urges americans not to 'stigmatize' muslims in wake of brussels attack
wait a second , is it st patrick's day ?
happy st . patrick's day !! we're busy with deliveries today so we can celebrate tonight . we would be remiss if
iiwonder who's going to be the first rapper to make aa song about pres . obama reelection .
mitt romney seems like a nice enough guy but he's such a fucking idiot its untrue . how can you be that well educated an
happy st . patricks day , time to drink till we drop !
happy st patrick's day everyone , come and see us at newbridge clane edenderry parades
if all the black people in america (including felons ..people currently in jail and people too young to vote ) were to vote for obama he still
i rather have a black guy even if it is obama !
theirs a hurricane that's about to hit ny
but wait i get to see in one weekthat's way more important than the hurricane crap
naw i'm good . last year's st . patrick's day was good enough for me
trying to figure out if i want to write a st . patrick's day
another attack in brussels ?!?! god damn
prayers for brussels and solutions for our world .
wine is an essential hurricane item ! drink beer from fridge first , then move onto red wine :)
i am a hurricane wilma survivor .
i'll have no problems with unless she fucks up my internet or makes us lose power for an ungodly amount of time .
i'm ready for this hurricane . already got me tree , dutch , and cigarettes .
glad to hear it ! enjoy this sunday - hopefully sandy won't be soooo bad tomorrow
not such a great sunday . hurricane sandy is going to hit us . please be safe all !!
whole open-air-broadcast-from-a-war-zone thing necessitates a few extra accessories
all of the coverage is a joke , at this point , but fox news is finding the craziest of the craziest and putting them on camera .
haven't we ignored all the ebola outbreaks ?
u .s. doctor in liberia infected with ebola
two possible learnings from sandy : i . it looks like gw is for real . ii . it seems that the severity and timing is speeding up .
your guide to grocery shopping post-sandy : (got updates ? let us know in the comments !)
got myself a guinness for st patricks day
happy st . patricks day ..now turn up !
dr . sheik umar khan , who has leadebola fight in sierra leone , dies aftercontracting the virus -
dr sheik umar khan , leading the fight against ebola in sierra leone , dies after contracting the virus sad .
alan pardew keeps looking directly down the lens and its freaking me out .
i like how the dutch name and numbers looked ironed on with gaffa tape !
brits among thousands caught in nepal earthquake
kathmandu (reuters) - nepal urged countries to send aid to help it cope with the aftermath of a devastating earthquake that killed ne
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely : typhoon hagupit , which
news typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely from
newswatch : new york prepares for the worst from sandy : new york prepares for the worst as two powerful
news newswatch : new york prepares for the worst from sandy : new york prepares for the worst as two powe
work is going to be either really busy tonight because of st .patricks day or dead because of the weather
the st patrick's day earthquake . what a green shaker .
school of sorrow : germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning fox 17
fox 17 : school of sorrow : germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning
i really hope the comes to boston . you are messing with the wrong city
worst thing since the boston massacre around here ..
quick order your while you are still alive sandy
they say that when the gowanus canal floods , sludgie comes back .
happy st patrick's day i can't participate bc of lent
happy st . patrick's day from are you celebrating with green today ?
more gutting work . water came knee high inside .
these images of ny /nj after hurricane sandy show the devastating impact - a region battered and hurting
eight-year-old child among the dead at boston marathon bombing . crazy ! i hate hatred . sick world .
justice department turns full resources to boston bombings
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/ns0rfdnnei
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/2ru2hwqasx
anything they need /4 sandy we will b there ! we won't get bogged down with red tape . amazing 4 a storm but not 4 the 4 murdered in
thinking of everyone in the path of hurricane . pls folo local storm reports take care of yourselves .
so have no prediction yet on spain v italy ??
it's one of those eat n tv type of nights , retardies ofcourse gotta be ready for tommorow
[news update ] | anambra braves up against ebola , warns against bush meat |via daily post
say no to bush meat because ebola
we are keeping a close eye on hurricane sandy . here are three things you can do to prepare : 1 ) stock a three-day
gm all - all thoughts today are with those in the path of hurricane !
happy st patricks day walking to work with no coat day !
happy st .patricks day y'all :d!
sandy causes mitt romney to cancel his 2 remaining events in virginia sunday , will go to ohio instead , our
listen up ! canada is going to be hit hard with hurricane sandy too , and we're not as tough as americans . only me !
poor getting poorer ! ! but corrupt getting richer
prove has the money to transition to 100 % clean energy via
a very happy st patricks day to you ireland cricket team
omg ! can't believe i got it freee ! happy st .patricks day
no one will be pinching the or today . caught over guinness with
friendly st . patrick's day recipes from
still no football at the penthouse , just heaven , cannot stand the game !#footballfreezone
why couldn't the game have been like this from the start ?
craft beers for st patrick's day
cody's st patricks day party .
energy self-sufficiency in the u .s. is a pipe dream , so buy energy service companies : hurricane sandy disrupted
markets news - energy self-sufficiency in the u .s. is a pipe dream , so buy energy service companies : hurricane s
obama is just so cute hsnskge
well obama will take the lead during the day tomorrow until all the republicans get off of work . hahaha
150515 kolon sports ig update : exo nepal donation event (yixinqins)
wreckage of us military helicopter found in nepal
i'm now referring to myself as hurricane sandy .
what the fuk did sandy do to yo ass ?
((noticias sin )) the latest on nepal quake : thousands try to leave kathmandu : thousands line up at bus stations in kathmandu in bid t
((lifestylenews)) the latest on nepal quake : thousands try to leave kathmandu : thousands line up at bus stations in kathmandu in bid
i heard was celebrating st patrick's day
i so wish i was celebrating at . patricks day in savannah
at sxsw - if your here as well let me know if ya want to hook up
at sxsw ? yes we must hook up . when you getting into town
election : obama and romney in final votes push : with only one day left to woo undecided vote
if you a minority , senior citizen , student , woman , or homosexual , and you voting for romney then you a hoe and need to be stomped out asap
indiewire : the search for indie tv at sxsw - what ;s the television equivalent of independent film ? it ;s a qu
is amazing ! what's even more amazing is tour with and starts in a week . see you guy
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! stay safe and warm !!!
happy st . patrick's day ! keep it greenand organic !!
now that obama's won , let's get back to the important discussion . son of sardaar or jab tak hai jaan or bheje me goli ?
s /o to the states that won , so in other words , fuck my state
wear with your this morning call it an !happy st .patrick's day everyone !
happy st . patrick's day !!! we are taking a little break this upcoming weekend , but we will be back at it on
we need the backgrounds of the pilots now . if it's a 'lone wolf ' terrorist we need to act before others get similar ideas .
: stop covering up the identity of the pilots .
shit i can feel the tension , this is nothing less than a classic match-up right here !
let the game begins .. germany-italy
rt rt please anyone is boston ! looking for rachel demers , was at the marathon . has not been geard from yet ! h
why would anyone do such a horrible , cruel thing ? the world's becoming more and more scarier to be in .
video : 'terrifying night ' as homes hit by typhoon : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the phil
video : 'terrifying night ' as homes hit by typhoon : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippines , to
he was a canadian soldier who died at the shooting today in ottawa
gunman kills canadian soldier in ottawa
st . patrick's day give-a-away ! //t.co/rfto1zrldo
celtic pandora on at work ? yes its st . patrick's day :-d
we'd like to rt some local organizations that are aiding relief efforts for the victims of here in - pl
register with fema - if you sustained losses of damages from hurricane sandy you may be eligible for disaster assist
im hope in 2 nd term obama taunts the right wing by dropping barack and asking to instead be called by his middle name
well said romney . i may not identify with your party but you were a very respectable candidate .
superstorm leaves manhattan in the dark : superstorm sandy slammed into the new jersey coastline - from cbn news
superstorm leaves manhattan in the dark : superstorm sandy slammed into the new jersey coastline with 80 mph wind
man of course hurricane sandy doesn't cause power outage at my school !
i'm hoping that makes my sister wanna move to nc i know she was scared alone in brooklyn . :-/
i have a green sprossling that i wear on st patrick's day too . :)
i wish i had my hair out , cus it's green st patricks day tomorrow .
the world is not fucked up . paris is full of undesirables . rip all the dead . we'll all live .
thoughts are with those all affected in paris right now , awful news
anonymous reportedly shut down thousands of isis twitter accounts in response to paris a
anonymous reportedly shut down thousands of isis twitter accounts in response to paris attacks : anonymous rece
otb : new york marathon diverts scarce resources after sandy
new at otb : new york marathon diverts scarce resources after sandy
my god this st patrick's day in dublin was awesome !! and back in dublin this week end for the electric run ! =(
i could've got drunk for st . patricks day if i knew we weren't having class
greatdeal african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented ebo
happy st patricks day to all our lovely irish guests ; and the ones that 'want to be '!!!
happy st patrick's day to my favourite irish man :)
happy st . patrick's day ! you should have scored at least 2 goals against ethnikos but you were unlucky .find a 4 leaf clover
happy st patricks to nigeria too , may you all find your pot of gold , at the end of the rainbow ..
heard abt the again ! stay strong nepal !
another earthquake in nepal ? too much .
wearing teal for st . patricks day
to all of our friends , happy st . patrick's day !
i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day for the longest time ..
now this is some st . patrick's day shit right here :
st patrick's day proves good omen for the irish by
did st patricks day right , remember sod all and woke up next to a big green irish hat
it sure as hell wouldn't have crashed the way it just did . the people that backed out , backed out because obama was relected
now instead of obama and romney my twitter is filled with shit about snow and weathersmh y'all actin like you never seen snow before ?
opinion : attack challenges the roots of western democracy
this french incident is scary hope no one you know was hurt . pick
you know who doesn't know or care if you're safe from the nepal earthquake the people who still got family and friends dying
marking urself 'safe' on fb from the nepal earthquake is really disgusting
hope the germans sent some hookers round the dutch team hotel again like in '74. worked a treat that year .
if you think germany v england is a serious rivalry , it has nothing on their beef with the dutch . here's why :
it's cold in florida there's a hurricane in new york
really though .we couldn't come up with a better name then hurricane
no one played badly . every 1 did their jobs well . but this is how hodgeson will play . like it or lump it !
wen ppl say spain r gonna win and england r dead i just think of how chelsea won da champions league lol
germanwings crash : andreas lubitz crashed the plane 'intentionally': french pr
germanwings crash : andreas lubitz crashed the plane 'intentionally': french prosecutor robin brice says co-pil
happy st patrick's day to you derek
thank you for organizing our second st . patrick's day !
pray for those that were affected by hurricane sandy . may god be with them and their families .
the second-largest refinery on the u .s. east coast suffered some flooding and a power outage from hurricane sandy ,
st . patrick's day bagpipes from milwaukee lakefront
i wish i was in kindergarten on st . patricks day .
happy st . patricks day has a great doodle as usual
scs would like to wish everyone a happy and safe st . patrick's day !!
sodapp 11 : death toll from nepal earthquake surpasses 2,200
josetweeting : death toll from nepal earthquake surpasses 2,200
britons should be alert but not alarmed , uk home secretary theresa may says in wake of paris attacks
is there video from is .before or after for paris latest developement
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/a3ugib185splz read sign ?
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vyop81b9xy
my boyfriend was in line when polls opened today , eager to vote in his 1 st general election as a us citizen . proud american !
texas , louisiana , kansas , nebraska , n and s dakota , wyoming go to . new york , new mexico , michigan go to .
what kind of brain washing needs to take place to make people do this ?!
thinking about those affected in paris this evening
fed gov spending at 4.2 billion every day . this needs to stop . vote romney .
if you over 18 and not registered to vote the means you voting for mitt romney .
pukhtunkhwa times : huge hurricane sandy bears down on east coast
these hurricane sandy accounts arent funny
my heart hurts . je t'aime paris .
i'm so glad that nearly everyone on twitter (except for some childish dicks ) is supporting the terrorism attack in paris and in other places
after paris attacks , pentagon quietly shifts to new phase of isis war : the islamic state grou
after paris attacks , pentagon quietly shifts to new phase of isis war : the islamic state group's ferocio -adan
just under 100 votes in inverclyde . thats how right this is .
jings yes didn't even pick up inverclyde ?
two plates piled high with cookies , plus the dough and the 10 we stress ate .
congratulations are in order for pres obama ! but , how good it is for kpo's bpo's of ? more jobs in usa or for india ?
their best chance is voter complacency so please vote no !
aye or die . get it done scotland !!
our behind the scenes video was showed at sxsw in austin texas :)
still recovering from last weekend at and heading out to portland or in 4 hrs .
update : all attackers are believed to be dead said head of paris police , tweeted .
a cambodian restaurant was also attacked in paris
is your hair funky colours for st patricks day or nah
st patricks day today ! going to look out for shamrock / four leaf clovers , have a good pint and a good day x
a lament for boston : can i ever go home again ?
boston celtics beat orlando magic for ideal match up with new york knicks - rant sports
thoughts and prayers are with everyone on the east coast . hope grandma held on tight !#sandy
oh yearh . i blame sandy
it's not going to be obama's fault anymore ; it's the people's .
damn there's so many trends for obama :
now serving strawberry cheesecake ice cream and final
goodness me clive , with all this excitement anyone would think it's the final ! good luck to both sides
happy st . patrick's day ! have fun and be safe during the festivities !
happy st patricks day by the way
huge nepal quake triggers 18 moderate tremors : the intensity of tremors that have hit nepal can be gauged by the fact that after the
huge nepal quake triggers 18 moderate tremors : the intensity of tremors that have hit nepal can
countdown to belanda vs denmark :d
interesting ! denmark vs holland , who do you think will win ?
dtn usa : eagles of death metal members escape paris terror attack : the members of the american rock band eagle
entertainment : eagles of death metal members escape paris terror attack : the members of the am
due to the hurricane - halloween special extended to fri ,11/2 at cob . $15 off membership / $50 off conv ..
nj forcing displaced people to buy an item in the store before renting vans and pickup trucks . that's pulling together .
uprooted one of our trees in our front yard .
not even can conquer the spirit of gangnam style .
there was a tragedy in boston today , yes , but remember kids at home have tragedies of their own everyday . if you send prayers , send for all .
i'd like to know how many of you will actually pray for boston tonight .. it's not just a trend , prayer has a meaning ..use it !
last day of ! happy st . patrick's day !
last of it's st . patricks day .it's gonna be crazy but i'm ready for it !
my team germany vs portugal
can't wait for germany v portugal today !
holy cow . i've been so out of touch today . just finding out about the ottawa shootings . prayers thoughts for everyone involved :(
our soldier , gunman killed in ottawa shooting !! rip !!
dear admin of please don't retweet old posts any more . you should be the hub in providing updated news of .
large intern media coverage nothing for
looks likely the czech's have bounced the greeks out of the euro's ..
full-time . important 3 points for czech .
such a great photo ! happy st patrick's day to you both xx
happy st . patrick's day !! don't forget to get your green on !
theres an ebola outbreak and all sorts of plane crashes what is going on ..
liberia is experiencing a difficult period at this time with the deadly ebola disease spreading in our country .
track of sandy : - 'frankenstorm' could wreak havoc on east coast
damm they said a hurricane and a snow storm coming wtf
i hope obama make it so i will me able to get foodstamps
we all knew that obama was gonna win the female vote the minute he sang al green
free speech shall always win over terrorism !
it takes a special kind of coward to fear pens and ink and humor and satire .
sandy bringing life-threatening storm surge : hurricane sandy is barreling its way northeast ,
cnn happening now : sandy bringing life-threatening storm surge : hurricane sandy is barreling its way northeast ,
[abcnews] crew , some passengers remain on hijacked plane : there are still some passengers and members of the c
( ) crew , some passengers remain on hijacked plane : there are still some passeng ( )
nah it's st . patricks day why would you be drunk right now ?
here we go ! st . patrick's day parade on online now !
mayors boycott st . patrick's day parades : boston mayor martin walsh has made up his mind -- he will
fr mayors boycott st . patrick's day parades : boston mayor martin walsh has made up his mind -
its still st patricks day come have sex with me since you're irish and all .
in montreal , st . patrick's day is tomorrow .
nepal villagers jam small himalayan town , demanding more help after major earthquake
: nepal villagers jam small himalayan town , demanding more help after major earthquake via
my heart goes out to the families people effected by the bombing in boston today . my thoughts prayers are with u guys
i know especially after everything that happened in boston today toocan't be safe anywhere
this man makes my st patrick's day ! xx
more into traditional irish fare than college sized hangovers ? tonight's saint patrick's day celebration is for you :
i baked this st . patrick's day cake today .
st . patrick's day parade was so bomb
but he loooves the warmth of the island and its lush vegetation . it reminds him of his childhood (which he acts out )
brussels attacks : attackers still on the loose - as it happened on march 23 evening
i want to see the too . but it's on 12 pm in germany and i have to get up at 7 am tomorrow . ) :
anyone know what time the half time show will screen in
good morning from scotland - still part of the united kingdom .
scotland has voted no ! just proves that the united kingdom is !!
can't wait for history class to hear the two biggest idiots talk about how awesome it is that obama wonbecause he's
wait to win romney's state xd
oh , happy st patricks day from and the rest of wave !!
ciroc and oj with my baby ! :) happy st patricks day .
pls and for accounts from the ground while is under attack by .
niet alles is gaza wat uit gaza komt
such a great response to the sydney hostage situation
the sydney siege is making me sick .
liberians in us worry about ebola outbreak : ebola not distant threat for liberians in us ; outbreak
(#teambrianmundial) liberians in us worry about ebola outbreak : ebola not distant threat f (#teambrianmundial)
everyone should look like this tonight
storm surge - 5 -10 ft at high tide with 6 -10 inches of rain with high winds via
officially st patricks day . here we go .
happy st .patricks day everyone x
if it wasn't because of the retarded citizenship fucked up law in italy , we'd have multiple balotellis on the team
wait , gomez podolski out ?? are the germans throwing the towel ?
on november 6 th mitt romney will win the presidential election
omg , i am soo tiredd of hearin ' about obama romney ! can obama just win soo everybody can move on with their lives .
5 emergency apps to download before hurricane sandy hits [video] via be prepared
i just wanna go home , fuck you sandy
just finished what a small percentage of the world can do - voted for the next potus . have you voted yet ?
everyone be sure to go out and today ! every vote counts so be sure to exercise your right !
so sad to hear about the shootings and explosion in paris .
how is that match being finished in paris . more important things .
sandy begins transition into hurricane nor'easter blend - washington post (blog): nbcnews .comsandy begins transi
dear hurricane sandy last time irene hit home so bad , caused my mom sis 2 be homeless 12 wks . mind taking detour cutting us a break ?
if u haven't seen us resistance to the police state , ur missing out !
2 unsuccessful attempts at this rally but i'm gonna keep trying
i don't have a good feeling about these blasts in boston ; just one excuse is what's needed to start another war .
going to bed tonight with a heavy heart for all who have been affected by this senseless act . never take anything 4 granted .
obama won ;; now get the fuck over it .
i say we just make obama president of canada too . our pm is weak anyways . they have to leave our health care alone tho .
waking up at 6 am to vote . doing it for you obama *gives dab *
since i can impersonate obama and can't romney , i'm voting obama . more $ to be made . right , ?
now more than ever , can't we just get along
terrible attack on press freedom . rip all those who lost their lives .
rainy st patrick's day parade
happy st . patrick's day appleton !
i am either getting sick , or suffering barometer head from the impending sandy . either wayi feel like crap .
99 % good for qual today . looks promising for sun but depends how sandy moves
happy st .patrick day !!! can't wait to be off and get a cold green beer into me
happy saint patrick's day to all my friends and family at home !! have a few green beers for me !!
if you are one of the 47 % who romney doesn't want to represent , .
barack obama is white ! chris rock legt het even uit .
ebola takes heavy toll on health workers with at least 50 dead : the ebola virus continues its grim
ebola takes heavy toll on health workers with at least 50 dead via
who would your england team be for tonight ?
football fans , england vs sweden what we saying ? score predictions please !
romney still won't call obama , come on dude don't be a sore loser .
romney's going through his files looking for a good concession speech but instead keeps finding women .
belgian broadcaster identifies 2 suspects in attacks : brussels (ap) -- belgian state broadcaster r (ap)
belgian broadcaster identifies 2 suspects in attacks : brussels (ap) -- belgian state broadcaster rtbf h
so yeah the neighbors romney signs didnt make it past noon lol
so is everyone in belgium cheering for obama gonna go ahead and partake in local issues now or is it back to not giving two shits ?
see this : new york city subways to shut down as sandy approaches - wall street journal [a link in my bio ]
let see this ! new york city subways to shut down as sandy approaches - wall street journal (a link in my bio )
paris racism causes life threatening illnesses , study says | news | telesur english
prevention is the best solution . too late for many countries .
first american killed in paris identified as california college student | fox news
my prayers goes out to paris ! my thoughts and prayers for all those affected
npr news : death , sex and a glimmer of hope : reporting on ebola from sierra leone
death , sex and a glimmer of hope : reporting on ebola from sierra leone : how does a town cope with
shots fired inside office of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo
shots fired inside charlie hebdo office
my prayers are goin out to the ppl that live in new york city or anywhr in that area where hurricane sandy is suppo
all because of sandy-y-y-y-y *singing*
these stories from the boston marathon break my heart
world boston marathon explosions : hunt for clues : sky's foreign editor tim marshall explains how the
managed to persuade ballack to defend england during the half . knew lalas wasn't going to do it .
the ref for england v france (itv)
silive .comcorporations just beginning to tally sandy's costswall street jou
sean hannity is on the radio saying that the government isn't doing enough to help victims .
live : 10 dead , 30 injured in explosions at brussels , belgium
thinking of everyone in brussels . just dreadful , yet again x
hurricane sandy can you please destroy my school ? i don't wanna do my hw ! just please ?
stay safe east coastersit looks like its gonna get ugly
happy st . patricks day !!! one of my favorite days of the year !
what you got on for at patricks day clemmie ? we wanna know
happy st .patrick's day proud to b
thanks ! borrowed it from my son . happy st . patrick's day
belgian police carry out brussels raids related to paris attacks : brussels (reuters) - belgian police carried
(en) belgian police carry out brussels raids related to paris attacks
-national emergency has been called in france - hundreds are being held captive by extremists in paris
dam paris is going crazy right now
at sxsw ? because paul carr is , launching his book today at bookpeople in austin via
at sxsw ? because paul carr is , launching his book today at bookpeople in aus via
i'm like 400 km from sydney and i'm shitting myself . praying for everyone there ! xx
handy live thread on reddit re sydney hostage situation : and reg thread :
happy st . patrick's day to all . make luck be with you today !!
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at cowpokes !!
world trade center redevelopment : hurricane sandy floods wtc with 15 to 30 feet of water : crain's reports that h
new numbers : 27 deaths in the new york area from hurricane sandy
we are open , happy st .patricks day .
session starting with a happy st .patricks day !
torres tackled by the keeper who didn't even go to ground when 1 on 1 .. is this life ?! lol
buffon full of experiencehe knew what torres would do
our dublin team is seeing green :-) happy st . patrick's day from everyone at
hello are you wearing green today ? we are ! sort of ;-) have a fantastic st patrick's day !
hurricane sandy , a drenching reminder that tough times inspire remarkable innovation via
hurricane sandy , a drenching reminder that tough times inspire remarkable innovation : half my town is crammed in
in wake of sandy , a 'cruise to nowhere ' from baltimore : the cancellation of the carnival pr | favoritecityguides
in wake of sandy , a 'cruise to nowhere ' from baltimore : the cancellation of the carnival pride's sailing on sund
my thoughts and prayers to those in paris . hate is never the answer .
prayers to the people of paris france , remain strong .
david cameron congratulates 'my friend barack obama ' as he wins second term in white house : david cam
david cameron congratulates 'my friend barack obama ' as he wins second term in white house : david cameron warmly
happy st patrick's day back at ya !
happy st . patrick's day - have a great day everyone who is celebrating !
see the people who had contact with the ebola victim that died in lagos
see the people who had contact with the ebola victim that died in lagos via
cnn : sandy disrupts campaigns ; impact on race too early to tell : the massive hurricane barreling toward the east
weathering the hurricane with wine , spaghettios , and digestive tea biscuits .
happy st . patrick's day ! here's a little funny to brighten your day !
happy st . patricks day !!! i'm irish and proud of it !!!!
kathmandu witnesses continuous rainfall since late last night .
kathmandu witnesses continuous rain since late last night .
terror attacks : heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid #: gunfir
favorite jen mockingjay pt 2 premiere ? (pt 2 )rt for london premierelike for paris premiere
yahoo legal news : sandy frees 2 panthers in fla .: two young panthers are being hunted in yu
dtn korean news : sandy frees 2 panthers in fla .: two young panthers are being hunted in yulee , fla ., after they
lol patrick gonna get all the thotties !
am just going to start crying i think all my st . patrick jokes today are affecting my clippers come on patrick am sorry haha
obama doesn't have the power to legalize weed , congress does . btw it's still illegal by federal law .
i'm tired of these obama romney tweets . they getting old .
for st patricks day ??..that's what heard from mr rabbit
guys monday is st patrick's day
so far eli is being asked to manage the game with safe play calls and good quick reads .
i feel dirty listening to this commentary about tight ends and gaping holes
happy st patrick's day ! make sure you have a guinness and some soda bread
happy st patrick's day !! sharing the luck .
if my great nan was still around st . patricks day would be so different , miss her so much .
happy st patrick's day as well :-)
how in the hell ,,does this police officer ,,just leave town ?
mb's autopsy is correct ? both eyewitnesses you did a vid on conflict with the autopsy you shared . who's right ?
retweeted quartz france responded to the paris attacks by bombing syria
what will come after paris , via
i have been calm ; when i get falsely accused of shooting bodies , the real facts come out .
i like how he decided to drink some coffee while they were talking about the shooting in ottawa .
find any biz news video : homes hit by typhoon hagupit : several homes have been damaged by typhoon hagupit in t
become a digital jedi and help respond to typhoon by volunteering with
the people on that stage are the reason things like happen
i added a video to a playlist isis supporters declare responsibility for terrorist attacks in paris |
ohhh st . patrick's day .., i love you .
you get more excited for st . patrick's day than christmas
yay !! my friend dayna's ex is the first openly gay elected senator ever !! oh and obama beat a man whose policies he copied .
the win by today is a win for the free world
a pagan celebration of st . patrick's day : seven or eight years ago , i shocked a large group of my pagan friend
new progrim ! to satiate your appetite for talk radio during your st . patrick's day drinking !
turn down for what ! happy st . patricks day !
two book's for st . patrick's day
took the day off work but woke up sick . happy st patricks day to me .
happy st . patricks day . wish i could celebrate it right but i gotta work all day .
great to see my twitter friends posting about voting . i'm glad that my state has early voting wonder why more states don't .
was really hoping for a curtain . neighborhood - colorado springs
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/z1nssurmtd
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/inrp2jethn
mayor of london presentsst patrick's day parade 2013
thanks for confirmation , happy st patricks day !
over 150 killed in monstrous terror attacks across paris : moscow -- gunmen opened fire in multiple paris locat
it's not only an attack against paris , it's an attack against humanity
no problem thank you for the follow . happy st . patricks day !
happy st . patrick 's day lol really cool :p he has styles i think !
let's hope spain vs italy lives up to expectations . spain have incredible team but will they succeed without recognised striker
no torres , hilarious that spain don't trust him so they play 6 midfielders instead . come on fabregas !
haha at least people voting ron paul made romney lose in a couple of states :p 3 rd party ftw !
if obama wins i am moving to digimon world
contributed to red cross to help victims of sandy . unbelievable devastation ! wish we could do more . prayers are with them .
think hurricane sandys come to manchester
ebola kills top doctor in liberia , official says - monrovia , liberia ; one of liberia's most high-profile d
ebola kills top doctor in liberia , official says - monrovia , liberia ; one of liberia's most high-profi
sandy come back , i don't want to do marketing
china spared from hurricane sandy's destruction
riot police battle to restore order as thousands try to leave kathmandu . | via
riot police battle to contain crowds trying to leave kathmandu
today : portugal vs denmark and holland vs germany
portugal to finally beat denmark later !
omg !!!! again earthquake hits our country , nepal .
another earthquake has hit nepal , devastatingly . please donate anything you can :
cant imagine the pain of the victims and their families . rest in peace , angels .#lahoreblast
chairman has asked party workers to rush to hospitals in blood .
need help keeping your children calm , safe in aftermath of ? helps .
knicks vs . nets postponed ? sandy's not playing games .
hi mary are you safe after sandy . !
thanks but sandy was a few days ago
'i wish i had been able to fulfil your hopes ': how romney likely brought an end to his political career : romney
even though obama is re-elected . god is on the throne and never has to be re-elected !
good result for a draw for sweden and ukraine would be good too
i have so much respect for zlatan
that moment when everyone's heart dropped thinking patriots were gunna touchdown in the last 17 seconds . =
the main topic everybody gone bhee talking abt 2 day !
imo this ones a tricky fixture for germany . if italy score first they sure can protect the lead .
schweinsteiger and germany are about to punish italy !
monday and tuesday we cancelled classes because of the hurricane , wednesday we cancelled classes because of trick
wsjny : security worries in manhattan's blackout zone ( and a remote part of queens (
our heartfelt condolences for the families their loss . our hearts are with you in this time of sorrow .
i can imagine ! it's such a tragedy -i'm just glad help has been rushed quickly too !
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at foley's ny !
baileys in my coffee happy st patricks day homos
countdown is on greece to win the first match 2 -1russia to beat the czechs 1 -0#prediction
just realised that my driving lesson clashes with the start of the poland vs greece game . thank god for sky +
holy smoke ! germany vs . netherlands it better live up to its expectations !
i'd definitely love to see portugal go out tonight , denmark potential dark horse of the tournament
exo at kolon sports nepal donation event-pic . to : iridescent 0412 -
150515 exo at kolon sport nepal donations event
:imhartyz wenger 'in shock ' after paris : arsene wenger says he was left in shock as he watc
wenger 'in shock ' after paris : arsene wenger says he was left in shock as he watched friday's paris attacks unfold from a hotel room
sounds like obama won because of the youth vote and women vote . justin bieber should've run .
congratulations obama 4 being re elected . you go america best news heard all day . love to lady gaga from australia xxx
due to the aftermath of hurricane sandy , our sign is no longer visible to our visitors .
happy halloween ! thinking of all those effected by today and hoping today brings more treats than tricks to those on the east coast .
gotta admit im only watching this year for the commercials . they better be good
is more of a holiday than most real holidays
if romney becomes president , i'm just gonna go ahead and kill myself . just so y'all know .
rt so i'm watching da simpsons and homer voted for romney and he was sucked into dis big as tunnel tha cartoons even
yeah thats it .i also think it was a tragic thing in paris but nobody's doing this # for iraq , syria , palestine
praying for paris . prayer is not everything but changes everything
[ ] intelligence officials look for al-qaeda link in charlie hebdo attack : before thei [ ]
intelligence officials look for al-qaeda link in charlie hebdo attack : before their bloody attack on the french satirical magazine ch
did ya know st . patrick was a brit , kidnapped by irish pirates before becoming a saint ? tonight , raise a green beer and toast a pirate .
st . patrick's day martini madness
ya mother blow harder than a hurricane .
peace out , virginia . it's been real . thanks for cutting the trip short . knoxville bound .
i relive the ceres , tulbach earthquake in 1969 every time a disaster strikes , it was warm the mountains was burning
dtn kerala : nepal scrambles to organise earthquake relief , death toll rises to 4000 : government officials said
- 4 more years for (#usd weakens ), eurozone braced for greek votes mixed uk data sees buf
obama-protect the environment and give more money to science !
i hope the people on ottawa are okay
at the raptors vs maccabi haifa game . security is definitely increased after today's events in ottawa .
happy st patricks day and all my irish family xxx
this little leprechaun and best baby wish you a happy st . patrick's day !
: israeli airstrike reported in middle area , injuries reported
israeli airstrike targets nijim family house in alnusierat refugee camp
hurricane outside . shit that ain't about to stop me from working out . about to go put in some work in a few .
hurricane sandy blows u .s. election off course : washington , oct 28 (reuters) - hurricane sandy blew the u .s.pre h
every where unsafe now , special in america so many countries hate america , we need to pray for safe every one and for paris .
just woke up to the news of what happened in paris oh my god
sophia's first st patricks day
[st. patrick's day ]normal people : [goes clubbing and has a few drinks and gets drunk ]me : [sits behind a computer screen all day ]
happy st . patrick's everyone ! see you al this friday march 21 st at arena !!
happy st . patrick's day ! r u wearing green today ?!?!#notpinchingme
details with how to contribute are coming shortly . thank you all in advance for helping us to help others
finally got today . gamestops been out of power for 4 days thanks to
celebrating st . patrick's day with coffee drinks .
today is st . patrick's day and irish coffee day
tropical storm hagupit batters philippines , killing at least 21 : the deadly storm that battere
tropical storm hagupit batters philippines , killing at least 21 : the deadly storm that bat
friends /family/victims on the east coast , sending you all my . be safe .
my prayers go out to everybody that is being affected by hurricane sandy . 3 godbless you guys .
thoughts prayers go out to people in the east coast being affected by hurricane sandy .
please say prayers for the people affected by hurricane sandy
oh whar ? it's st patricks day
da gone drop that st patrick's day
happy st . patrick day everybody 3
happy st patricks day ! :-) are you doing anything to celebrate ?
4 more years obama , let's gooooooooooooo .
hhs secretary would be more appropriate . he invented the damn thing , after all .
church of scotland convenor calling for people to take selfies there . surreal .
hope there are still opportunities to discuss devolution of powers to other non-london regions in the uk
i voted for obama because i believe he's better fit to be our president not because he's black
prissy mitt is in the closet , he practically melts when he is close to ryan .
long story short : i'm the st patrick's day grinch but i don't wear green
oh and tomorrow is st . patricks day hahahahahahah
well just admit that you were wrong . obama won more states . just because you saw more red doesn't mean romney won .
noup . obama . just you think about it
the opening ceremony reminded me of hitler's celebratory spectacles as do all such ceremonies
great start to . can't wait for the group of death matches tomorrow .
i still don't understand why people would support obama ? he is an awful president !
obama gives me chills when he speaks .
obama still has his jordan's on . because that's what winners do .
and now president , two term president , obama mentions climate change
happy st patrick's day tweeple !
st patricks day can fuck off for all i care
cnn : obama garnering support and praise for how he is responding to super storm hurricane sandy .
hurricane sandy : the superstorm via impresionante !!!!
happy st . patrick's day !!!! pub restaurant w /
it's st . patrick's day in the south my kid has a 3 hr delay tomorrow for winter weather . mother nature , now you're just being hateful .
all this talk about hurricane sandy made me forget that halloween is tmrw !!
writing in hurricane sandy is strong vote
nothing . pd didn't treat him special . think he was surprised .
holder headed to on wednesday to meet with investigators via
and you were jealous of me for ? i'd instantly trade !
who's playing in the tonight ? i know the patriots , but who's the other team !?
whiners saying they're moving to canada because obama re-elected . canada has equal marriage social
i just love my president obamahe is just a genuine humble man with a big heart !!!
i get that paris is a tragedy but there are a lot more things going on in this world and human life should never be taken for granted
what's happening in paris rn is so devastating
i went to spain-italy drama class and a soccer match broke out .
seductive game from spain v italy so far . these teams know how to get a tournament going
hey - profiting from human misery is not on . it's time to get get out of manus and nauru
hey profiting from human misery is not on . it's time to get out of and
damn hurricane sandy is gonna put the taco bells out of powerno free taco day for east coast !
am i the only one who didn't know about a hurricane sandy
that's awesome happy st patrick's day
the pogues - fiesta . happy st . patrick's day my way ! :)
it's not actually st patrick's day til monday . amateurs .
if you really want to boast about the fact that you're irish then you should probably know what the actual reason of st . patrick's day is
happy st . patrick's day from the cows !
happy st patrick's day , may the luck o ' the irish be with you all !
no trading : wall street to be closed for business monday : wall street is shutting down as hurricane sandy barrel htt
just heard the beeb's reporter say sandy could cause '11 foot waves ', ah , no , that would be an 11 foot storm surge with waves on top !
fco latest : hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy is affecting a large area of the north east usa . alun hill , mcij
stop rushing sandy , she coming .
'it's not a ring of steel it's a sieve'read more :
stu ,some of don't want a repeat of paris in the usa . create 'safe zones ' in the me to help syrians .
st . patrick's day is a great day knowing that you are irish .
happy st . patrick's day ! may you have the luck of the irish and many green beers !
paris was left reeling after deadly terror attacks friday night killed more than 100 peop
all my thoughts are with paris people .
i wish sandy would get her ass back here .
it kilt me when sandy used that hair dryer
this 10,800 th goes to president obama hope he wins the 2 k12 election tomar .
via - siegel discusses implications of romney win on access to contraception and abortion
hurricane sandy is the beginning of the end of the world lolol
looks like god answered your prayer about romney not getting elected . hurricane candy might affect the polls in favour of bo .
stevie wonder performs surprise concerts for obama in ohio : the motown legend sang at a small street concert in cleveland and at a pa
industryheads - stevie wonder performs surprise concerts for obama in ohio : the motown legend sang at a small str
failure as a human being because i'm not at :(
join us tomorrow for the digital sport panel w / & nike .
my thoughts prayers go out to paris and everywhere tonight . everyone please stay safe . sending so much love from america
it saddens my heart to see the horrifying act ! our prayers are with paris !
michelle obama scares the shit out of me !
here's what the election will look like using sportsbook odds for swing states - obama 303 romney 235
can nepal's economy be rebuilt ?: can nepal pick up the pieces and get back to business ?
business news : can nepal's economy be rebuilt ?: can nepal pick up the pieces and get back to business ?
portrait of george w bush that hangs in the texas capitol rotunda
woah ! x-prize creator dr . peter diamandis is sitting in listening to richard garriott speak .
opinion : obama must engage business
opinion : obama must engage business via [cnn int .]
wow good job sandy you really gave it your all i'm currently going to school now
notice to school board : incase you didn't notice , sandy is outside , why are the buses running ?!
lord lol happy st . patricks day to you too !
happy st . patricks day ! a couple things coming up this week . friday is the last day for easter candy sales .
italy is going to win looll germans can go home now
because you prefer germany to italy
the most alarming hurricane sandy maps via
wish i had a dick to ride this hurricane out with . welp , this will have to do
some mess in town after the st . patrick's weekend !
how lucky can i get on a st . patricks weekend - hollowmikes
omg .! i hope sandy does not take the power off .! :$
i'm talking about irene i ain't worried about sandy
national news : eye opener : mission to find survivors in nepal : your world in 90 seconds .
eye opener : mission to find survivors in nepal *not news
everyone in paris stay safe pls my thoughts are with you
thoughts are with paris , hope everyone stays as safe as possible .
thoughts go out to everyone in paris - from watrb
hard to watch news as american . harder to watch as a parent . heart is aching for paris .
16 hours , 3 dead including the gunman . sydney and australia as a whole has seen sadness that we can only
after yesterday's tragedy in sydney let's be kinder to each other
photo says it all they've come all the way from india 2 support peace
have pd followed standard operating procedure following an officer-involved shooting at all ?
happy st . patrick's day from all of us in salem
st . patrick's day fast facts , ,
fazzledown : can you feel it ? final final words
my 3 undecided's all declared for overnight . what a day this is !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/flr9g70sl2
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ldewxxic1z
follow the aftermath : hurricane sandy ravages east coast , millions left without power [photos]: de
the aftermath : hurricane sandy ravages east coast , millions left without power [photos]: despite being downgrade
i'm not from america but i still want obama to win
obama 4 president . obama for president . obama 4 president . obama for president . obama 4 president . obama
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency mee via
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting in via bbci
everyone is retweeting the hurricane sandy account so ,,,
suggest that for the next hurricane , since they do go in alphabetical order .
hope i make it to the super bowl . faded as fuk !!
i really don't care about the , i just like the commercials .
happy st . patrick's day from kidspirit !
happy st patrick's day theo i love you
happy saints patricks day mfs
happy st . patrick's day - make it a good one !
my condolences to as a turk i know what it's like to live with
it's saddening to know that young muslims r living with the stigma of them being the terrorists bc of how the media portrays
what does sandy think she's doing running around doing all that hoodrat shit ?
hey - missing the subways already ? weather out listening to our archive of stories !
my prayers and heart felt thoughts with the families of the paris attacks .
what to expect after paris terror attacks
loving life in rain soaked austin at ! looking forward to hearing rainn wilson this evening !!
i just became the mayor of chevrolet tradeshow on
i feel heartsick . all this crap in paris . muslims are horrible people . i know it's not all of them but they are harboring the evil ones .
agghhh ! that awful usa phrase . five paris attackers 'neutralised': prosecutor's office .
really , st . patricks day is your fav ?
i will never celebrate st patricks day
we celebrated st patrick's day with family in sc !!
this guy thanked us for coming in on st . patrick's day in his speech today .
is it too soon to dig into my hurricane provisions ?
strong winds and power outages likely monday into tuesday .the remnants of hurricane sandy will track westward in
cities around the world light up for paris
stand with paris stand also with , , , with all the oppressediif you are sincere in your humanity
i can't believe obama won the election . well it looks like we're all gonna be even more broke than we already are .
it's funny looking at people say obama won then i hate school , he wants to make school go longer into the summer for your info .
wishing everyone a safe and happy st . patrick's day from airstrip !
happy st patrick's day ! did u try 's shamrock cheeses ???
happy st . patrick's day . now time to go make this money off these drunks .
happy st .patrick's day ! get your tickets for tonight's celebration !
st patrick's day .early start .new addition .
happy st patrick's day everyone ! i might get myself some guinnes .
i had these for breakfast so i think i'm killing it this st . patrick's day
hi niall , what will you do on st . patrick day's ? :)
goodbye sydney and hello korea ! :d
first phil hughes , then sydney hostages now this .. :(
prayers go out to the people of boston , may the perpetrators be found and dealt with !
my prayers go out to all the people affected by the explosion at the boston marathon
pray for boston wtf guys also pray for afghanistan i see no one tweeting about soldiers dying and bombs going off
our thoughts and prayers go out to the victim of boston .
im too goth to participate in st patricks day
its st patricks day lmao
clearly but you cant call it suicide when others where involved
germanwings crash : what we know about the final moments before the plane hit the ground : the co
petewentz : headed to sxsw whats going on ? is that jayz band i keep hearing about any good ?
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh , thanks doooood . have fun in sxswsee you soon ?! :)
update on the district's response to paris attacks :
my heart goes out to those in paris . there are some sick people in this world .
happy st . patrick's day from askpatty via askpatty
happy st . patrick's day and have a great monday !
reports that the police operation at the paris concert hall where up to 100 hostages were being held , is now over .
: police say the assault on paris concert hall with hostages is over , at least 2 attackers killed .
youngest's update ::: after sandy , canceled flights but no airport chaos : not long ago , a big storm pounding the
after sandy , canceled flights but no airport chaos : not long ago , a big storm pounding the northea
lmao i gotta put together a ms sandy outfit stay tuned
i hear sandy's bucktooth ass comin
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vbmue91jpt
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gqp47hm3i5
happy st . patricks day to all my irish friends and acquaintances especially
drank too much this past week to celebrate st patricks day
st . patrick's day at raglan road
we've only seen one fight tonight we're doing st . patrick's day wrong !!
g + liberian man in lagos is being tested for ebolaaccording to reuters a liberian man in his 40 s is being
g + liberian man in lagos is being tested for ebolaa liberian man in his 40 s is being tested for ebola
where's sandy ? wind gust still high here n s .e. ga .
tropical storm sandy : 5 day forecast map | weather underground via
happy st patrick's day to our page followers ..i've been thinking about my irish ancestors , do you have a
mrs . freeman and miss faulkner are in the st . patrick's day spirit !
some coins just fell out of my sock happy st . patricks day !
a very happy st patricks day to all our followers !
this means romney has to leave the country , right ?
maury voice * in the case of this country romney you are not the president .. (8)party rockers in the houuse tonig
brooklyn natives hiking in nepal when catastrophic earthquake struck have been accounted for , friends say
just donated to for their appeal . i urge people to donate as much as they can to a organisation .
i hope this hurricane thing makes the mall close tomorrow so i don't have to go to work .
hurricane sandy , don't hurt nobody just keep somebody outta school for a minute , ya feel me ??
i wish my boyfriend was here for the hurricane
there are sports and hurricane games going on and i'm waiting for this woman to reveal her storage hoard to her man and get dat ass spanked !
shame about and what they make up about . looters are no protesters , gun tooting wackos are no joke . shame on you .
what that cop did to was criminal battery .
german defense looking lazy tonight
a very good start in this match . holland 0 -0 germany .
justin rosario :did romney really ignore hurricane ravaged new york and new jersey because they're not swing
use amazon ? have prime ? buy diapers overnight them now to families in need retweet t
who was 1 st team to win a match at ? send a photo of yourself with correct team flag to $20 of orderit delivery !
wait a minute ukraine has adi stripes !? vote changed
if you've been following out tally of 300 tory mps whether they'll support the pm in : 156 mps to vote remain , 134 for leave
with all the talk about , people forget that the only reason women got guaranteed equal pay in the uk is because of european law .
what do i even do on st patrick's day every year ? i think my sims will go out instead
it's st . patrick's day , niggas getting pinched
yes but im on 'rich people ' bedrock so no real sandy fear .
i'm really not worried bout this hurricane
no leads by 13,438 votes so far but long way to go
clackmannanshire blazes the trail as 54 % vote no while yes trails with 46 %
congratulations ! four more years obama ! go !
obama won , so today should be a good day .
there is only one doctor that has being discovered to cure this deadly disease called 'ebola virus'he's name is
world about to end from ebola and we never got heists in gta
an innovator is someone who wakes up to the constraints caused by false assumptions and breaks out of them . via
innovator : someone who breaks out of constraints caused by false assumptions , not creates something from nothing . at sxsw .
time for some with but for this match go !
time for match 2 of the day , portugal against germany , should be a great game :d
heartbreaking to see what is happening in brussels right now
likes of gulzar will also suprt brussels bmbers stating tht they make europe safe by exposng security lapses !
dfa : no filipino reported hurt in brussels airport attack - manila bulletin
european airports increase security after brussels attacks : europeans authorities have tightened security at a
come on the !! even the coin toss is so american !!
yes , i won the coin toss !
add in your prayers who has affected by the in nepal
earthquake m5 .0, nepal , sat 25 apr 2015 13 :47:01 utc +05:30, pics
bbc | brussels airport closed until tuesday : brussels international airport will not reopen before tuesday , authorities say , followin
bbc : brussels airport closed until tuesday : brussels international airport will not reopen before tuesday , aut
i like how my anatomy professor expects us to learn every muscle in the body in less than two weeks even during a hurricane .
the aftermath of sandy as documented by is mind blowing .
yes . hurricane sandy . it's all because patrick made fun of texas .
hurricane sandy - a survey of chaos and perfection on the east coast : a survey of chaos and via
you believe that this hurricane is god punishing anyone for any reason .
toby keith would have put his boot up sandy's ass , it's the american way
ngl , eventhough i support spain overall , italy really deserves to win against them , should they make the final
and just like that italy's little mr t sees germany off
stay healthy 2 watch the ! clean ur office germ hot spots such as mouse ,keyboard,cell & desk .cold&flu can liv
stay healthy to watch the ! clean your office germ hot spots such as your mouse , keyboard ,cellphone & desk .co
we need to get the bcc crackin like we did in 2008 when obama got elected lol my roommate was hella pissed
best political ad ever . whedon on romney via
brexit warnings and brussels arrest : health and terrorism are invoked as reasons why britain ff
brexit warnings and brussels arrest : health and terrorism are invoked as reasons why britain should stay
sxsw panel heats up over big data privacy concerns : a sunday afternoon panel designed to address he via
sxsw panel heats up over big data privacy concerns : a sunday afternoon panel designed to address hea lr =u1281182
happy st patrick's day lindsay :) have an awesome day
happy st . patricks day planetfitnessmiami fitness
homeless hotspots : lost humanity ? much ado
rapreviews : quality control official sxsw showcase 2012 ! weds . march 14 th : quality control
niggas out here tryna get the yams because of the hurricane .. i see yall lol
i'm still waiting up for . she stood me up .
day 12 ! st patricks day drinks !! :)
data digger wants to wish you ! a happy st . patrick's day !.
watching the horrifying hurricane sandy damage to jersey shore on nbc
in case you were wondering i died during the hurricane so there's that
thoughts and prayers with everyone impacted in boston
deeply saddened by the events of today . i used to call boston home so i have many friends still there and the
before it ends happy st patrick's day
happy saint patrick's day bitches !!! v's )
in other more important news god bless the people of paris .
no breaking news about paris terrorism on tv in japan very disappointment for this country .
mz karma world news an 8 -minute descent to death - for the 150 people on board germanwings flight 9525, they were
revolt world news an 8 -minute descent to death - for the 150 people on board germanwings flight 9525, they were th
the latest on the terror raid in paris overnight .
who is this paris rose adding me and following me on everything ?!?!?
spinach soup and vino at soup vino restaurant ; green soup and wine count as a st patrick's day celebration , right ?
brandon weeden is a cowboy , happy st patricks day lmao
dis bitch waz standin outside yellin sandy you ain't shit so i threw a mobile home at da bitch . yolo . (via ||| lol .
yo people funny , they hear about a hurricane all of a sudden they christian soon as this hurricane over they back to their own lives smh
was john daly celebrating st .patricks day or the fleg protest today ?#dilema
happy st . patrick's day from framework !
you showed interest in the tfsa shirts , i wanted to let you know you can get them here :
you showed interest in the tfsa shirts , i wanted to let you know you can get one here :
happy st patrick's day . we're green !!!
wow , what a great way to celebrate st . patrick's day .
always tough for candidate , but glad to be hearing romney concession . ;-)
romney done took some serious l's
st patrick's day and iv not got anything green , ah well
happy st . patrick's day every body . x
'i'm just worried ': photographer reflects on paris attacks : on friday , a series of terrorist
breaking 'i'm just worried ': photographer reflects on paris attacks : on friday , a series of terroris
happy st patricks day everybody :) how is everyone ?
i feel like social media is trying reeeally hard to tell me st . patrick's day is today .
i asked my mom what does she think of election 2012 and she said that romney is a nutcase go moooommm yeah
my mama will be up early voting for obama doe !
commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm sandy ripp
commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm sand
long island destruction from sandy via
bellevue hospital being evacuated might be bigger than the nyu hospital evacuation .
i just woke up and all i see nothing but this damn hurricane nonsense
snow in ca , hurricane sandy in uswhat's next
obama safehaw 29 ver 28 ny 26 rho 22 mar 21 mas 20 ill 16 cal 14 was 14 dc ?del ?
obviously ppl of america dont give ah fuck boud they life if the voted for romney ugly ass
'how i met your mother ' reunites cast spouses as end draws near : neil patrick harris , cobie smulders and a
'how i met your mother ' reunites cast spouses as end draws near : neil patrick harris , cobie smulders and alyson hannigan all welcome
on top of this shit , i'm losing weight in such an unhealthy way lately . between not eating because of work and now this hurricane .
thanks to sandy , i've officially been out of school for a week . not looking fwd to make up work but so blessed to have made it through !
homesilverlake for st . patricks day !!!see you on monday !!!
oops . what are you doing ? celebrating st patricks day ?
right poland . in the words of delia smith
poland 1 -0 russia come on poland !:)
just tired of seeing ignorance . i'm not saying you should or shouldn't vote for obama or romney but dear god get educated .
we all tucked if obama losses
toi - second coming of obama : india relieved , but clouds loom over outsourcing : with new delhi embracing economic
second coming of obama : india relieved , but clouds loom over outsourcing : with new delhi embracing economic refo
sxsw 2012 . next year - hrer i come
here's a video of kylee swenson (song of siren ) of singing with jesus and mary chain at sxsw . so sick !
great place to get your news - storm aftermath : live updates
hey brokencyde ! remember me ? of thats right . we never got to meet because of sandy . wish i was playing their va show this evening .
the 'brain' actually went to school in uccle . and parents are terrified .
really interesting accounts of the paris attacks
tomorrow on delivers first touch and names the breakout stars of . tell your friends .
tomorrow on delivers first touch and names the breakout stars of
happy st patrick's day and wishing you a day filled with the
happy st . patrick's day everyone . cheers and may the luck of the irish be with you :)
aysha nicole photography st . patrick's day flash sale !! book a portrait session by 5 pm tomorrow (march 18 ), and
we on one ! lol . celebrating st . patricks day !
isn't it insane to kill in d name of a god ? is your god too weak that he couldn't defend himself ?#bruxelles
belgium's deputy prime minister says the brussels attacks don't justify mass surveillance
we're all riders on sandy today
boutta turn up with hurricane sandy
germanwings ceo : americans on board crashed flight : airline's chief announces latest in
ceo says 2 us citizens on plane that crashed - cnn - daily mail
romney kept it classy , good for him .
is it just me or did the rest of the world want obama reelected more so than romney elected
mourdock's camp still says their guy is hanging back because the race is still very close .
on msnbc there is a fetching jane hat behind john nichols !
sucks that all these strongly opinionated sophomores aren't voting the election romney would win by a landslide no doubt
i will vote 4 romney ,but she is my inspirationpalin : 'we will succeed in this so help us god '
heavily armed police storm the sydney cafe where several hostages are being held .
heavily armed police storm sydney hostage crisis cafe
starting the day with our famous green and white omelette for st .patricks day !?
happy saint patricks day !!wear your green or be pinched !
the show must go on . prepping for a reading today in dc as hurricane sandy looms .
so i was taking hurricane sandy lightly but all the windows on my island are boarded up and were the only ones who haven't done so .
evangelicals have different responses to paris attacks .
have u seen their response to the paris attacks it's sick
happy st . patrick's day to all ! have a great day !
happy st . patrick's day . love patrick
nepal earthquake please pray for nepal
1,935 indians evacuated from nepal : 1,935 indians evacuated from nepal
video : anatomy of the deadly sydney siege via
rip a man and women killed in the sydney siege :( thoughts go out to their loved ones !:(
pr alert : sxsw co's pitch me ! i hv 2 slots open for live ntnl radio interview today at
at the don't forget about me ! panel ; i need real help in this regard .
obama won so were fucked . just like the past 4 years its been straight hell right ? now ill be able to afford to continue my education . fuck
the fact that my school made sure i knew all gold everything before i left that watch whether obama won or not is just
should i wear my obama shirt tomorrow or wednesday .. when he wins ?
i just tryna get my voice heard for president barack obama tomorrow that is all !
early prediction italy going to beat spain
my prediction is a 1 -0 spain win
romney called president obama to concede the presidential race and is appearing on stage now for final speech .
thought what romney said was really classy when he congratulated the president .
news of has got me down . i miss sunshine andthe absense of rain !
president obama cancels a planned campaign appearance in florida to return to washington due to hurricane :
rough start to the day . netherlands lost , and i hate portugal and am afraid of germany so i can't root for anyone in game two
by the way , have i mentioned how heinous i think the logo is ?
many people are also feared to be trapped in the dharahara tower which collapsed after the quake
not long a go , i lived and worked in nepal . 4 fatalities were reported this morning due to the earthquake , now it's 800 ! sending 3 + wishes
my beloved ney york , i'm sure everything will be allright , we all the gringos are strong and we'll carry on as we always do
i like how is the only show that isn't affected by sandy :d
international manhunt underway for paris attacks suspect : an international manhunt is underway for
an excellent reminder of who is really responsible for the paris attack ..
who's hungover ? cheers to the best st-patrick's day ever !
i had the best st patricks day ever
i know obama's great an ' all , but jeez , calm it like !
politics : obama , romney tie in dixville notch vote (reuters): share with friends : | | politics - top stories s
happy st patricks day people from chateau fakra !
happy st patricks day :-)hh -joe67-
oh it was st patricks day yesterday
may the st . patrick's day food keep coming !
australian police say three dead , four hurt in sydney siege
donald trump : sydney siege 'will happen in this country '
brb downloading a bunch of games so i won't be bored during this hurricane .
what's the status there , any hurricane likely to come ?????
live video : authorities respond 2 hostage situation in sydney's martin place district - via
this sydney thing is so intense , i hope everyone is okay
toii nepal earthquake : super jets globemaster and super hercules prove their worth in gold : india inducted the
nepal earthquake : super jets globemaster and super hercules prove their worth in gold : india inducted the expe
guinness pulls sponsorship of new york st . patrick's day parade : what's a st . patrick's day parade without gui
patrick please dress like a leprechaun
hard to believe the amateur tv crews haven't got a polarizing filter on the lens to see past the reflections on the window .
sydney siege : pm tony abbott addressing media now about siege at martin place cafe - live updates
rather pleased about that . ronaldo's a knob .
iniesta anota ! por 0 -1 esp
these hurricane watches getting on my nerves
hello everyone . anyone out there in the crosshairs if hurricane sandy ? download and print out a tempest to
happy st . patrick's (tump) day ? is it today ?
click here to enter to win a $50 gift card to all you have to do is play our fun st . patrick's day game !!
s leone hunts seized ebola patient - a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freetown , for a
s leone hunts seized ebola patient - a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freetown , for a woman w
my heart and thoughts go out to all the people in boston who's been affected by this terrible incident what is wrong with this world x
rt to show your love for what happened in boston
look up ! happy st . patrick's day everyone !
happy saint patrick's day !!!!!!!!!!!! ahashahahahah
i'd rather have that . did you do anything for st patrick's day ?
i forgot yesterday was even st . patrick's day ..
onedirectiontv i cant breath my first twitcam well sorta ustream whatever thank you hurricane sandy
heavy-hearted for those affected by prayers for safety and for healing from out here on the west coast !!!
netherland maybe or draw . who knows ?
i've just noticed . no-one has complained about the ball so far . almost every tournament people complain that the ball is shit
oh my goodness . my thoughts and prayers go out to nepal .
my heart and prayers go out to those in nepal .
so sad thinking of all those thousands caught up in hurricane sandy :(
conodoguinet creek dumps hurricane sandy rainwater into the susquehanna river at west fairview , pa .
jihadi attacks in paris : what happened at each location .
good night dc . godspeed paris .
relive the greening of the chicago river for st . patrick's day . the river was dyed on saturday . few people know
peep peep i know almost easter also also happy st . patrick's day
i mean sandy is actin up and mother nature letting her protect my people amen
spent afternoon of my birthday ystrdy in bed . ftw . have felt terrible all weekendprobably related . anyone else ?
my deepest sympathy to the families of germanwings passengers ..
thinking of the dead and bereaved for yesterday's tragedy , and also of the germanwings crews somehow having to do their duty today .
well , bafana let me down . hope my euro team netherlands won't let me down
the group of death will soon be kicking off . i'm going for 3 decapitations , 2 slashed throats and a lethal injection on day 1 . .
i wish we had a st patrick's day parade ! my store is on the parade route and i throw parade parties for my clients .
a little late for mardi gras but just in time for st . patricks day
special hurricane hurricane sandy leaves 17 million people in fema disaster areas - huffington post : b sandy
hurricane sandy leaves 17 million people in fema disaster areas - huffington post : baltimore sun (blog)hurri
happy st patrick's day from the manpower ireland team !,
very true indeed . happy st patrick's day x
seems like one of the biggest elections .
i really need to study but its so hard with the results on .
are you celebrating st . patrick's day with merrimack apparel ? stop by tomorrow morning to get a festive warrior
are you feelin ' lucky punk ? well you should be with 15 % off site wide through st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at nsixty !!
happy st .patricks day , happy holi and happy monday to all my friends !!
bam 1 -0 russia smackin it again
dzagoev again !!! russia 1 -0 poland
i so happy that obama won !!
obama is black how bout tht one
after having off for hurricane sandy i finally go back for one day then its the weekend again !
servers that were offline due to hurricane sandy power outages in the northeast are back online . we will continue
neuer is now one of my favorite gks .
so as i was saying now that italy won tonight ..oh, fohgeddabouddit
long islanders use facebook , google docs to find love ones post-sandy : whether looking for a skill
visto en mashable . long islanders use facebook , google docs to find love ones post-sandy : whet
i'm so happy i can still have weave . thanks obama .
okay sooo i had to walk out off class cause the whole class plus the teacher was bashing obama !!!
vlogtober day 24 rains from hurricane patricia : via
i liked a video from vlogtober day 24 rains from hurricane patricia
jay z was at sxsw last night . need to make a trip out there
it is so great to have on our qa panel before screening .
brad paisley tribute to everyone effected by hurricane sandy . just perfecthow cool is that guitar ?!
minx , cat saved from the streets after hurricane sandy
atlas exclusive : robert spencer : can we survive four more years of obama ? via atlas shrugs - can
hopefully i will also air obama campaigning ?
im all for helping ppl with mental illness but lets not blame biomechanics for antisocial ,selfish egoism which led to murder of 149
germanwings co-pilot accused in crash trained in
i think that , if obama wins this election the world will definitely end
who is romney ? i don't know . who is obama ? leader of nations .
as typhoon hits , evacuees express relief , via
as typhoon hagupit hits philippines , evacuees express relief fears over a repeat
it's st . patrick's day not st . pattycakepattycakebakersmanbakemeacakeasfastasyoucanrollituprollitupandthrowitinapanpattycakepattycakebakersm
i could have sworn we got st patricks day off
lower manhattan is still without power . i hope the city stays classy and no looting occurs
kind of hoping that comes back for so i have no classes again
cabot tower is green for st . patrick's day !
excellent and he's rocking the green for st patricks day .
ok :) have a nice day and happy st . patrick's day :)
happy st . patrick's day ! leprechaun in the hood : via
romney gone dap obama like this
it figures that romney won brown county too bad he didnt win ohio !
look like everybody and they mama went to the st patrick's parade
shriner parade st patricks w /e amelia island fernandina bea
paris goebel is a legend thanku for this amazing
paulson (rcmp) speaking now . says we've been working closely with paris equivalents
9 th wonder talks about sxsw , updates fans on plans with jamla label
9 th wonder talks about sxsw , updates fans on plans with jamla label : (allhiphop news ) famed north c
remember that time in nevada when the government stood it's ground against those people who had guns and oh wait
so , eric holder didn't want the video of released ? isn't he part of most transparent administration in us history ?
hurricane sandy has east bracing for the worst
you're almost right . i'm at beautiful sandy point
these guys are sore sore losers oh well , they are fox news
prepare 4 end of yr cap gains ..take it now ..do not lose your $$ via
sandy bout to make it rain on them hoes
i think sandy gonna be worst than i thought
how about a little piyo to get your st patrick's day started right ?
i thought yesterday was st . patrick's day ??
hundreds die in the germanwings disaster , no one bats an eye . zayn left 1 d and everyone loses their mind
air traffic controllers ' strike suspended after germanwings crash
another deadly seasonbase camp barely visible missing injured photo afif
i will only say actions speak louder than words . god bless the people of nepal .
death toll in nepal hits 4,000 amid hunt for survivors przez
nepal earthquake survivor : 'please help us , it's just a nightmare ' - reports
neil patrick harris skypes in shirtless for 'how i met your mother ' paleyfest panel !: alyson hannig
neil patrick harris skypes in shirtless for 'how i met your mother ' paleyfest panel !: alyson hanniga
tom brady has one of the most impressive streaks of bad haircuts in nfl history .
hey ms . spicy dragon , this is what its all about
shevchenkoooooooooooo !!!!!!!! what a moment ! what a player !!
ibra score , sheva score legends day
how many shootings are going on in paris .
oh my goodness . this stuff going on in paris is nuts !
check craigslist in austin after sxsw is over : you'll find some sick vintage gear that is being looted as we speak
agencies are pushing the wrong stats (eg links ) to brand marketers which drives bad social strategy says .
okkey .where do you stay in nepal ?
nepal emergancy services are admirable but dear president /pm people in thar are still waiting for clean water
dtn autos : hyundai reports 1 st monthly sales drop in 2 years : hurricane sandy and tight supplies of small cars i
hyundai reports 1 st monthly sales drop in 2 years : hurricane sandy and tight supplies of small c
g + ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister
world - ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister
i saw you on cnn did he touch a nerve
just a reminder than obama praised street-fighting , cop-confronting protests in his inaugural speech .
reader photos from sandy's path
sandy you can go fuck yourself
on board romney's charter : costs add up -
on board romney's charter : costs add up : it can get extremely expensive very quickly for presidential candidates
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/00uxfab2mc
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qcy8ki5m3i
happy st . patrick's day some green to celebrate .
tomorrow is st patricks day ? shit i totally forgot .
why is it always spain ? can't some other country win for a change ?!
looks like spain wins again
prayers for brussels . continue praying for peace . never cease to believe .
this is so important , my heart goes out to all those in brussels , praying for you . praying for the world .
if my president is white , what color is my lambo going to be ?
is calling new hampshire for president obama !!!!!!!!!!!
patrick beverley looked scared when lebron gave him that look lolol
patrick beverly just got bitched by lebron
just voted ! the wait was worth it because every vote counts
at 42 % votes in in florida romney was down by 70,000, at 50 % now in in florida romney is up by 100,000
nooo you be safe up there from that bitch sandy
hurricane sandy needs to go tf away so i can play cod ..
happy st . patrick's day to all of out fans out there !
even we wear green today . happy st . patrick's day !
this iss a hell of a storm my power hasn't went out . sandy a bitch
social media : american apparel angers twittersphere with 'hurricane sandy sale ' via
american people love st .patrick's day way too much . :)
i wonder how many people actually know why we have st . patricks day .
are you at the barack event in columbus ? i think i just saw you
so according to this bestie of mine , barack speaks shona .smhlol
fuck feeling sorry for my self , all thoughts are with paris right now
is whats happening in paris a retaliation ? or just coincidence
just to think i was in paris not to long ago
in the words of two generations ago : lafayette , we are here .
where to watch the final here in casablanca ?
i wish could play the final
if romney wins ima be in dc on sum body's roof top
haha . about as exciting as it gets . i'm reasonably certain romney might ruin the world
great to hear that . great also to hear from you again . happy st patrick's day !
happy st patricks day love bug , have a good day x
st patricks day is a weird holiday
photo : st patrick day was a very good day :)
lending support to . nothing violent . can't see how it warrants tear gas .
police in riot gear have fired tear gas , last used in in 2005
rt you are in our hearts and on our minds .
just found out the one mom i babysit for was running the boston marathon today . thank god she's safe , but don't know when she's getting home
ukraine is game to you ?! how 'bout i take your little board and smash it ?
ac milan's past equalises ac milan's present .
if obama doesn't win the next erection , can the uk have him ? we will feed and walk him everyday we promise
how can anyone vote for this man ?
put up a profile picture celebrating the legalization of gay marriages okput up one in support of paris not ok
don't watch news . i read it you live in a broke ass state . look at paris right now .they will get u 1 st because ur the weakest
prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies : the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525 tha
headline : 'prosecutors: germanwings co-pilot was treated for suicidal tendencies'body text : 'several years ago '
is great soo far , happy st patricks day everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy st . patricks day niggassss :)
st . patrick's day sale - save up to 60 % on
happy st . patricks day from ya 2 fave irish kids
germany vs . portugal today in . //t.co/ly3q9aks
i'm missing germany v portugal for this .
billionaire's 5 th house . have been disproven , folks . trickle down isn't real . poor people aren't lazy . have compassion .
if romney wins i hope none of y'all planned on going to college
pm vows to 'fight terror ' after ottawa attack : stephen harper says killing of soldiers in ottawa and ltd
pm vows to 'fight terror ' after ottawa attack : stephen harper says killing of soldiers in ottawa and que
how long before roy keane thumps adrian chiles ?#euro2012
roy keane please punch adrian chiles
it's madness as people are looking for seats near the front for al gore and sean parker .
next up : 'snackable content : working in a bite-sized future '
sean penn stars as the titular character in the gunman , in which he plays an international spy who is betrayed b
r .i.p to the two hostages that passed away in the sydney siege
wonder if there is a standing ovation in turkey right now ?
paris is so good in step upammd justin's mv tho
breaking have belgian blunders hampered brussels attacks inquiry ?: has inquiry into attacks been ham
bbcworld : have belgian blunders hampered brussels attacks inquiry ?
pagasa briefing ongoing : pagasa expects 2 nd landfall of sunday afternoon in the vicinity of masbate
alert : map : satellite view of typhoon hagupit , which made landfall around eastern samar , philippines , with winds of 125 mph today - ausne
super bowl party in indy tomorrow . what am i bringing for the guys to munch on ? of course !
consumers who plan to watch the today will spend $11 billion on food /goodies, compared w /$10.1 billion spent last year .
it's not the end of the world that obama got elected . still , it shows just how bad has gotten .
lmfao . if your teacher is in a bad mood , then they voted for romney
looking at places to live in other cities while watching footage . smh
this will help get justice for mike brown . or something . quiktrip burning
plant a little this st . patrick's day !
send an irish blessing to someone special for st . patrick's day ! use the code springclean to get 25 % off .
our thoughts and prayers are with paris . just terrible .
pray for japan paris :( oh god help them ..#showtimeharana
the giraffe girls are wearing their green today ! happy st . patrick's day !
new post : new york city's st . patrick's day parade set to kick off - new york daily news
lassana diarra confirms death of cousin after paris terror attacks
cousin of france midfielder killed in paris attack
i will have an update and my thoughts of possible storm tracks and effects we will feel from hurricane sandy at 145 pm
sandy makes landfall over cuba
what is wrong with my country :-( about 1 hour ago , during this hurricane , robbers shot a 78 year old grandmother and killed her :(
soooo it looks like is gathering all the perfect ingredients to unleash hell .now it's a waiting game .where will she land ?
'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed ju en
'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed july 20 in lagos after fa
mannn if i lived in the new england area i'd be worried about ! good thing minnesota is :)
i love how all we all are more worried about what days we're off school instead of the fact that there's a hurricane coming that can kill us
why apple should thank hurricane sandy : it's a fact that samsung dislikes apple , but th
why apple should thank hurricane sandy : it's a fact that samsung dislikes apple , but thanks to hurricane san
omg i love the picture of president obama michelle - the one they showed on the view ! it's so lovely 3
well , i am just so greatful that obama won :)
the only accessory you will need today -
don't because it's time to tear down the faded
wow ! denmark have taken the lead :o
shocked denmark have taken the lead !
six arrests made in brussels police operation after attacks : belga news agency
six arrests have been made in brussles as part of a police operation , following the brussels terror attacks
part of india slid about 1 foot to 10 feet northwards during nepal earthquake : us scientist - ndtv
aid reaches quake-hit nepal villagers as death toll passes 5,000 allpaknews
the world has gone insane ! thinking of the people of paris .
terrifying what's going on in paris what a scary world it is
one step in the right direction :) 1 -0 russia
1 -0 russia . haven't really been in the game . great ball in from arshavin .
if u didn't luv obama in since 2008 ur not a tru fan !111!!!
obama only kept on learning to win
do midgets get laid more on st . patricks day ? most chicks dig leprechauns .
awwww i just saw an old guy walking with a st patrick's rosette on and he looked so happy !
if mitt romney i am moving to spain and never coming back
4 americans murdered while sheister chief was livin it up on ur dollah ! obama is a digrace ! vote romney
what would you if you were president of paris ?
retweeted nat geo photography these photos from our archive remind us why we love paris and
paris attacks in 1 minute : a timeline of the terror attacks that unfolded in paris . (via
scot callum macdonald 'in induced coma ' after paris attack at bataclan
if school is cancelled who wants to come hibernate with me and my cat during the hurricane ?
getting tired but staying up for to come !!
i woke up by gods grace with a heavy heart for all the hurricane sandy victims i no throughout this god is still good
should i be driving and tweeting during a hurricane ?
get a bit excited now for the game .
all the best england steven gerrard .
i guess we can see how obama is gonna handle the world ending next month . or has everyone forgot about th
good thing i have a twitter , and instagram . looks like obama was re-elected .
sandy , im ready for you bitch .
coolest app i've seen in a long time - - will be especially useful with sandy fast approaching . get it .
happy st . patrick's day ! check out some fun facts .
happy st . patrick's day from my home to yours ! xox ~amie
i wish i could see the paris now :(#psybilanggo
attacks : third body found in flat raided by police
germanwings co-pilot was treated for suicidal tendencies : the first officer blamed for the cras
germanwings co-pilot was treated for suicidal tendencies : officials via
can social media help prevent the spread of ebola ?: trying to stem the spread o
can social media help prevent the spread of ebola ?: trying to stem the spread of the virus using social media
use of evoting machines unaltered despite power outages caused by hurricane sandy : plans to use electronic vo
use of evoting machines unaltered despite power outages caused by hurricane sandy : plans to use electronic voting
i hope the hurricane isn't bad cuz if it is the power will go out , and i won't have internet ..
can't wait for to hit cle monday ! 2 days of tropical storm winds from the north = huge waves on lake erie . def gonna go check em out .
fear , cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak : accra (reuters) - west african states lack the
fear , cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak see all
praying for brussels 34 killed in blasts at brussels airport , subway station
praying for the ppl of brussels ! this terrorism has to stop !!
capt . johnson said no smoke guns or tear gas used overnight and once again , no shots fired by police .
let's get real for a second .the only higher power that would bestow crazy weaponry on pd is the fed'l gov .god has no part of this !
he only got 2 fingers his baseball mitt head ass he g
barack obama won ?! i gotta get on the tweeter and rant about this ! that communist bastard obama will ruin us !
what do you call an earthquake on st patricks day ?a shamrock shake hahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
last st . patricks day i got kicked out of the bar . let's see what happens this year .
in the midst of election , obama to create dept . of business . unbelievable ! guess will create dept . of hurricane
it is possible for it to snow because the hurricane brought acold front it is cold enough for it to snow
[feed] how store shelves stay stocked even after a sandy-sized disaster : the data-driven supply chains perfected
wir - how store shelves stay stocked even after a sandy-sized disaster : the data-driven supply chains perfected b
a timeline of the hostage crisis and police siege :
muslim terrorist kills , media supports muslim community with loving arms . jews persecuted on sydney bus , where's love 4 jewish community ?
you can't spend sandy management .you could suggest everyone go bankrupt so bain could make profits both on bankrupciescleanups !
i think w should learn from u .s experience how to work with hurricane
all my friends are on spring break or in chicago for st . patrick's day and i'm just here like oh hey . minnesota .
belfast city hall turned green for st patricks day
just announced she's irish so happy st patricks day pal
happy st patricks day everyone ! hope you all have a good day !!
in reaction to brussels terror attack , trump says 'more' torture . trump is stupid torture leads to false information . trump hasn't a clue !
markets in the red after brussels attacks (aal, luv ) - rt
g + ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead - deep in the forests of southern guinea , the first vic
ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead - dakar , senegal | deep in the forests of southern guinea , the
! wheat is the closest i can get to cabbage !
how perfect is kate middleton's look .flawless!
apparently the sandy crisis is over . make sure you tell everyone without food or power who's been displaced from their home !
this is for people who need engineering services after sandy
chelsea dropped 2 points and now attention turns to the super bowl . come on giants
can somebody explain to me how the fuckin giants made it to the ???
i would have been in the cayman islands right nowthanks sandy smdh
hurricane sandy was bad ! no electricity , heat , or gas stations open . keeping positive and looking forward to training !
bold statement coming in 3, 2, 1 neon tress is the best band seen thus far . wow .
sucks catch those great bands somewhere else
prayers go out to all the people affected by the tragedy in boston !
our hearts and prayers go out to those in boston and everyone affected by the explosions .
dont kno hw a comon thief lik femi fani-kayode can call obama an antichrist , fani =corruption,has he heard obama corruption in 1 sentence ?
obama might get reelected might not though
one more sleep until st . patricks day !!!!!! who is firing it up early ?!
i wish i had actually done something for st . patricks this weekend lol
need to get off to a good start come on england !!!!
we have our fingers and toes crossed for england tonight
all i need is for my to win tonight and to win tomorrow .
i feel like michelle obama has been the only first lady thats been relevant . like who gave a fuck about the other first hoes ???
powerful earthquake rocks nepal (photos) follow
powerful earthquakes rock katmandu , nepal
rt such a hoe , she like hurricane sandy she show up and blow everyone !
hearing heartbreaking stories about the many precious lives lost from as death toll climbs . my thoughts and prayers to all .
seriously , a few days back was one of the best sources for accurate news out of . loads of video , measured tweets .
they waiting for us to get tired . they got an army . they can run us down in shifts . they're trying to exhaust us ,
my prayers go to all the people affected by the events in boston
we are sending thoughts and prayers to those effected by the events in boston
hurricane sandy : pattenburg firefighters clear tree limbs to reach house fire
so many effing trees down . woah , .
saddened to hear about another earthquake in nepal .
what's so scary about the earthquakes going on in nepal that it could happen in california soon eventually
hurricane sandy leave new yorkers alone .
hurricane sandy update : monmouth beach is sealed off by the national guard . i think it is quarantine procedures for a zombie virus outbreak .
we told them to take your name off the list ;-) can't get in the british embassy . so funny
from : why ip law still matters in a social media age | smartblogs
happy st . patrick's day - even if you are not irish !
happy st patricks day the closest color of clothing i have to green is black so ..
the hidden economic victims of superstorm sandy please rt
sandy hurricane live from 1 st avenue new york
if one of the candidates donated all of their remaining campaign funds to sandy relief i bet they'd win the election
i can't believe what hurricane sandy is doing .
5 th avenue ipad mini launch likely to be subdued due to hurricane sandy : apple is going to sell a holy-c
[igeeky] 5 th avenue ipad mini launch likely to be subdued due to hurricane sandy
| ebola outbreak may already be uncontrollable ; monsanto invests in ebola trea |
news updates : ebola outbreak may already be uncontrollable ; monsanto invests in ebola treatment drug company
happy st patrick's day ! watch out for those sneaky leprechauns !
happy st . patrick's day lovely lass !!
yyy says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm
zzz says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm
gasoline runs short , adding woes to storm recovery : four days after hurricane sandy , the effor
drudge leads dishonest attack on federal government's response to
madam you are adorable ,you are a minister par excellence . good work .
big up , nepal people . respect everytime .
happy st . patricks day from this little miss who was in the studio today !
may your days be happy and clean ?and may all your st . patrick's days be green .
cuban bishops bring relief to victims of
status : orange community college is closed tuesday .
is there some sort of match on in warsaw today ? ;) lovely to see poland and russia colours proudly on display .
the polish nation has only one problem , and it is a familiar one : russia
someone should have a hurricane party
hurricane is lookin nasty ,glad it is going around our coast
nepal earthquake : death toll crosses 2460, india launches operation maitri for relief and -
madam :bihar situation can be controlled by local govt .. the magnitude of destruction is nepal far worse .. needs more attention ..
my irishman passed away so i kiss his memory instead xx rip glenn xx happy st patrick's day jt xx
after st patrick's day fitness club , encomenderos - w / 11 others )
tech updates space shuttle enterprise damaged by superstorm sandy [pics]
tech updates double rainbow shines in nyc after superstorm sandy
it's st . patrick's day every day for me . i'm so irish that my skin is pretty much see-through .
or make them at home . lol st patricks day sucks being on a monday .
we keep running to buy more of these !!!
human traffickers target nepal relief camps -
happy saint patrick's day my patricios looojamoo !
mt good crowd of friends st . patrick's day mixer . there's still time to join us pizza pit 2701 n . blackstone ave
happy st . patrick's day ! are you feasting at a local restaurant (like new holiday diner - danbury ) or are you
wishing everyone a very happy st . patrick's day and if you are celebrating please don't drink and drive ! :) xoxo
[tech] al gore vs . rick perry : a tale of two sxsw appearances via mashable
al gore vs . rick perry : a tale of two sxsw appearances via
womens western leather & chain bracelet
kelly clarkson is warming up her pipes . think she'll nail the national anthem at tonight's ?
nope . =) i support obama , but if you vote for special interests , that's what you're going to get once they're in office .
obama is all talk . is all about doing .
it's now lunchtime in sydney's cbd . scenes from -- pic :
all good here in north sydney . watching helicopters buzz the city from across the harbour . crazy .
vend 15 juin / france vs ukraine (12hpm) / angleterre vs suede (2h45pm) ( 2 e match , gr d )
sat in discussing with my and french colleagues how will triumph in the england vs sweden match tonight
evening of november 17 th , one minute meditation for peace at the bataclan , one of the places of the events of
impressed that police arrested possible terrorists in without resorting to
(cnet) crying tintin cartoon blankets social media after deadly terror ..
crying tintin cartoon blankets social media after deadly brussels terror attacks - cnet via tech
britons feared among passengers of hijacked egyptair flight : a passenger wearing a suicide belt h
britons feared among passengers of hijacked egyptair flight : a passenger wearing a suicide belt uk_uknews
french authorities identify mastermind : officials believe that belgian
i'm sorry for the loss of life in paris . is this what it take to get france to act , god forbid germany will be
spain vs italyi'm praying for spain's victory .
hands up (aka retweet ) if you're getting up for the final at 4.45 am ? does that mean you're getting an early night ?
happy saint patrick's day , everybody ! i'm sure there will be many pictures of niall horancelebratinghis irish history . (aka wasted )
who even cares that its st . patricks day
our latest live twitter worm for . still seems very close with 1.5 hours left to vote ;
the amount of people changing from no to yes due to cameron and co quite a few i think
fish n chips with green beer ! st patrick's day !
i don't really care about st . patrick's day .
milner you fucking donkey , lighter first touch and bit of fucking ability please .
he said milner did a torres loool
don't you bring obama into this !! that's romney who wants peace
that's obama taking away from us ,
three constituencies have now voted no . scotland - votes no to independence
torrential rain in london . salmond's revenge : sending us scottish weather .
they killed 22 k animals in nepal n now this happened .i take it as a sign that mother nature is mad at us .:/
thank you for pledging further assistance to nepal .
you bragging about how little the means to you is like me bragging about how little means to me :)
thank you and for providing this afternoon's moment in stress relief . now ,,, on to the !
although i'm not irish , i wish you an amazing st . patrick's day :)
decided to do an irish accent in honor of st . patrick's day
?sandryllan: cyclon sandy ,hu2kzay mits nu mah ts nanw deguisement anjy fef rats ku xpdr
fellas did all get the latest new about storm sandy
paris attacks : michel hazanavicius pens sexually e via |
los angeles : heavenly features : four days after the paris attacks , the deadliest in france's
romney makes last-minute appeal for votes (orlandosentinel): share with friends : | | top news - to
romney makes last-minute appeal ahead of michelle obama visit (orlandosentinel): share with friends :
someone tell patrick beverly he sucks
patrick beverly too small to try that lol
st . patrick's day desserts - page 2 via
i am not even out and it's st patricks day weekend -___-
homes featured in 'seinfeld,' 'rescue me ' destroyed by hurricane sandy : the
homes featured in 'seinfeld,' 'rescue me ' destroyed by hurricane sandy : the homes featured i
this boston stuff is tragic and all , what about the people over seas that die everyday and don't get recognized
pray for healing over boston today .
very sad . chief ebola doctor in sierra leone has contracted the deadly disease himself
chief ebola doctor in sierra leone has contracted the deadly disease himself - africa - world - the independent -
i still think romney will win ohio just because of the evangelical vote and cathloic vote which the pundits don't mention
oh i know romney is up on election day , but not by that much i've seen +5 at the most show me a poll with him winning election
our hearts and prayers are sent to paris !
what the hell is actually wrong with the world ? thoughts are with everyone in paris .
plant peas on st . patrick's day
looking forward to st patricks day
it's like but its really just
why beer brands side with gay community , not st . patrick's parades - christian science monitor
i'm way to excited to watch this soccer game !
just a well oiled soccer analyst
today's the day to vote gents gals !
make sure all of you able to vote today go out and exercise that right !
what crazy plans do you have for st . patrick's day ?
about to get a tattoo from an irish man on st . patricks day .
i wanted to go to slo for st . patrick's day so bad
ohhh , st . patrick's day tomorrow
don't we all have a little irish in us ? happy st . patrick's day !!
happy st . patrick's day ! i love the song ! memoirs_of_a_dreamer
obama is the fucking boy . how could you think otherwise ? barack obumbles , obomba , obama-wan-kenobi . what a lad .
thank you !:d i'm glad you actually know why you like obama as opposed to most people i know lol
scotland - result for renfrewshire (3.1% of registered voters ):yes 47.2 %no 52.8 %turnout 87.3 %
scotland - renfrewshire (3.1% of registered voters ): yes 47.2 % no 52.8 % turnout 87.3 %
i hope my grandma is okay from hurricane sandy :/
tis ' not bull ! hurricane sandy gained speed due to an unusual change in the northeastern current flow
my thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by sandy .. stay safe and help each other through this tough time !! xo
thoughts prayers go out to everyone effected by hurricane sandy . always stay safe help one other through this difficult time .
temple u has no class tomorrow or tuesday due to hurricane sandy .
so , did you hear there's a hurricane coming ?
: why and the rich love us tax havens (#panamapapers)
why corporations the rich love us tax havens -
want to help ? consider making a donation here
starting at 12 amest will donate 100 % from books sold online to disaster relief in nepal , lasts 24 hrs :
andersson has played well in goal for the danes tonight , can't take that away from him .
the dutch team seem hell bent on destroying my fantasy football squad
happy st . patricks day from mr . kelleher himself .
oops is it st patricks day ? bc ..
just watched a twenty minute forecast for the hurricane . summed up in a few words : we're all fucked
can we hav a hurricane party ?
oh i nearly forgot happy st patrick's day
all the st patrick's day dickheads are out in force .
gunman holds hostages in australia cafe : armed police cordon off an area in sydney patrons inside a cafe stand
[al jazeera ] gunman holds hostages in australia cafe : armed police cordon off an area in sydney patrons inside
herefordshire man experiencing superstorm sandy on the east coast of america
herefordshire man experiencing superstorm sandy on the east coast of america : a herefordshire man who lives on t
hurricane sandy has a twitter accountyup this is the world we live it .
hurricane sandy remains as a category one with wind gusts between 75 to 90 mph ..
happy st . patrick's day from the one eyed turtle ! we are getting our green on today !
it's st . patrick's day ! and the island green smoothie's 1 st birthday ! grab our delicious island green smoothie today !
stop by today for live discounted distribution at . or just come say hello !
if you're in austin , come see more . if not , stay tuned for live stream info .
i wish i was in dublin for st . patrick's day .
so who's actually celebrating st . patricks day ?
germanwings crash pilot was psychiatric patient , planned big gesture - paper : berlin (reuters) - the co-pilot suspected of deliberate
germanwings crash pilot was psychiatric patient , planned big gesture : paper | etribune , world
two touchdowns , a field goal , a safety for romney . he leads 19 -3. his defense has held obama to a field goal so far .
those are just projections . obama to win :)
i watch too many movies not to take a hurricane coming this way seriously !
hurricane sandy don't stop no show . lets go anyway !
has declared open season tonight on people with melanin that differs from their majority .
white picket fence , american image got a slap in the face from as even gated communities realized officer friendly has tank ak47
bbc news uk crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hostin
it's 8 :30 saturday night , and i just hit my wall . gotta rest up for sunday , anyway
didn't need underwood's homemade kid 'n play hi-top fade , we still got welker's fine ass moostache ! superbowl
plz read and rt my preview of tonight's game between and
hi ,plz read and rt my preview of tonight's game between and
8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says : six marines and two nepali s
dillydee blogs 8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says : six marines a follow us
hockaprobs : never getting pinched on st patricks day
happy st .patricks day all the way from ireland ! :)
meanwhile , at obama's sf campaign office : volunteer tyller williamson , right , hugs barbara
should socialists be happy about the re-election of obama ?
taking a moment to acknowledge the absolute terror that has unfolded in paris . thoughts and prayers with all involved
may the lord touch paris and it's people
paris terror attacks suspects arrested in turkey : turkish authorities arrested three people with suspec
why am i still seeing headlines about the paris attacks ?
don't be a dummy get out and vote !!!
obama promised to closed gitmo in 1 st yr . it's still open
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zyli5jkmyu
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/46fsobwvmf
okay no one informed me that it was st patricks day tomorrow until now !?! wtf
i wonder if bobby is gonna wear any of his camo clothes for st .patricks day tomorrow
second brussels bomber may be on the run - reports .
new video shows devastating aftermath of brussels terror attacks
so the information was given - twice - by turkey . paris terror attacks : turkey told france 2 x about bataclan bomber
a minute's silence at midday (paris time ) today .renault is joining in with the three days of national mourning
that's one of the reasons why obama won
woke up in a great mood s /o obama
ny st patricks day ban on gay signs is pretty stupid , but it's being blown way outta proportion
get festive for st patrick's day with our green feathered 'betty' necklace
'national hero ' sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus : cdc lab director behind anth
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus - democratic underground
i send my prayers to boston
pray for boston and all those affected dear friends !live updates : boston marathon explosion (via
praying for those in thoughts and prayers are with the family n friends of the soldier who was killed r .i.p
pr folks : watch pitches today . not ok to tell journos you hope they're having a great day when there's shooting in our capital
50 % success rate in this prediction malarkey out of 6 games , hope no one is listening too much to my guesses !
them spanish lads are good on the ball . can we buy a few of them for thursday ? they can pay off some of their debt
happy st patrick's day everyone ! here's hoping you all have the luck of the irish today !
thanks for following , guys ! happy saint patrick's day !
i hope you all will be safe from sandy .
i don't understand how hurricane sandy's gonna hurt obama . i'd think not believing in hurricanes till one kills them wo
outrage by family of murdered ex-wife of gunman monis
tori johnson , who was tragically lost last night during a siege in sydney , whilst trying to wrestle a gun off purps
i still didn't make it over there
didn't know u were here too . :/
another earthquake hits nepal with 7.3 magnitude . god bless us all .
oh my god , not again . all my thoughts and prayers goes you in nepal
happy st . patrick's day from illustradent !
happy st . patrick's day from the honor ride team !
abc australia , 217 dem , 167 rep . australia's broadcasters don't have to wait for west coast to close
wait ! did john king just call it for ? i think so !
thank god for election day , no school , vote for obama !!!!!!!
can't believe it's been 4 years (night before election day ) since i covered obama's last rally in charlotte for my college paper
had to put some green on my baby .. my mom takes st patrick's day way to seriously .. smh
on my way out !!! happy st . patrick's !!!
oh yeah , happy st . patrick's day 3 lol
happy st . patrick's day ! make sure to eat your greens !
what's deeply saddening is that the world has time to mourn the lives lost in paris but not in lebanon ? syria ? iraq ? burundi ? heartbreaking
if you hate people who are not exactly like you , you're the problem .#paris
spain look like they will win this comfortably . poor ireland .
ayikho-ke lento , what are these irish defenders doing a gift to 1 - 0 to
[new york times ] new brussels attack suspect is charged , prosecutors say [united states ]
[bot] new brussels attack suspect is charged , prosecutors say
patriot-news deliveries affected by sandy : if you do not receive delivery today , the newspaper digital edition w htt
super storm sandy crisis /info map
happy st patrick's day !!!! don't drink too much like ya did at the brits .. although that was hilarious .
st . patricks day : chocolate mint pudding
andreas lubitz : everything we know on sunday about germanwings plane crash co-pilot : profile , exclusive pictures and latest developme
andreas lubitz : everything we know on sunday about germanwings plane crash co-pilot from
have the details and nationalities of the pilots been confirmed ?
french prosecutor says co-pilot of crashed germanwings plane activated the descent button and refused to open the cockpit door . more follows
;they are so in love ,it a match made in heaven ..i want a man who will love me like obama loves michelle ..;.)
everyone do the macerana in celebration of obama winning 3 2 1 go
exactly my reaction !!! people need to have some sense !
people marking themselves as safe in nepal on my facebook are getting deleted pronto . how much of a bellend can you be .
cold feet ? paris attack fugitive may have ditched terror mission
fox news : cold feet ? paris attack fugitive may have ditched terror mission
hi , sandy - thanks for following us !
hurricane sandy updates : gov bob mcdonnell has declared state of emergency . home-a-rama ends tonight at 9
in nepal , earthquake victims mark buddha's birthday : crowds filled the streets below the gold
in nepal , earthquake victims mark buddha's birthday : crowds filled the streets below the gold tower of the swa
germanwings co-pilot , andreas lubitz , deliberately crashed plane , prosecutor says so sad .
germanwings co-pilot , andreas lubitz , deliberately crashed plane , prosecutor says what the fuck is wrong with people ?
happy st . patrick's day from ready , set , parenthood !
happy st patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish be yours today ! :)
interesting : northeast braces for hurricane : while hurricane sandy heads toward the coast , residents p please rt
interesting northeast braces for hurricane : while hurricane sandy heads toward the coast , residents pr please rt
just want to say thanks to and all first responders . making us safe and taking care of business .
praying my sister is ok with this hurricane going on up there in virginia
totally applies obvs to lots of current news . i had never heard of charlie hebdo
one minute of silence . 6000 people in tonight .
co-pilot appears to have crashed the aircraft deliberately :(.
plane crash latest : co-pilot appears to have crashed aircraft deliberately , according to prosecutor in france .
well said .. we need to take care of our own first .
so diplomatic change should have been the first option before use the refugees budget to keep them out ?
a brave man indeed - s leone chief ebola doctor infected
sierra leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading
romney now this genuinely makes me thrilled
ky . voters make romney their choice for president : kentucky voters have made republican mitt romney their choice for
rt the firts st patricks day for theo *-*
out st patricks day will be in pcb with krewella
sierra leone declares emergency as ebola deaths top 700 : w . africa ebola outbrea
(#team.lil wayne ) sierra leone declares emergency as ebola deaths top 700 : w . africa ebola outbr (#dmjeferson)
what french leaders thought about before the attack :
who are the 12 victims of the attack on charlie hebdo magazine in paris
india media faced a backlash in nepal for doing what it mostly does : practice access journalism . by
nepal earthquake emergency has barely begun in rural areas
happy st patricks day - i suspect the party started on saturday ;-)
i dont give a fuck that its st . patrick's day , bitch do not pinch me .
charlie hebdo attack : this is not a clash of civilisations via
1357 etin the wake of charlie hebdo , free speech does not mean freedom from criticismcached
cnn tech : twitter user apologizes for sandy hoax : as superstorm sandy slammed into the east coast on monday nigh
twitter user apologizes for sandy hoax : as superstorm sandy slammed into the east coast on monday night , one twi
tremors and rumours send shockwaves everywhere
god bless nepal through these hard times .
it's seriously pouring . i bet was hoping for a little more drought (yes, there's still a drought ).
sxsw 2012 : women is there with lisa ling , susan orlean - :
i think there is more important things going on (paris) then this album .
paris attacks : - tighter borders wont work if the attacked were based or french - need to know that .
voting for romney is like devil worshiping .
i hope all the adults vote for romney tomorrow !
nuwakot is a district south west of kathmandu valley . many villages of the district is badly hit by the april 25
yes babies r badly needed for the matze next year !
another monster quake rocks nepal , 4 killed ; no loss of life in india : a strong earthquake shook nepal on tues
another major earthquake in nepal , as if 05 /12/15
a liberian man in his 40 s is being tested for the deadly ebola virus in
liberian man in lagos being tested for ebola virus
happy st patricks day to everyone . although i'm sure he was actually english
happy st . patrick's day angels ! :) x
tonight on : the asian century white paper , responds , plus fgm in australia , the latest on hurricane sandy .
where the fuck is this bitch sandy !!! lol
continue speaking out against the horrific things going on in . people should be educated !
good job im not sorry that triplehq is covering the case instead of your hip hop features right now .
etips : wall street's strategy may shift with obama's re-election : the financial industry largely bet o
damn . i feel asleep on the obama speech . smh
gov . lepage signs limited emergency declaration friday ahead of
gov . lepage signs limited emergency declaration friday ahead of via
day 3 of the hurricane reporti still haven't done anything .
who else is looking for a hurricane girlfriend ?
//t.co/ltway8bx more info here ! -
going to welcome to texas ? preview south east beast if you haven't heard him yet !!
when voting , i hope that people keep in mind that a nation falls when it strays away from what made it great . worldhistory 101
i voted ! yah ! of course that also means i had to help my ma vote for the other guy . she doesn't understand the machines .
revision and isn't a great combination , but i'm going to have to try and mix the two !
fuck it all . just watch , i'm gonna end up cheering for germany when this all shakes out .
yes , i cried in obama's speech
how does smoking a jay symbolize obama winning the election ??? dnt worry ill wait .
when facebook sends you a message asking if you're okay and survived the blast in lahore .
pm : i'm shocked by the terrorist attack in lahore . my thoughts are with the families friends of the victims . we'll do what we can to help .
i'm jewish , but everyone have a great st .patricks day !
have a great st patrick's day !! :d
a 23 -year-old windows #3.1 system failure
the fashion community always sticks together : praying for peace for paris
so much respect for the paris police
terror attacks in paris . a black friday and a bad year for france and europe indeed
allegedly blocked in over protests in .they wanna hide it from the billions .time to buy ?
mt amazing photo : protestor in hong kong walking into a cloud of tear gas
speaking to darling is fine , but have you called general melchett . he's likely to attack scotland if you don't
whatever the final result of the , the whole thing has been a complete humiliation for cameron's government .
oh yeah .. and happy sankt patricks day by the way .. :d :)
happy st . patrick's day by the way , don't be a richard kimble and interfere in a parade !
hurricane sandy showed me how grateful i am for who what i have . a new day . it also allowed people to connect 1 to 1 without phones .
i have a strong feeling hurricane sandy has something to do with haarp
enjoy st . patrick's day like a boss .
happy st . patrick's day , no , i'm not wearing green but i had a green napkin lol , does that count ?
beer backlash to lgbt exclusion st . patrick's parades i know what beer i'll be drinking tonight !
st . patrick's day spirit at northside .!
happy st . patrick's day ! did you know ? - interesting facts about st . patrick . patrick
im the irish part of the happy st .patricks day !:)
kelly clarkson went in !! i rate her voice still
kelly clarkson is terrific . what a voice she has !
via occupy wall street celebrates hurricane sandy ; a response from the hear
occupy wall street celebrates hurricane sandy ; a response from the heart of new jersey
david stern just called sandy katrina .
tell david stern it was hurricane sandy , not katrina yesterday .
bbc : philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines
breaking philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippi
arik air suspends all flights to liberia sierra leone in response to ebola virus epidermic in those countries effective today
arik air , has suspended all flights to liberia and sierra leone in response to the outbreak of the deadly ebola virus in the region .
sandy-hit areas sputter back to life amid heartache : at every turn , there
sandy-hit areas sputter back to life amid heartache via [cnn int .]
8 bodies recovered from us chopper ; moderate tremor jolts nepal
8 bodies recovered from crashed us chopper in nepal - times of india
cnn health : chief ebola doctor contracts the virus : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola o
chief ebola doctor contracts the virus : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the - dr . eric swanson
in honor of st . patrick's day i think i will read a book with a green cover . who's with me ? ~joella
someone make me green eggs and ham , because st . patrick's day and stuff .
thank u huni . happy st patricks day xxx
happy st patricks day twitterisers , lets all get wankered in an underpass somewhere .
the croatian keeper performing gymnastics to keep marchisio out
great save by the croatian keep . big
resorts to tear gas to break up democracy protesters after warnings - via
bbc news - : tear gas and clashes at democracy protest -
paddy would like to wish all his friends and fellow leprechauns a very happy st patrick's day .
it's paddy not patty with that happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! from all of us samco food store stay safe .
today st . patrick day !!! i love all my irish folk !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/duhoqrj69h
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jm6zieigrb
this makes me sad tbh .. prayers to all the families in paris and japan . peace xx
aldubnation let us all unite for prayers for paris
i'm in tears . i can't believe this .
if you haven't heard about yet , i suggest you do some googling .
thanx to sandy . it looks like thanksgiving in this bxtch !
hurricane sandy just sounds like a funny name
every hour until the polls close , i will post one candidate that i have endorsed and why you should vote for them .
anyone else bored with the american election ? debate
had soo much fun yelling 'obama won !' on the road , esp . when this cute old trishaw driver standing gave me a thumbs up ! :) only in
i woke up with the news that obama has won the elections . yay !!!!
claire mccaskill got more votes than mitt romney last night .
in other news , obama unifies the nation and tries to mend gaps and holes he didn't even create . that's leadership . that
says jet plunged for eight minutes , local police say 'everyone is dead ' - times li
germanwings says jet plunged for eight minutes , local police say 'everyone is dead ' | via timeslive
xander says happy st . patricks day !
hope everyone had a happy st . patrick's day--whether you are irish or not !
how can they be such heartless creatures ?torturing innocent people . allah be with all the muslim
where is your humanity ? how can you stand by do nothing when innocent people are being killed ?
eagles bout to have a sandy miracle ! touchdown and an inside kick yoooo
so sandy is coming . we have plenty of beer and gas for the generator . we'll be on the phones monday tuesday . add our records .
tomorrow is going to be great ! st patricks day and a new fastnloud !
st . patrick's day parade - part 1
jim iyke flees liberia amid reports of ebola outbreak : the actor who was in monrovia , liberia f
jim iyke flees liberia amid reports of ebola outbreak : the actor who was in monrovia , liberia for
is hugo okay ?? bc like he lives in sydney and i was worried yesterday
extra asian cup security sought after sydney siege : kuala lumpur , malaysia (ap) -- the asian football confeder
so let's see , obama is going to play basketball while romney campaigns . pretty much sums up work ethic of the 2 ca
by the way , english people telling americans not to vote for romney . we can't exactly boast . look who's in charge of
: identity of germanwings co-pilot revealed : the name of the co-pilot in the cockpit of via
germanwings pilot deliberately locked his co-pilot out of cockpit .
no matter who you vote for today .just get out there and vote !
african americans today is our day to show our votes cannot be suppressed !!! no matter how difficult never be discouraged
things happening just now with hostage situation in sydney :
our thoughts are with everyone involved in the hostage situation in sydney
lol it is very serious to quite a few people , i have seen very extreme behavior on st patricks day
btw , happy st . patrick's day gemma ! i hope you have a magnificent day !! 3 :d
- it just gets more horrible and heartbreaking .
update : france mourns after the deadly attacks in paris .
we will be closed tomorrow due to hurricane sandy headed our way . will keep u posted on order delays if power goes out . be safe everyone !!
hurricane sandy is coming target is a wasteland lmao
good people vote then drink good beer . message brought to you by #
quick , raid and get home for the results
never ever seen a young greek goalkeeper , there always pushing 40 with grey hair
football is finally back !! lets have it !!
teddy ! are you okay ? did sandy get you ?
there hard times ahead for those affected by hurricane sandy . let's help ease their transitio
: pushed trade deal amid warnings it would make money laundering , tax evasion worse
tuned in .. .. i read that yesterday .. the .. wonder if it wakes up politicians
pilot was locked out of cockpit , trying to smash the door down before the crash
pilot is locked out of cockpit prior to germanwings crashing into the alps .
happy st patricks day from dublin to all the irish at home and away a great day to be proud of who we are and what we do
st patrick's day used to be my favoritebut fuck the 17 th , never again will i celebrate anything on that cursed day .
half ya mother fuckers havent even fairly evaluated the presidential race ya just say obama cause he black sit down you ignant ass hoodlums
proof positive osama bin laden is deadhe voted early for obama in chicago !
guest on rev al just said even if the cops version is true , and it doesn't seem to be , it is still murder . wow
police in seem far more interested in protecting themselves than citizens . what happened to that oath they took ?
news : protesters march on ebola center in sierra leone
protesters march on ebola center in sierra leone - reuters
very scary sight . new york's gone black .
was charging my phone in the car and my car died ! hahaha sandy hates me
did you miss interview ? find report here
minority report gesture system was real ? wow
dwiner : : hurricane sandy leaves dozens of flights cancelled .
now i can hear the wind sandy's on her way
what if gangnam style was just a rain dance and it brought hurricane sandy to the us ?
is that true ? they said sandy changed it's course line !?
my dad said sandy is supposed to strike us at 11 so get ya popcorn and blankets dis gonna be good
. basements do suck in the case of but so do walls of glass .
a nice change from lemonade as a non-soda drink and a non-alcholoic option to celebrade st . patricks
did somebody say ben ??? i wonder what the irish hunk is doing on st patrick's day ??
the lessons from the terror attacks - via
brussels attack : massive manhunt for terror suspects watch at :
trending u .s. sending disaster response team , $1 million in aid to nepal
my good friend and fellow artist martin travers is currently in nepal on an artist residency , and has been
upen 321 : breaking : powerful earthquake kills at least 449 people in nepal , say police
tamys 46 : breaking : powerful earthquake kills at least 449 people in nepal , say police
fucking hurricane sandy fucking shit up .
nyse mercantile exchange canceled floor trading as hurricane sandy barreled toward new york
the problem with the adverts being highlight of show is that there's never a good chance to pee
wow , ford should just kill itself right now for those jeter commercials . just do us all a favor and do that .#superbowl
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! erin gobraless !
happy st patricks day ! get out and enjoy this beautiful day
kermit had us all fooled . happy st .patricks day .
here's an blessing for you today .happy st . patrick's day to all !
your buddies just blew up brussels . what are you going to do about it ?
have you not seen the attacks by boko haram ? were the attacks in paris and now brussels not radical islamists ?
picture - down tree in from sandy , in front of our lady of mount carmel church
traffic light at road and route 100 in is out
give up yer aul sins . happy st patricks day
hey babe happy st .patrick's day to you too :d
pope calls for assistance for nepal quake victims , rallies prayers in st . peter's square : pope francis ha
pope calls for assistance for nepal quake victims , rallies prayers in st . peter '
what's happening in right now , is not an example of the america i know and love .
corporations have 1 st amendment rights to free speech of campaign money , but the press cannot move freely and report abt .
euro 2012 : reviews and photos of the best moments of matches at available in five
checking on plans for policing tonight police station )
nepal : 8 bodies recovered from u .s. helicopter crash : eight bodies have now been
nepal : 8 bodies recovered from u .s. helicopter crash : eight bodies have now been recovered
happy st patrick day to all my familys and friends
happy st . patrick's day from anyone else love green gumballs ?
hey , mom's meals friends . are you ready for hurricane sandy ? what are you doing to prepare ?
how hurricane sandy could bring the first snow of the year
i feel like if romney gets elected , then the world will end .
if romney wins tomorrow say goodbye to america . what a fucking lowlife ..
terror has no face , race , religion , language , brand , country or nationality .
glad to hear that all of our people currently visiting paris photo are safe .
cameron osborne ridiculously saying littlebritain cannot be successful or we would cause global meltdown !
he also says universal credit is running on time and on budget !
new york city subway stations emptied in advance of hurricane sandy [pics]: images of a com
websiteready .ca new york city subway stations emptied in advance of hurricane sandy [pics]
just figured out st .patricks day is tomorrow lol
happy st . patrick's day from lucy !
aljazeera : sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies : sheik umar khan becomes second specialist to die ,
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies : sheik umar khan becomes second specialist to die , as west africa grapple
election catastrophe ! obama's win means i cannot claim uk asylum on grounds that my life as a woman is in imminent danger !
go va !! r nbc news declares barack obama the projected winner in virginia .
before and after of new jersey || devastating damage (via
i still have not figured out how im going to get to times square from queens tomorrow for the ptv /sws show ..stupid sandy fucking shit up !
happy st patricks day to you too my hunnybun x
have a great day happy st patricks day xx
prayers for our friends and family and bh family in paris
paris is in our prayers ! what a crazy night for the french people . let the outpouring of the holy spririt bring peace over the country !
where we arrest great grandma .
folks being threatened with arrest if they don't keep moving ? what ? what kind of crime is it to stand still ?
ok finegwapo si tom brady but go giants ! hahahah
i can do without the commercials and the halftime show just give me the game .
how slimy and sleazy can the romney campaign get ???????
yall on extra gov . help .. but your voting for mitt ?? oh okay
happy st patrick's day in donegal tweed , so it is .
happy st . patrick's day and watch out for that irish whiskey .
ah , st patrick's day who else is irish today ?- leigh
happy st . patrick's day ! getting more from you have a great day !
marcus lattimore natina reed sf giants james harden hurricane sandy nyc earthquake marina krim just
marcus lattimore natina reed sf giants james harden hurricane sandy nyc earthquake marina krim justin bieber cancer l
pls follow me and !! happy st patricks day
happy st .patrick's day ! hope you had a good one (:
it wasn't safe before sandy .. we've tested nyc drinking water and it's completely safe .
had to cancel the team meeting . could not able to connect with team members of new jersey over phone . effect of superstorm sandy ??
[#josedaviid13] ebola : events in iraq and syria have alarmed u .s. attorney general eric holder . follow
ebola : events in iraq and syria have alarmed u .s. attorney general eric holder .
so , what's the recommended beverage for watching hopefully for results from a depressing ?
guy almost falls back in chair on cnn during coverage
media coverage of is absurd vicarious bullshit : that is all , goodnight !
it's tragic what's happening in sydney . australia is such a peaceful place it's sad how they are dragged into this
only time i like to watch commercials .
is the only time we actually look forward to commercials :p
if police in want to do their job , they need to hear about this murderer on the loose on paid leave :
i'm just so concerned with the fact that media is just so conveniently hid away as soon as curfew is in effect
iam_gideonphemy the evidence that the germanwings copilot was muslim is sketchy as hell : in the w
the evidence that the germanwings copilot was muslim is sketchy as hell : in the wake of the germanwings flight
tom brady going home with giselle .he's not a loseronly the rest of the patriots players are . lol
lol . what the end of the season looked like in the go
happy st patrick's day ! perhaps a (or two ) later ?
would like to wish a happy st patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day to the best singer ever
happy st . patricks day my loves :)xx
god is good ! obama is so sincere . im happy . i dont care who disagrees
and the point of stating that obama is black is what exactly ?!?
are u aware of a hostage situation in sydney chocolate shop ?
twitter is amazing . message friend in sydney after seeing news on twitterthey are 900 m away from cafe and had no idea . power of the web .
bcc health : first suspected ebola case in ghana : ghana is treating its first suspected case of the ebola virus
world news first suspected ebola case in ghana : ghana is treating its first suspected case of the ebola virus
my apologies to you and your lossesas well to all sandy victims .sandy was no jokehere in texas we followed her
hope everyone is okay by sandy ! if not , let me know and i will pray for you :)
increasing support for no vote after count 3 of 32 : 59 % vote against independence
02 :45. lots of declarations , including some bellweathers , coming up . should be a pretty clear picture in an hour
germanwings plane's mangled black box may contain answers to mysterious crash , french investigators cracked
germanwings crash : what we know so far about flight 4 u 9525 ( video )
if you believe all those photos of hurricane sandythen feast your eyes on this !
oh , american apparel what in blue hell were you thinking with this 'sandy sale ' -
' sends 'peace love ' after paris attacks via
so many people have been killed during the paris invasion /attack rip ..
happy st patricks day to everyone in the spirit of the day , sending a smile your way :-)
st . patricks day : everyone's excuse to get totally wasted during the day
harry redknapp said before hollands first game they would be lucky to get out of this group !!!
i dont think holland will qualify now
spain yesss easy game for them
so spain are pretty good at football then !
changing my mind about the dutch . look poor at the back . hopefully that will mean some entertaining games
you could have had the tie there , dutch !!
the latest : patricia weakens as it moves inland over mexico : the latest : patricia weakening but still strong hurricane as it moves ov
the latest : patricia weakens as it moves inland over mexico : the latest : patricia weakening but still strong h
i wonder how many players aren't patriots fans & how many players aren't giants fans .
state kickoff was an absolute blast last night ! gonna make our mark this year ! excited about the tonight !
why do we have school and work on st . patrick's day ?most people want to get drunk , not sit at school /work.
..hey molly , tomorrow is st . patricks day .
did obama say he's going to cut the military ?
president obama is ending with a rally in des moines , iowa - the state that started us on this road to r
un food agency calls for 8 million dollar donations for nepal farmers : the un's food agency on thursday
un food agency calls for 8 million dollar donations for nepal farmers : the un's food agency on thursday called for 8 million dollars
germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning : on any other wednesday morning , the steps in f
school of sorrow : germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning 17
i hate how could legit sleep thru a serious tornado or hurricane and not even bat an eyelash
reuters today : sandy clean-up , eu budget wrangle looms - reutersvideo : nov . 1 - sodden u .s. northeast begins th
another st patricks day is coming
happy st . patrick's day everyone , enjoy those lucky charms !!
i miss working at on st . patrick's day
perfect for st . patrick's day . make it happy .
most peaceful protest iv ever seen .
; a petition or protest makes a request for change ;a revolutionary movement makes demands to overthrow govt officials ; by
well done for giving over a lot of their digital sites to from what i can see on
my voice is small on the world stage , but
hurricane sandy : forecasters warn pre-halloween 'perfect storm ' will strike east coast
hurricane sandy : forecasters warn pre-halloween 'perfect storm ' will strike east coast : hurricane sandy co
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a com
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a c via
no just getting a run at st patricks day o_o
i'm not sure i know we're going to river street and st patricks parade /festival
i'm dreeeeeaming of a whiiiiitee ..st. patrick's day ?
wish i didn't work on st . patricks dayor the day after .
melbournians are massing at fed square's vigil photo : rob prezioso
the horrendous attack on paris , finally made the world realize , that terrorism is no one's internal problem . and had to be tackled unitedly !
my political view is unbiased , but what the hell has obama done to deserve 4 more years ? like romney or not , we need a new leader
if romney wins i'm moving to cuba
miss the panel ? check out the recap from
where are you in texas ? check out sxsw if you can .
triggers mount everest avalanche , eight people killed
thechatrath : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
we show you how to make your own st . patricks day animation with an ipad .
everyone heading to the only interstate st patrick's day parade in the country .
instagram images from sandy via
wow lake michigan was like freaking out today due to the wind from hurricane sandy !
fuck romney . i want the same shit as everyone else .
if your going to vote for romney just unfollow me and ill do the same , we obviously can't be friends
pull off another great super bowl win . what a clutch performance by eli manning and the whole team !
now the done time for a shower then to take the dog a walk !
i had no clue it was st . patricks day until pinched me
loool i always forget my dad's birthday . his name is patrick and he's born on st patricks day surely i should remember
live : germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps with 150 dead , black box found : french president francois
airbus crashes in french alps , 150 dead ; black box found
laundry done , dishwasher run , canned goods stockpiled , cakes baked , bathtub filled , batteries charged time to crack open the wine .
i would kill to be in lower manhattan in the next few days covering hurricane sandy
mashable : more information coming to light about one of the paris attackers and what france knew ahead of time
here is a very interesting analysis of the causes of the paris atrocity :
my parents are stuck in new york because of hurricane sandy . there are worse places to be stuck i guess . like luton .
hurricane sandy heading for new york . before : and now :
two-thirds of foreign direct investments into in 2013 flowed through
hard to tell as clearly someone provoked him beforehand . need to see the full version . folks have strong restraint .
we hope you all are staying safe during !
our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by hurricane sandy . stay safe everyone !
was the last time uva closed for a hurricane fran ? i remember that like it was yesterday .
sandy !!! still remember me ? its jeongwon ! :d
via canadian columnist slams 'selfish' believers for praying for paris
from canadian columnist slams 'selfish' believers for praying for paris
the only reason for england to go very far in is joe hart .
i jinxed it 1 -0 england ! keep it up guys !
amb /bfg/026/ng: : giant leak of offshore financial records exposes global array of corrup
: giant leak of offshore financial records exposes global array of corruption : mill
i missed out on walking with the in the st patrick's day parade again this year . maybe next time ..
st patricks day parade of stereo 2
happy st patricks day mate ! suits you !!
happy st patricks day ,we're sure it will be very quiet on the emerald isle today !!
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus . the head doctor fighting the deadl
chief ebola doctor contracts deadly virus via
happy st . patrick's day ! help yourself to some trivia and celebrate . | via
happy st .patricks day you big grumpy fuck hehe
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zhwwytz2x2
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ouwsagr8zx
are you wearing green today ? happy st . patrick's day to you !
who is this kelly and how did she get a green named after her ? happy st . patrick's day !!
: rescuers struggle to reach many in nepal , fear worst : rescuers struggle to reach many in ne
isbpl : rescuers struggle to reach many in nepal , fear worst : rescuers struggle to reach many in nepal , f
you guys going to sxsw this year ?
nxt year i'm hitting up sxsw 4 sure .
getting freaking bored waiting for the . so i did my makeup and errthang . save me from this boredom . -__-
mean tons of left overs for me !
to all hampton roads transit customers (hrt system )due to hurricane sandy , transit services may be suspended
barely took day 4 prediction ( bout media sandy to come true :
sandy affecting travellers around the globe :
bring it on sandy indy can handle you .
isn't it interesting that you can shut the fuck up and suck my ass because there's people in paris dying
the mizzou /black lives matter schmucks are scum of the earth , attacking the paris situation for their crap .
happy st . patricks day from missouri . .
happy st patrick to u all too 3
there's a shooting in ottawa and thats 4 hours away from me
to police chief to speak shortly to inform public about increased security measures after today's shootings in ottawa .
welcome back from spring break happy st . patricks day !!
happy st patrick day ! hope your sleeping well :) xxxx
i'm ready for saint patrick's day !! will be my good luck charm whether he knows it or not !
watch on tomorrow reviewing stouts and food matches for with christine holly .
if you want to make president obama proud , graduate from high school , go to college , get a job , and be a role model . rais
jesus christ password protected nudes folders ???? what if i forget the pw ??? can obama help ????
pentagon spokesman on 1033 program : only got 2 soft-sided humvees and a generator .
check my timeline for comments stl county police are posting on facebook
marvel announces augmented reality app , exclusive digital comics at sxsw : not content with simply via . engadget
geek alert ! marvel announces augmented reality app , exclusive digital comics at sxsw
obama : attorney general traveling to on wednesday .
obama : ag holder to travel to on wednesday .
day 44 : gary bettman , you see what happens when you cause lockouts ? your state gets destroyed by a hurricane .
but really though , when will these hurricane sandy tweets stop
there is way too much talking .get on with the sodding game !
you're gonna be 5 bucks poorer after this game bud !
waiting on u lol u over there with sandy tho haha .
what to do if superstorm sandy flooded your car : if your car was damaged by water during hurric
happy st . patrick's day northshore !
happy st patricks day guys c :
hang in there ! happy st . patrick's day ! love you !
stan , happy st patrick's day to you as well .
happy st . patrick's lists day ! please click on the card ..:)
happy st .patricks day , happy day to me :)
still feel shud have started in the game last night ..
a great moment from today's game
hope they can do something . sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus (cmts
that's sad : sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus via
saint patrick's day is the day that st . patrick died
happy st patrick's day ! hq )
any man that can sing al green , deserves to be us president !
i wanted obama to win , but i never saw a debate cause are boring .
happy st . patrick's day you beauties ! be safe out there tonight .
happy st patricks day ;-) sending u an irish blessing hope u enjoy ur hike w ur friends leila ;-)
but st patricks day is my birthday do i get a happy birthday
happy st patrick's day and oh happy symphonica day !! how did that come around so quickly ?!
happy st . patrick's day with a very cool video .
a beautiful day it is . happy st . patrick's day ! it's going to be a good one !
happy st patrick's day pic tooken by me new pick ups .
happy st . patrick's day from hottie the babes !
black people may vote for obama because he's black , but white people are also voting for romney because he's white , it's the same thing dawg
obama ate a bowl of nail , yum , i hope !
damn today's st patricks day
damn forgot it was st . patrick's tomorrow
happy st patrick's day shakeawayland
top of the morning to ye ! happy st . patrick's day
slainte . happy st . patricks day .. distillery pub
we almost forgot .happy st . patrick's day ! have a green beer on us !
thank you , i like it . have a great st . patrick's day =)
st patrick's day we ready
just saw a post saying how can you be christian and vote for obama lol if you know the definition of christian romney isn't christian
sure mitt , i'll be your running mate , but i'm keeping my day job .
happy st . patrick's day twitter !! how are we celebrating ?!
st . patrick's day is a joke especially when assholes on facebook chose to joke about supporting the ira . fuck that .
just curious which gear you'll use during your reports from nepal , sat gear or iphone / ipad ?
help this beautiful ecofashion factory in nepal to rebuild with your donation .
oh , don't blaspheme on st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day !become a donor here .
these attacks on paris are beyond fucked up
paris attacked again , awful news .
i congratulate aap volunteers for doing nothing for
aftershocks again n again . night to stay awake and stay strong .
sydney cafe siege probe 'advanced': a probe into the police raid which ended a 16 -hour sieg
sydney cafe siege probe 'advanced': a probe into the police raid which ended a 16 -hour siege ff
hola ! see this : sandy gone , caribbean mourns 43 dead , cleans up [a link in my bio ]
nice one : sandy gone , caribbean mourns 43 dead , cleans up (a link in my bio )
drafting all my tweets during the hurricane
wait y'all really played the numbers game during sandy an excuse to get your ego stroked lol ..
praying for the people who were hit hard by sandy .
wind blustered all night , but has slowed a little . rain still falling . power still on ! ptlord ! praying for all who were hit harder .
code blue - the startup health | health 2.0 sxsw party via
listening to don't let it get to you by rostam on hunted twitter kinect at
happy st . patricks day . im on the hunt for a leprechaun ;3 .
happy st . patrick's day ! find out about the work the salvation army is doing in ireland :
icymi : a 2 nd earthquake has hit just 2 weeks after a major tremor :
good thing about this community come closer shared tent in kathmandu
it's the day ! a day 300 odd years in the making .
anyone stupid enough to vote freedom not us india africa and rest would think your totally mad
(null)#terror victimises innocent livesdemocracy :annihilate peace prosperity :deserts ladieschildren :whydisterror?
for the love of _______ , think twice before you do something you think _______ wants you to do .
e hurricane has just reached the duke residence
copied from shirley flora--with hurricane sandy approaching , let's start the biggest prayer chain !!! we all need
thanks for spreading the word on our live embeddable multi-brand news feed on the hurricane !
43 ppl died already from hurricane sandy , why spongebob ain't give her the d this wouldn't happen
today's st . patrick's day ?? i forgot they still celebrate that thing .
73 on st . patrick's day ? i'll take it . at least i work outside !
thank you both for the newest follows over the weekend ! happy st .patrick's day today . :d ~r
happy st . patrick's day from the barrie office
'may your troubles be less and your blessings be more ', happy st . patrick day !
happy st . patrick's day ! how are you celebrating today ?
paris attacks : is 'radicalisation' really the problem ?: big question : associating such atrocities as tho
: paris attacks : is 'radicalisation' really the problem ?: big question : associating su via
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!!photo: santa cruz sand
we had an awesome day with country day families at the redondo beach st . patrick's day 5 k on sunday ! in this
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ikj4b2uwwa
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/va2ogvha7p
photo : happy st . patricks day people
happy st patricks day to you xxxx
ottawa gunman asked b .c. judge to send him to jail in 2011
gunman , pleaded with b .c. judge to send him to jail , because he might do something
happy st . patrick's day ! shoutout to ofc the
happy st .patrick's day to both of you guys irish man !x and
happy st patricks day ! no green beer for me but some of you may be doing irish yoga today .
did you know georgia is home to one of the biggest st . patrick's day celebrations in the country ?
sandy done made cuffing season come early !
looking through pictures of sandy , it's heartbreaking to see how someone can work so hard for their homes just to have
happy st . patrick's day from appstate cs ! 8 -)
nova and i wish everyone a happy st .patrick's day
via wall street employees think banker pay would increase under romney
wall street employees think banker pay would increase under romney : wall street pay this year is expected to inc
no announcement on policies for hurricane sandy ticket holders ???
ahh no school on monday and tuesday due to hurricane sandy never been more happy
fabregas and casillas that hug was just too cute !
a matter of inches just decided that match , such a rough way to get bounced .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dqb6cniqan
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/or934lr3wm
new : 21 dead as hagupit hits philippines ; storm's impact less severe than expected
21 dead as hagupit hits philippines ; storm's impact less severe than expected : hagupit , now a tropical storm ,
happy st . patricks day ! i just ran 3.74 mi with nike +.
happy st . patricks day everyone ! hope yall had a good day !!
van der vaart and huntelaar are in for the dutch .
robben , we all know that you're going left . ran right into the defender . lol
happy st patrick's day , hope you enjoyed
blahhhhhhhhh !! happy st .patricks day !! cheers to everyone around the world !! we're all in this together !!
so sad i didn't get to see at this year .
well that was a pretty killer set from craft spells . nice surprise .
boston bombings : home-grown terrorists suspected - the hindu : the hinduboston bombings : home-grown terrorists
every newspaper in the world headlines boston terror //t.co/dj3l5d17d1
europe after paris - has it got a future ?
watch : anonymous cyber-hackers declare war on isis following paris attacks - israel news doing job obama won't do
health news form bbc video : 'worst ebola outbreak in history ': the world health organization (who) is hosting
video : 'worst ebola outbreak in history ' | the world health organization (who) is hostin
facebook apologises for lahore bombing 'safety check ' error : social network accidentally sent
o +ve required urgently .abdul wahab 03135301313 . ittefaq hospital , rt
happy to you ! thank you everything you do for us .
happy ! feeling lucky ? like us on for a chance to win some !
what even is st patricks day ? and isn't it usually a sunday ??
happy st . patrick's day . don't over it do it today .
i hope is not trying to cover up ebola virus outbreak
nature's most perfect killing machine : on the ebola virus (via
i don't get why he was brought on , what do you expect him to do in 1 min
i'm going for debuchy as my man of the match he was great to watch
happy st patricks day (family origin : cork , southern ireland )
happy st patrick's day everyone . i miss you ireland hope to visit in the next few years x
happy saint patrick's day ! our robert h . gibson river garden brown bag lunch today will celebrate the holiday
getting ready for the st . patrick's day celebration
the only place to be on st patricks day
eyooow ! happy st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day . now let me pinch that butt
wishing you a happy and safe st . patrick's day ! (free mke bus rides tonight after 6 !)
reports of at least two gunmen inside the lindt cafe at sydney's martin place . updates :
wtf hostage situation in martin place in sydney and a islamic flag over the window .. whats happening in the world
i'm really scared about this hurricane
so in your moms world does she believe we are gonna get hit with this hurricane
if halloween is delayed again because of the hurricane im going to be so mad .
the news is way to hype about this hurricane !
match is suspended because of the rain . too sad to even attempt to joke about diving , i just want the game back .
nah its only a bit of rain !
what would you do with paris guys ?
good to hear . my friends in paris too . hope i will be able to fly next week for the gig though
my green cup for the whole day
good morning conestoga ! wishing you all a safe and excellent st . patrick's day !
important information for policy holders affected by the recent terrorist attack in brussels .
after tuesday's terrorist attacks in brussels , a sacramento woman worries about her family and friends , while
hurricane sandy power outages : signs of progress in some states : utilities are dealing with
hurricane sandy power outages : signs of progress in some states : utilities are dealing with power
| 'papa noel ': the isis recruiter authorities say built the paris-brussels t | -
'papa noel ': the isis recruiter authorities say built the paris-brussels terror cell : the deadly at
happy st . patrick's day ! the dynamically-styled concept dressed appropriately -
we tweeted this about 30 minutes ago , due to the st patrick's day parade .
wow , protest got real , they are about to arrest hundreds of people . they have cattle all the protestors .
but if countrywide demilitarization of us police can come out of this tragedy , now that's a !#ferguson
whether bc of russian military action , the paris attacks , or a combo of the two , putin now has a seat at the table
interesting analysis || why paris ? the answer can be found in syria and iraq via
president obama was not a draft dodger . mitt was , he used missionary work as an excuse to not go .
what yall gone do if mitt romney win ? die ?
texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia : gripping footage sho --full story
: texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia : gripping via
happy st . patrick's day !the high kings - paddy's green shamrock shore
happy st patricks day we will be discounting all things green today ! to be sure to be sure !
you think you will be safe because you kiss their a $$? you too are a kafir and all your cabinet .
the highlight of all the and media coverage was arnab saying beat cnn and other international networks .
big st patrick's day bash
who's stoked to not have a hangover after st . patrick's day !
romney supporters pushing ultra-conservative agendas in africa criminalize gays threaten women's health via
he's no mlk , but he still better than the other guy . our fridge door plumps for
sending good vibes to all the people in paris . stay safe , everyone .
best wishes to the people in paris . j'ador to the people affected . stay safe .
in solidarity with you - our interventions at patrick's day celebrations
we hope everyone had a safe st . patrick's day !!
a $ap rocky crew involved in brawl at sxsw (blog) it was 3 :30am when a $ap rocky and his crew hit
still can't believe i missed sxsw .
hurricane sandy would never be here if patrick would've stopped making fun of texas .
sandy don't give a f **k smh
raises over $11,000.00 for nepal relief /support
how charities are using video to raise awareness for nepal via
13 confirmed dead from hurricane sandy and 5.7 million without powergod be with the east coast
niggas on cypress stay outside hurricane or no hurricane lmao
a much more subdued opening to the show , in the wake of the paris terrorist attacks by cecily strong
a little about the artist behind the ever shared peace for paris symbol .
we were at the event last night . are you at sxsw ?!
idea for innovation . next year i print my badge at home . just like i did for my plane ticket .
my mind is blown by this .just shredded .sxsw meets bear barit my fucking brain come to life .
this boat party was the best idea ever ! w /
if you don't vote at all or vote independent that's a vote for obama----the man who is against israel and all things godly .#voteromney
working hard to get rid of obama
even the animals are going green for st patrick's day
st patricks day makes me want to live back in ireland again :(
sending my sincerest colodences to the affected families by .
hilton garden inn in bloomfield refuses to boot victims for marathoners who had reservations . hooooraaaay for hgi !
good game , better then most expected
game one done and so it begins
sandy did shit by me , i was hoping for it to be a little more exciting
i have a few ny followers ..yoooooo son you good b ? that hoe sandy gettin all gully and shit
because like obama romney , the difference is small but what other choice is there ?
talks about being a muslim for obama
pray for paris . i am shocked
paris attacks are just awful . islamic state the scourge of our times . not since ww2 has there been such a bunch of dickheads
our thoughts and prayers for the city of boston and all of those affected by this tragic event .
this is absolutely terrible . i can't believe things like this keep happening . my thoughts are with everyone there . be
video : tacloban 'feels the fury ' of typhoon : typhoon hagupit has made landfall in the town of dolores in the e
video : tacloban 'feels the fury ' of typhoon : typhoon hagupit has made landfall in the town of dolore
hundreds come out for rockford st . patrick's parade : an annual tradition for those who are irish or like to call
wrex : hundreds come out for rockford st . patrick's parade
about to dive into this here st . patrick's day dinner . get that protein in my voice . w /
shellkoch is ready for st . patrick's day dinner !
[from my blog ] how to prevent you your loved ones from contracting the deadly ebola virus
how to prevent you your loved ones from contracting the deadly ebola virus : the lagos s ( via )
arrests in brussels raids but paris suspect still on run -
schools , subway remain closed as belgium seeks paris suspect
why am i not out on st patricks day ?
did you see the turn green for st patrick's day ?
israeli airstrikes right now eastern gaza city .
11 martyrs and 80 injuries from morning till now
praying for families affected tonight by tragic events in paris .
horrible what is happening in paris tonight . as a ff , the pure chaos that involves an event like this for all , inc rescuer's , is unthinkable
starting to get marginal .. next flight going to be ifr . this is hartford before hurricane sandy .. ;)
i can hear the wind from sandy o_o
wish you a happy st . patrick's day ! hope you can celebrate a little bit :d
happy st patrick 's day lots of love x
happy st .patricks day from all us irish
happy saint patrick's day from all at love
to be fair , rich white guy i get why you may vote mitt . if you're gay , not white , young , old , uninsured , a woman etc . what are you thinking ?
you're a self serving rhino . telling people of connecticut to vote for obama because u know most here are liberal . pathetic
thinking of everyone in new york city us east coast who been affected by storm sandy .
i hope our american and canadin folks are ok after superstorm sandy .
npr : hurricane patricia's unexpected aftermath
story npr : hurricane patricia's unexpected aftermath
morning wycombe - happy st patrick's day and all that
happy st patrick's day ! everyone's irish today !
soft rock music --- christopher rosen : spotted at sxsw : random celebs hit austin : south by southwest is p
christopher rosen : spotted at sxsw : random celebs hit austin : south by southwest is populated by more than just
heart bleeding account of the problems facing brits in spain in the event of
social engineering by the 'we know what's best for you ' class will come back to bite them on the buttocks 4 britain
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sfg3kcyxmy
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0ugxyjlo84
the calls from sandy are out of control !
romney fail . mitt will blame christie and sandy and all those women in america for his loss . and that silly
sandy needs to bring her ass
my parents are stocking up on food because hurricane sandy might be passing through my area .
sorry , we're celebrating st . patrick's day and all of the february and march birthdays .
amateurs celebrate st patricks day 2 days before it actually happens . !
romney , who issued 800 vetoes of dem legislation in mass ., claiming bipartisanship on his last tour of lies .
obama with jay z ? ur kidding . can u be anymore hollywood ? cmon man
patrick beverly just went beast mode on bosh's face !!
patrick beverly just shitted on bosh
no deaths from hurricane patricia reported yet .
famed climatologist bette midler blames hurricane patricia on -li
urban , dance pop , ricky martin and michelle obama campaign together in orlando - fox news y
crying toddler is sick of barack obama and mitt romney
fuck the weather at the ukraine france game
omg florence and the machine au staaaade yeahhhhhhh
106 park looking for 150 guest . a day before the showis it cuz of sandyor did they really fall off dat bad ???
prayers for all those lives impacted or affected by hurricane sandy !
tonight is the night ! obama's reign of terror ends !! president romney , i like the sound of that !
if china voted , it would be obama in a landslide , surveys show - los angeles times : economic timesif china voted
sandy's cominnn hide yo kidz hide yo wife
no we are gonna get the rain from hurricane sandy
two americans infected with ebola in liberia outbreak : washington : two americans involved in the treatment of
two americans infected with ebola in liberia danielle haynes monrovia , liberia , july 27 (u
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jbwhr2whku
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fjnxeeuv2o
happy saint patricks day ! gosh i shud have a unique name
just found out i'm part irish . happy saint patricks day
: british pm reminds of obligations over
the sight of people taking over flyovers in the city is surreal
ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbrea
vemma drink ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak
7 paris terror attacks foiled here in the last 6 months !: prime minister announces funding for 2,000 more spies
insensitive and utterly deplorable . //t.co/ntlrmgxo0c
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! remember to celebrate , and most importantly , be safe .
today's soup is mccorry's irish stew ! lamb beef , potato ,celery,carrot,onion,garlic, guinness . happy st . patrick's day ! (gluten dairy )
obama :') best news to wake up to
fantastic result today . very happy . congratulations president obama and to all in the usa , particularly those who voted !
paris terror attack : typical risk off but somewhat different
isis assholes targeting people in wheelchairs at concert tells you all you need to know about those subhumans .
because man , woman and dog can live by chunky soup alone , we are hurricane ready !
hurricane sandy ran through my room already nbd
was making hurricane nachos and realized no lettuce ! can't have nachos w /out that ! so off he went to walmart - only store open . good thing
i can't take hurricane sandy seriously omg
breaking : another shooting and hostage situation is reported in paris , at least 2 dead
horrified by the flogging of for the crime of writing a blog . he is also .
if i could vote , its choose obama cause i think he should turn the country around in these next 4 years .
i just really hope obama is not reelected . this country needs a new president .
keeping my fingers crossed for tomorrow praying hard
teachers , need last-minute election resources this week ? look no further
i wish st . patrick were around today to drive all the snakes out of my ncaa tournament bracket .
happy st .patrick's day !! delorentos - did we ever really try ?:
now : president obama delivers his victory speech in chicago
hahaah jk i can't go to sleep now .. obama is about to give a bomb ass speech .
happy st . patrick's day angeline !
happy st . patrick's day !have you been pinched ? ~xoxo
my st . patrick's day : babysitting , working , homework
best part about st patricks day is luck of the irish .
if romney win i'm going over seas with my father ! i can't deal ! i just might go to africa with my cousins ! lol
bush was able to stay in office for 8 years . obama deserves 4 more years in office .
he didn't know anybody who was running but he knew some of the cops who responded . for boston being such a big city it is also a small city
felt so much sadness with what happened to boston . that's too much :(
let the st . patricks day weekend festivities begin !
i hate st patrick's weekend .
obama's pic most retweeted ever : a moving photo posted by president barack obama on his twitter and facebook pag
news / obama's pic most retweeted ever
hey guys ! anybody been affected by hurricane sandy yet ? it's terrible . -tara
i'm good . was stuck in the house for the past few days cause of hurricane sandy . it was nice getting out today .
who are you voting for ? spills the beans on his pick -- and why :
if anybody asks , this is why i'm voting for barack obama . how about you ? -debra
honestly these sandy tweets are mad funny
cancelled class do to this bitch named sandy
don't get why people from the uk's happy about obama winning the american election . it's not like he's been elected o
did you know both mitt romney glenn beck are mormons ? glenn opens up about his faith
lol groove though , netherlandss and ireland all the wayyyy :)
spain vs . italy today ! come on spainnnnn !
tfw the paris review , an entity u love and adore , features an interview conducted by lena dunh 4 m ,
bataclan vows to reopen despite paris attacks ; suspected ringlea live :
happy st . patrick's day from sunset metal fab -
happy st . patrick's day penn state fans !
let's give everyone a hint oh who oh who will win the amerikan ? starts with a wall ends with a street .
let's give everyone a hint oh who oh who will win the amerikan ? starts with a wall ends wi
i wonder which person is gonna try and run for president against obama in 2016 ?
it felt good to wake up to my president still being black
i wish i could be 18 to vote for barack obama today
cheering for that barack obama has 4 more years so that it continues its work .important morning ;)
hurricane sandy need to help a nigga out and blow the damn school away !
any time , tommar ! stay safe from hurricane sandy !!
how is everyone in holding up after the storm ?
happy wednesday . if you were in the sandy storm did everything turn out alright ? if you were not in the sandy
this is wrong . the current death rate (in the largest ever outbreak of zaire ebola )is 61.5 %, not 90 % mt
if ebola disease was discovered 40 years ago , why hasn't a cure been discovered ? any peculiar reasons for this ?
the hijacker was arrested a few minutes . the remaining crew and passengers got out safely .
just in : man in custody after hijacking flight
shares the situation on the ground with after the . watch video :
thanks for helping these people .but for the grace of god ..
if anything , a reminder that democracy is a fluid thing .
john redman and want more and continued power for london .
my heart goes out to all those in brussels today
at least one person has been killed and several injured after two explosions at zaventem airport in brussels
happy st patrick's day - the cake looks great , but your present to your fans is better !
time to get jiggy with it . happy st . patrick's day !
just another rainy day . thank you sandy !
why sandy ! you naughty disaster ! *giggle*
brussels attack : an assault on liberty , tolerance and peace
siblings who lived in ny confirmed killed in brussels terror attacks | fox news insider
boston marathon so sad my thoughts go out to u all :(
very well said on about the boston marathon tragedy .
judging by the number of hours we have lived without power supply in india , we've spent half our life fighting the supers
check our fb page for info on class schedules and registration post-sandy . we are open tonight !
- refugee crisis escalates as migrants break through hungarian border - the -
i will , thanks . but my question was serious . i really wasn't sure , if this could be real . this is disgusting .
unicef says millions of children affected in nepal
| nepal quake affects almost one million children : unicef via
video : katrina mayor on what america has learned : the day after super-storm sandy hit the us east c via
video : katrina mayor on what america has learned : the day after super-storm sandy hit the us east coa (bbc news )
its st patricks day . go get so drunk that everyone looks irish . but also be safe .
another topical subject in the st patricks day parade in cahir , the pylon controversy courtesy of mattie mcgrath td
happy st patricks day !! friendly tip : wear green !!!
omg its st patricks day im wearing green woo
good morning , dance families and happy st .patrick's day !
st . patrick's day special : the science of pinching :
mitt romney should go on i'm a celebrity
it's snowing in new york today . you know what you call that ? snowbama day !
happy st patrick's day all xxox
good morning everyone ! happy st patrick's day to all .
st . patrick's day is birthday , but he blocked me .
us micks celebrate st . patricks day today
happy st .patricks day to all the irish likers out there !
happy st patrick's day ! hope you have a good one !
photo : moments after president obama's re-election was made official :
in the midst of all this talk there were hilarious conversations goin on in my newsfeed
i need a thunder buddy for sandy .
hurricane sandy is your typical privileged hurricane , not caring who or what she destroys .
ark . student describes close call in brussels in light of attacks
penn state and sju confirm students studying abroad are safe after brussels attacks
im not even american , but im glad obama got re-elected
still really happy obama is re-elected . and the obama family looked amazing !
let's pray for the victims and their families of the paris attack
, i am praying for the families in paris too !!!
happy st patricks day ! house
fiery ribbons ! it's st . patrick's day ! :)
tech wire : major 7.4 magnitude earthquake has struck nepal
major 7.4 magnitude earthquake has struck nepal : a major earthquake has struck eastern nepal just a
bcfd and city of baltimore prepare for hurricane sandy citizens urged to prepare now clean storm drains , gutters secu
let's all go dance in the hurricane this weekend !
that vs . game was epic , 3 -3 draw during the 2 nd half ? can't top the epicness of .
check out & lauran on street style congrats
miracle : 4 month old baby pulled out alive from nepal earthquake rubble : he was trapped in the rubble of his f
4 month old baby pulled out alive from nepal earthquake rubble : he was trapped in the
wearing my green long sleeve tee around for st . patricks day .. this one is risky because it has many offensive names on the back
st patrick's day :the annual re-inforcin ' o ' the stereotypes !
what when's saint patricks day
man i really want to turn up st . patrick's day
craziest thing man can do for love hijacke to send love letter to ex wife
hijacked egyptair jet lands in cyprus - wesh orlando - wesh orlando hijacked egyptair jet lands in cyprus wesh
happy st . patricks day everyone ! :) and well done ireland for the rugby . :)
happy st patricks day my fellow irish man :d!!
st . patrick's day , i'm getting wasted .
still not st patricks day go away
all cynicism aside i really liked obama's speech .
the news this morning is joyous . obama made me cry !
obama just gave the greatest speech ever !
obama just gave a trill ass speech
happy st . patrick's day horan family ! (: x
happy st patricks day to all u alcoholics and non alcoholics ;)
hey please stop profiting from human misery . out of manus and nauru .
hey - profiteering human misery isn't on . it's time to get out of manus and nauru
homework is getting in the way of my st . patricks day drinking
nearly over in this part of the world , but a happy st . patricks day to all !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0i4pe8bnye
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ukwj5mex5v
i'm horrified right now . today is a very terrible day for paris . how can human beings be behind all this ?
stay strong and safe as possible paris
at the epicentre of nepal's deadly earthquake : a first-person account
carmarthenshire climber escapes second nepal earthquake -
ireland are defending very badly indeed
mandzukic scores his second before everyone's back from their toilet breaks . 3 -1 to croatia .
happy st . patrick's day ! and yes i am part irish . w /my hubby
can't have st . patricks day without patrick :)
now - thousands flee typhoon hagupit
[bbc world ] thousands flee typhoon hagupit
wow ! i posted that and then deleted it , thinking maybe i was being a little over the top . bravo !
thank you for your reporting on what is still happening in .
thanks claire for telling our story
going to bed tonight praying for the leos in . let them come home to their families .
st . patricks day ! don't the irish be drunk
happy st patricks day from house of parliament with the london eye emerald green . how times changed
happy st . patrick's day ! but before you celebrate , do you know who st . patrick is ? via
happy st . patricks day to all fellow irish and those who want to be irish today !
really ? i never knew that . i never do research on obama .
mitt romney is either the anti-christ or either the head of the klu-klux-klan
patrick young looks like patrick willis but with a beard
i own no green .. sorry patrick
robert paisola news sandy leaves bahamas after killing 40 in caribbean : hurricane sandy rolled o world news zone
sandy leaves bahamas after killing 40 in caribbean : hurricane sandy rolled out of the bahamas on friday after causing 40 deaths acros
happy ! lucky for us , green is our favorite color !
watch : time-lapse of dyeing the chicago river green for st . patrick's day
watching fox because they support romney !
waiting for election results is like waiting for ball to drop on new years exciting ! racheal maddow hubba hubba my vote is in
to kill journalists can't stop freedom expressions
man hunt for attackers . believed to have switched cars and headed north out of paris .
happy st . patricks day to the in any .
another picture from saturday that jack doesn't remember taking .
alert : canadian parliament attacked , soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
video : canadian parliament 'in lockdown ' as soldier shot at war memorial ^dh
french students living in had harrowing evenings as they learned of the paris terror attack . by
tb joshua says he predicted the paris terrorist attack
ebola death in nigeria's largest city : a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's bigg vi
naija campus gossip ebola death in nigeria's largest city : a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's bi
arutz 7 : mastermind of paris attacks killed in raid : prosecutors confirm abdelhamid abaaoud was killed
mastermind of paris attacks killed in raid : prosecutors confirm abdelhamid abaaoud was killed
from one of them a very happy st patricks day to you as well gary
the way niall tweets emojis of clone leafs and violin and some beer bc its st patricks day makes me so happy
yes it funny and yet is not its about the hurricane
i hate hurricane and anytime of crazy disaster season like go away no one wants your hefty ass
if romney win .. we (blacks) should leave america
view from : making a case for romney (video)
another tragic day . paris in my thoughts .
photo : another tragic day . paris in my thoughts .
happy st . patrick's day from this irish girl ! enjoy a somewhat rainy day of green .
happy official saint patrick's day !
it actually takes a little more than luck to help keep the lights on . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day . thanks for wearing green today .
i'm sure has some really great st . patrick's day tunes .
great commercial for st . patrick's day !
crews to head east to help restore power after hurricane sandy
i wonder how bad hurrican sandy is gon be
six words that will change the future of and the uk
brb , going to try and change my country
lee wood hurricane sandy dispatch : the washington d .c. area prepares for the hit : old town alexandria , o
hurricane sandy dispatch : the washington d .c. area prepares for the hit
to what end will these actions stop ? my thoughts and prayers for brussels
it's fucking terrifying that these things keep on happening i'm so sorry for all the victims
missed st patrick's day last year not this time having a good time with the homies
this thursday !!!!!!! this poster is st . patrick version . ^^ c u
was incredible ! flew all the way to nyc for it and got stuck in the hurricane ! have you been to any of the european ones ?
i am happy and glad to be in the land of the living michel glad that my twin was not touched by hurricane
happy st . patrick's day , kansas city . make sure you're drinking green beer out of non-green bottles .
ny1 online : consultants grade de blasio's boycott of st . patrick's day parade
the first match greece vs . czech just started and the czech already scored a goal .
the czech goal scorer jiracek looks just like even the number is same .
st patrick's day marked with google doodle happy st patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish be upon you always .
aaaahhhhh it's st . patrick's day kiss me im irish !!!!!!!!!!!
pretty much explains the effects of the hurricane at
for all my friends that made red head jokes sandy is the payback haha
in wake of sandy , giants preparing for steelers (yahoo! sports ): east rutherford , n .j. (ap) -- instead of shoes
nfl updates in wake of sandy , giants preparing for steelers (yahoo! sports ) nfc afc college
happy st patricks day ! how ever you celebrate today , be safe
happy st . patrick's day ! love from malaysia :)
presidents st . patrick's day (via
why is st patrick's day a holiday in the us ? nobody knows what the meaning behind it is . people just want a reason to pinch other people .
there is similarity between mumbai 26 /11 and paris 14 /11: mumbai police - %ctags% -
it's sickening what's going on in paris
i feel one day you won't even be able to step outside of your house without getting shot , bombed or kidnapped .
leicester ? haha california is like 60362962027 km away from here haha cali ? pretty far from boston , right ?
'four more years :' president obama's tweet as final results come in on - new york daily news : vancouver sun
hotgirl 'four more years :' president obama's tweet as final results come in on - new york daily news livecam
dental practice news death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 -who
csusb health death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 -who
sxsw shady 2.0 showcase (video) via
see what's going on with sxsw tonight ..
sxsw 2012 kicks off with 'cabin in the woods ': on the south by southwest film festival red carpe
via : sxsw 2012 kicks off with 'cabin in the woods ': on the south by southwest film festival red carpet , jos
so brilliant that has come out of something so aweful . thinking of the families the people of sydney .
join sydney property news room
a lot of people are banking on netherlands to go far . marco van basten did a great job in the last euro . i'm not sure
richard kingston who do you think will star at the tournament ?
hurrican katrina ! hurricane irene now hurricane sandy ?! but what happened to hurricane cris tho ? aye bay bey
think bolton may be having a ripple effect today from sandy
soooo much food and soooooooo much alcohol for the tmrw but i have to work :(
i want a filled with ice cream .
president obama re-elected , i so thrilled
it wasn't even vote on black or white president obama's plan works if u break it downlet him do something after cl
little things is very comforting during this hurricane . i love love love nialls part
tweet said once she feel that wet wet from the water coming in from the hurricane she gonna wake up . lmao !
samantha pitchel : sxsw comedy recap : day 2 : the afternoon's live podcast recordings were amazing , and the best p
it really is amazing to see how far and mainstream twitter has become . so great to see !
you ppl give so much focus to paris attacks appreciate it ,but here chn is fully flooded n u hve no time to talk on it . tats bad !!!
paris terror attacks : who are the suspects ?
happy st .patricks day from brother
st patricks day is today i forgot
ft - ireland 1 -3 croatia , mandzukic '3 (cro), st ledger '19 (ire), jelavic '43 (cro).
ft : republic of ireland 1 croatia 3 - as it happened
wait is it seriously st . patrick's day today ??
i wish i was spending my st . patrick's day getting wasted
this shows your weakness ! the eu needs uk contributions , our services are suffering cuts to pay for the eu !
dont miss my look at the news of the week with on after 9.00 am . we are discussing , cost of love more !
indonesia offers us $1 million in aid , to send rescue team to nepal : as a country prone to natural disasters su
indonesia offers us $1 million in aid , to send rescue team to nepal
live from sxsw via [listen in .]
we have 6 artists live tweeting events the next 2 days !
st patrick's day at the outlet , banbridge : via
oh , didnt know today was st .patrick's day ! no on me but i got dat on me
you want to donate , protest , or give your signatures to the people of ? here's a resource list :
people of keep the talcidman close to you ! ;)
world - u .s. helicopter destroyed , no survivors : nepal defense ministry
qui radio londra : u .s. helicopter destroyed , no survivors : nepal defense ministry
has geraldo even watched bret's report ? how can he be so wrong ? he sees things thru obama-colored glasses-i worry for foxlatinonews
obama swots flies and dances on chat shows , in what world does that make you second best to a retarded republican mugwuffin
'loathes made-for-the-moment political gestures .' are you kidding . this president seeks out photo ops .
after the millions of dollars they have made obama is following johnson's military blunders of micro managing
got all dressed up for st patricks day today at work ! :-)
when my little sister ask me what i do for st .patrick's day
news of the world ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) -
csusb health ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister
sick over the news on . at a loss for words have no understanding as to why . disturbed sad for the families of the victims .
everything you want to know about the co-pilot who 'deliberately' crashed the germanwings plane -
i feel like were not gunna do any work everyones gunna talk about sandy lmfaoo
i was hoping sandy came back
have a lovely day and happy st patrick's day :) xx
thats enough of me being a killjoy , happy st patricks day etc etc
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qzkyyvcrk3
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/g8ch2e0rkp
top doctor in sierra leone dies from ebola after treating dozens
top doctor treating ebola in sierra leone dies of disease
friend : why aren't you wearing green for st .patrick day ?me:
not wearing green today but happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks day - luck of the irish to you all :-)
happy st . patrick's day ! give it up for all the marching in parades today !
full moon + st . patrick's day = all the crazies came out to target tonight !
i am so excited for st .patrick's day i don't think anyone understands :))))))))
happy st . patrick's day ! -braden
from 1 colleen to many others and boyeens too ! happy st . patrick's day ! :d
jang jae in stuck in new york because of hurricane sandy : singer jang jae in is stuck in new york because
jang jae in stuck in new york because of hurricane sandy : singer jang jae in is stuck in new york because of hur
happy st . patrick's day ! only 9 days until spring ball .
happy st .patricks day to an irish baby hope you're having fun 3
it's st . patricks dayyyyy i just want to drinkkkkkkkk .
ok , so some of you may have overdone it last night celebrating st patricks day in . i sure saw a few
happy st . patrick's day ! what better
st patrick's day traditions are complicated
happy saint patrick's day to church musicians everywhere !
happy saint patrick's day everyone !! may the road rise up to meet you .
happy st . patrick's day ! come out to our stand-up show in and watch me go bragh !
show everyone how you do with happy st . patricks day
hybrid of sandy , winter storm threatens east coast : keyc - mankato news , weather , sports -hybrid of sandy , winte
apparently sandy will be tearin ' it up tomorrow :p
happy st . patrick's day ! a little from galicia !
happy st . patricks day from starbucks el
two survivors pulled from rubble 5 days after nepal quake : u .n. launches a $415 million emergency appea (usto)
: two survivors pulled from rubble 5 days after nepal quake : u .n. launches a $415 mill via
happy st patrick's day glasgow . are you doing anything special to celebrate ?
happy st . patrick's day i'm dead bye
this just arrived in the mail . happy st patrick's day to me ! thanks :-)
happy st . patrick's day ! pot o ' gas
paris terror attack - over 140 killed and 100 injured
heart's going out to everyone in paris
watching the news . horrendous . please god no more bombs . stay safe america
tuesday morning still there aren't words
the dutch huff and they puff but they could not blow the danish house down .
thy officials are there to officiate , not stand around looking pretty
kbitch . if you don't stfu i will throw you across your room harder then sandy flung open your door k ?
sandy is a basic bitch . just stop it sandy youre pissing everyone off youre not funny .
2012 just became tougher for andy reid .
anyone else notice the people controlling the game clock at the end weren't stopping it properly on last drive ?
us beyhive ! you have the wonderful right to vote . so go out and vote for the best man . *cough* president obama *cough* again ;)
apparently , i'm supposed to be more angry with what romney does with his money , than what obama does with mine
sade vare tay tade vareone kithay hain saday
rt sade vare tay tade vareone kithay hain saday
i hope everyone is okay and my prayers goes to those in paris .stay safe
been a rougher day in paris anyways ..,
update : airports across us to enforce tighter security checks after terror attack
fight hate with beer . the belgian way , quoi .
van persie will still be in the premiership next season !
everybody's talking about van persiehe had one good season (last season ) for injury and other reasons ! not surprised right now !
f *ck the ! i promise im not watching that shit ! one f *cking game away an amazing season ! why do i have to l
i honestly just want to watch the game now tho -.-
obviously no cops will come bc it's a hurricane
us markets shut on tuesday , focus shifts to wednesday : hurricane sandy will close us stock markets for a second
hurricane sandy lashes bahamas with wind and rain : hurricane sandy lashed the central baham
check this out : hurricane sandy lashes bahamas with wind and rain [a link in my bio ]
prayers are still going out to the people of boston
thoughts and prayers to all those affected by the tragic events in boston today 3
what's the price on our head ? what are each of our lives worth right now ?#justiceformikebrown
their way of life is slipping thru thr fingers
lmao patrick go bother sandy
unimpressed . twitter troll who posted fake sandy news apologizes to internet
we are ready for st . patrick's day .. good to know : according to legend , saint patrick used the three-leaved
get your dancing shoes on ! if you want to throw the st . patricks day party of the century , this is the drink to serve . this low calorie ,
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3tqu64wppk
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nw6fwvzvup
officially declaring it st .patricks day right now ..
monday the 17 th is st . patrick's day !!! :d
in nepal , top un official warns clock is ticking for earthquake relief efforts : the global huma
what's on in the un ? in nepal , top un official warns clock is ticking for earthquake relief efforts
happy st . patricks day !! we're back to regularly scheduled classes today !
hello to new followers happy st . patrick's day !
pray for boston wtf guys also pray for afghanistan i see no one tweeting about soldiers dying and bombs going off
our thoughts and prayers go out to the victim of boston .
praying for everyone in brussels after this morning's terrible attacks !
my friend's currently at an airport waiting for her flight to new york :/ and brussels is so close
happy st . patrick's day !i haven't danced irish dance since my early 20 's, but here's a look at me today :
st . patrick selfie ! :) love my daddy ! xx
sydney , you have made a nation proud . well done .
slash feat . myles kennedy the conspirators - live sydney saul hudson (:
but what are you going to do ? vote romney ?
fuck you black people an your food stamps did ya not know tht the jewish fam is rich i'm voting for romney lmao
always looking up in hong kong .
it's not you , it's me . chai , hong kong
i'm not irish , i don't do green on st . patrick's day
we're thinking green today ! happy st . patrick's day !
st . patrick day tomorrow i almost forgot
i bought green and white flowers and ate beef stew in preparation for st . patrick's day tomorrow .
happy st patrick's day my lovely .baked it myself :)
i am lol happy st . patrick's day to us
the glenn beck program beck blitz : terror in paris
due to tragic attacks in , had to shut down before the planned ending !
what are you drink--i mean , what are you reading this st . patrick's day ?
4 ways to make your st . patrick's day really
cant wait for euro cup to start
can't wait for euro cup friday !
happy st . patrick's day ! hope everyone enjoyed the parade festivities .and behaved themselves !
happy st . patrick's day to all of you from all of us at savannah to go . we hope you have a fun day out there .
vice news - germanwings co-pilot appears to have deliberately crashed plane , according to french prosecutor : t
germanwings co-pilot appears to have deliberately crashed plane , according to french prosecutor : the prosecuto
prayers go out to boston and all the people and families affected by it
watching the news before i go to school wow every news channel is talkin about boston , :(
st patrick's day using and dollish polish .
so much for going to beantown for st . patrick's day
imagine how horrible it would be to be in boston right now
my thoughts are with boston horrible world we live in
looks like you're all set ! happy st . patrick's day !
yo it's st . patrick's day . where is my stuff ?!?!?!??
presidential campaigns to suspend emails to voters in path of hurricane sandy
i could've sworn that pg county wasn't having school tomorrow way before hurricane dandy came in the picture .
michelle obama is here in charlotte speaking obama
you live in ohio please vote for obama go vote today !!!!!!!
happy st . patrick's day . get your green on at and be sure to wear green !
we're open bringing on the green beer ! happy st patrick's day !
wondering what is planned if anticipated power outages from hurricane overlap the nov 6 th election ?
hurricane sandy is coming or clint eastwood is pissed at my chair .
arrested in st . louis city , not m holocaust survivor arrested in protest
since you can't take it . go to to protest the protestors ! have fun !
abc - csiro researchers use ferrets in search for ebola cure
researchers use ferrets in search for ebola cure (via
also , happy st patrick's day . i quite like sharing his day , except that it's always in lent .
fagal 333 it's st patrick's day tomorrow you down bae
ending my busy st . patrick's day with some of nana's famous boiled dinner !
my parents used to beat us with salad utensils . happy st . patrick's day .
hurricane sandy is already on the way o .oyeah im scared ashit :o d :
sandy gone to try and shut them down too .
i'm almost more excited for the commercials than the
looking forward to the commercial tonight . movie sequel actually looks pretty
[rww] nyc websites running on fumes in wake of superstorm sandy
news nyc websites running on fumes in wake of superstorm sandy : in the age of cloud computing , it's an arc media
its always the 'boring on paper ' games that throw up all the drama
karagounis , the greek captain , looks like an elf
(japantimes) japanese man seriously hurt , another slightly in ; firms step up security , curb ..
sad news about brussels . rip to those that sadly lost their lives .
unlike st . patrick , i will drive my snake into you !
good night my angels !! happy st patrick's night 3 ~ angelina ;)
nepal cremates hundreds of unknown quake victims
^ms how you can help nepal earthquake victims from your computer
g + american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola - abc news
google news : american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola - wlos
come on sweden ! not the same without freddie , but still
sweden vs ukraine kicks-off . who do you think will win this one ?
forgive him . he got the love bug in his brain activated .
selfie with a hijacker !!!!!!thats a new ..err. low
the western stance is clear . insult the enemy china support the rigged , sold us puppet ,our pm .
leaders of pro-democracy student group in postponed talks with gov't after demonstrators were involved in scuffles with opponents
cnn money news - sandy's small business victims : we don't want loans !
sandy's small business victims : we don't want loans !: read full story for latest details . cc
it's st . patrick's day in australia . good enough for me .
when the saint patrick's day parade is on yes it is to me
italy to win . i'm not really getting the spanish line-up
spain-italy -- this is gonna be a tough game cause i love both of them :p
paris terrorist attacks kill over 100 , plus wounded and hostages wake up america
our hearts go out to all the victims in paris .
god bless everyone in the path of hurricane sandy :(
swear to god , this hurricane is keeping everyone up tonight .. lmao
chris mathews just blamed the boston bombings on right wing terrorists . way to jump the gun and show your bias all in one statement .
my thoughts go out to boston and all the people hurt and the people who've passed 3
understand rss working in nepal and would like to donate for relief and rehab works of yours how can i contribute financially ?
a friend in need : china , india turn on aid diplomacy in nepal : at a 12 -bed hospital deep in nepal's himalayan
please can some 1 show me any attack on a muslim in the uk since paris attacks ? stop with this bollox of a backlash
most paris attackers were french nationals . they wouldn't even need a visa to visit the us . refugees go through a 2 year process .
new blog post counting the cost of hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy damage estimates in the billions of dollars ,
counting the cost of hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy damage estimates in the billions of dollars , as alis
thoughts and prayers go out to all of those extremely affected by this hurricane
lol and the breakfast club are on the radio during the hurricane haha g shit fck the competition !
shiiit is for reallincase if sandy comes backi'm all sett with
i used to hate the fat boy buy i .have to admit he is v doing the best he can with the hurricane aftermath
two explosions rock boston marathon .
there are some seriously cruel and horrible people in this world . my heart goes out to all those affected in boston today .
a key similarity between leak and : scandal is whats been legalized
ya check here for late ex-pres mirghani his $2.72 million in the virgin islands :
lmao that's the only good thing about st . patricks .
it's st . patrick's day and i'm wearing all navy and grey
some people are really getting into character for st . patrick's day
idc for st . patricks day tbh
happy st . patrick's day friends . have a great day .
happy st patrick's day for all you sloths of irish origin x
as a man says a final goodbye to his martyred wife amp ; baby son !
excuse for killing kids - uses them as human shields - has been proven wrong . it bombed 4 kids on a beach .
our thoughts are with france and paris after the saddening events . we all stand strong together in such defiance
would be nice if have something in place tonight as a mark of respect to those who have lost their lives in paris
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines mashable
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines typhoon hagupit continued batteri
via crowd of 70 k for john kerry bruce in 2004 // by comparison today obama ends w / a whimper
everybody put obama and his family and yours , in your prayers .
what's up st . patricks day ?
offline for work . happy st . patrick's day !!
what does actual st patrick's day mean for you , though ?
they really are and speaking of which happy st patrick's day !!!
what a goal man ..!! by jordi alba .. just awsum .
what a goal ! jordi alba has had some tournament
retweet if your watching germany vs italy
can't wait to watch the germany vs . italy game
happy st patricks day , hope the guinness is flowing , where ever you are .:)
happy st . patrick's day !!! what's everyone up to tonight !?
~schep happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day and can now celebrate with my fellow countrymen !!
if you are tweeting like you don't know the is not going on , could you try to be more creative .
some of these new movies coming out look scary .
i think this poland vs russia game could be one of the tournament's best . lots of attacking talent on show and potential for goals
poland hooligans attack russian fans (video)
happy st patricks day to everyone around the world , especially those of you who support aston villa .
no bother guessed that , happy st patricks day , have a good one :)
st patrick's day selfie , brilliant !
headin to st patrick's day party
happy 'st. patrick's day'enjoyindulgecelebratebut , be mindful , there is always the day after the
happy st patrick's day . how's your day going
r new york : nyc's entertainment industry finally getting back on track after sandy
new york : nyc's entertainment industry finally getting back on track after sandy : thanks to the shut down of ma
cntravel u .s. transit systems struggle to restart after sandy : superstorm sandy has weakened , yet its presence w
u .s. transit systems struggle to restart after sandy : superstorm sandy has weakened , yet its presence wi
andrea pirlo great free kick , italy 1 -0 croatia
when i seen pirlo step-up i said to my self this is 1 -0 italy .
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients in l '
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients in libe
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has is via
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued m .o.b
that's what i'm talking about england !!!!!! keep it up lads
that's what am talking about .. come on england !!!!!
happy st . patrick's day niall ! have a nice one !
happy st . patrick's day lovers !
btw , sandy did some big time mess on some parts of the us . how are you there ?
parking lot full of cabs flooded .
african states agree ebola strategy - health ministers from 11 west african states agree a common strat
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agre
this election cost usa'ers 6 bill (cnn) we don't have to spend .sandy just spent 10 bill (cnn) we don't have .who is our accountant ? your fired !!
after 2 years off giving me hell opened my wife's eyes to the importance of
my heart is with heavy . i stand with the people of paris .
keep paris in your thoughts . friends in paris , stay safe please
watching the news about the hurricane , you all remain safe , please !
watching the news waiting for hurricane sandy !
i liked a video hurricane sandy : storm intensifies , threatens nuclear plants , 5 states declare state
i favorited a video hurricane sandy : storm intensifies , threatens nuclear plants , 5 states declare
hoping to get tickets to jay-z tomorrow morning
youll find me here in 7 days , stalkers -
st patrick drove snakes out of ireland during some kind of snake swarm . i'm listening ! hook me with a prize .
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i love you !
hurricane sandy gettin over here n shit hell naw .
katrina sandy you think them bitches know each other ? lol .
watch : investigation into brussels attacks continues
watch : investigation into brussels attacks continue
please donate to nepal here , you may never have been there , but if you like the outdoors it has inspired you .
dot earth | dire prospects seen when the full nepal earthquake death toll is - new york times (blog)
it's been a fun morning hasn't it , twitter ?! anyway , i can't believe parker and gerrard are both injured !
england players play some head tennis
well it's saint patrick's day and i'm not wearing any green . oh well at least my nails are festive . lol
thierry mugler wishes you a happy saint patrick's day !
it's not a normal gif . but it's absolutely exact moment .
the rich get richer while the poor get poorer
striking photo of 92 8 th avenue b /w 14 th and 15 th streets where a building facade collapsed . (via
video : hurricane sandy from space (by captain tarek )
how gorgeous ! sorry david villa you've been replaced . eyecandy for
the itv set looks great , but one of these days the waiter is going to tell them their table is ready right in the middle of a link
8 am sandy advisory - still 75 mph storm , landfall as early as monday pm , major storm for northeast ; wind , surge , flooding
guessing the guy couldn't wait for the big hurricane - so decided to make his own small little one
hi thank u for following me happy st patricks day
happy st patrick's day no one !
going to be hungover after sunday . monday classes should be cancelled .
can't wait for the to see da patriots !!
bbc news - germanwings plane crash : pilot 'locked out of cockpit ' just awful .
germanwings plane crash : pilot 'locked out of cockpit'how odd .
well , ottawa wasn't a mass shooting . the gunman shot one person before he was taken down
creationism : shooting and arrow then painting the target around it .
all thoughts and prayers go to those affected by the boston explosions .
3 dead in boston , pray for boston pray for boston .. 120000 dead in syria , no one gives a f *ck what a f *cked up world .
happy st . patricks day to one of my favourite irishmen :)
happy st . patrick's day ! may the luck o ' the irish be with you today and everyday !
one of my best day of the year happy st . patrick day !
happy st . patricks day ! hopefully your all wearing some sort of green !
! andell suggesting brown was fleeing completely falls apart as evidence already shows .
getting windy ! storms are brewing in where there is no justice , there is no peace !
blog update for the morning after st patrick's day .
st . patrick's day : just another way americans try to earn the ire of europeans everywhere .
please help support obama 2012 get the vote out !, add a now !
so what if i did your voting for obama im not calling you names
paris attacks likely cost $10,000 or less : u .s. officials say the ak -47s would have been the ter
paris attacks likely cost $10,000 or less : u .s. officials say the ak -47s would have been t (via
celebrate like a local with us tonight at nairobi aksum bar
working in nyc on saint patricks day
boing boing : how victoria's secret saved the national guard from hurricane sandy : why do we love noah shachtman
how victoria's secret saved the national guard from hurricane sandy : why do we love noah shachtman
brooklyn waterfront as hurricane sandy approaches
yo hurricane sandy back that ass up and head over to gaza .
n .y./region: red hook , brooklyn , after sandy
that's great . you keep taking about . we'll just be losing everything we have in . no big deal , brah .
why is obama making a statement ? the incident /s in paris aren't even over !
just saw news on paris stay safe , everyone ;((
photo gallery of hurricane sandy . stay safe .
i bet everyone that says 'praying for victims of hurricane sandy ' are not even praying
happy st . patricks day yeorrrr up the dubz up the irish xoxo
happy st patricks day brother !!! and to all my other irish brethren
cmon the dutch ! think its only a matter of time till rvp scores
van persie is having a shocker . where was this form in the spurs - arsenal game ?
millions brace for hit from hurricane sandy : experts predict hurricane sandy will cause more damage to eas
millions brace for hit from hurricane sandy : experts predict hurricane sandy will cause more damage to east coas
craig ferguson deserves props for how he handles disasters like boston .
we are so relieved that petfocus veterinarian , dr . don rushton , is safe in boston after completing the marathon
germanwings flight 9525 : what were the cockpit security protocols ? - cnn : cnngermanwings
germanwings flight 9525 : what were the cockpit security protocols ? - cnn : cnngermanwings flight 9525 : what were the cockpit security
st-patrick's day is over , so is the sunny week-end so whats next to look forward too ? well better stay tuned and keep your 6 th of april free
now that st . patrick's day is over , it's all treats on pinterest today !
would you like to donate for nepal ?
you should really promote donating to nepal using pingit , i bet 1000 s more customers would donate if they knew how easy it is
via hurricane sandy ~ledyard, ct
hurricane sandy ~ledyard, ct via
why paris ? why do it ? why ? why ? why ? why ?
a friend's daughter in the paris neighborhood at her hotel , hearing shooting inside the hotel .
i had a dream the lock button on my iphone started working why aren't my dreams like that kia commercial ?
and who wrote art finds out abt mancave contest those ers who trusted well ..
yummm i wanted one of these !! kids scooped em up too quickly . :( belmont school gr 1 bake sale for nepal .
do your nepal stuff fighting the school is ridiculous . comeon man
coast guard aids sandy victims on eastern seaboard - department of defense
such a sad sight this afternoon driving nearby :( devastation .
water , food , tents , mobile latrine and sanitary services required for nepalese who are living under sky from last 20 hours
indian leaders express grief over quake tragedy in nepal
couple speaks out after paris honeymoon ended in night of terror : two bay area newly
couple speaks out after paris honeymoon ended in night of terror : two bay area newlyweds returned from paris a
finna bet all my cash on obama tommorow u see me getting paper niggagetting full on wingstop and crab meats
this is my first time voting and as a first time voter i'm going to make a difference so thats why i'm voting !!!
wait . has mitt been crying ?!
one thing we can all agree on : paul ryan still has fabulous biceps .
my moms getting mad at me cause i keep saying obama won xd
obama already won .. there's nothing you can do about it so why complain ?
like seriously ..paris tt ^tt
those responsible for the killings in paris last night are , first and foremost , murderers . not militants , martyrs or muslim . just murderers .
can you please tell sandy that i said hi ?
all those in way of sandy be well !
a twist for paris climate talks : the optimist
paris , we are on our way 3 le trabendo - doors 18.30 ce soir
germanwings crash : who was andreas lubitz ?: who was andreas lubitz , the co-pil
: germanwings crash : who was andreas lubitz ?: who was andreas lubitz , the co-pilot of via
amateur radio in play in aftermath of nepal earthquake : at least one hf net is reported to be handling bit .ly
amateur radio in play in aftermath of nepal earthquake : at least one hf net is reported to be
if romney wins the i'm going to die
florida , make up your mind !!
traumcenter .de exclusive : at the epicenter of nepal quake : cnn's senior international correspo 004917641659029
exclusive : at the epicenter of nepal quake : cnn's senior international correspondent arwa damon explains
rocks ! that half time show kick ass ! thanks madonna for showing us what a show actually is .
that half time show just showed madonna's age .
what a fuckin game . thats why i love
feel sad for my ne twitter friends and good for my nyg friendsbeing an independant in it all , i am glad it was a good game
sheff uni student only returned from nepal three weeks ago , and has set up an appeal to help those affected by the earthquake .
this is heartbreaking ! let's support people in nepal ! you can make donations on
great to having so much fun during if you haven't had one of the best milkshakes in austin yet go today !
kill sxsw brothers -- you already know
take me to nyc then ( not now because hurricane sandy ) and ikr
looking at pictures of hurricane sandy . really puts things into perspective
o ' schloegels wishes you a happy st patrick's day !
when someone wishes me happy st patricks day
lol when my cousin sandy asks how the storm was ..
in this moment i pray for the victims of hurricane sandy and am glad i have a president who we can trust in emergencies .
who actually gets to decide hurricane names ?
we hope all of our northeast fans stay safe for the hurricane . make sure to add lic atlantic city tickets to your hurricane survival kit ;)
please understand that the looting happening right now in is not about
i hope these preachers don't feel like i'm going in , but as real black leaders , it's time for them to make this stop .
if you want to unfollow me because i'm tweeting about , so be it - but your city is next . you know that , right ?
and of course would _have_ to be in my home state :-(
its snowing because obama is president
the word of the day is 'obama' and an example of how it's used is 'i just made things happen obama-self '
atleast she has a green skirt ! whipped it up last night . happy st . patrick's day !
don't pinch ! you can't see my green cuz its all in my lungs ! happy st . patrick's day !!!
i hope everyone is okay in sydney :( -t
one terrorist has taken some cafe into a siegein australian since 9 :00am sydney time its now around 1 am at
happy st patricks day everyone , be sure and like our facebook page for all things
i liked a video from happy st . patricks day 2014
: nepal's home ministry raises the death toll from the latest earthquake to at least 36 . per
just in : (ap) nepal's home ministry raises the death toll from the latest earthquake to at least 36
ht : russia 2 -0 czech republic (alan dzagoev 15 ', roman shirokov 24 ')
russia looking good so far . top team in group .
boston i can only help with prayer
maybe it's for the boston marathon people .! suppose to wear red today !!
is today st . patricks day ? o ;
i legitimately thought st . patricks day was last friday .
i'm gonna be at the rodeo see cute boys there it's st . patrick's day sooooo kiss me i'm not irish
bluedude sportstalk : power rankings st . patrick's day editionled by
today show made al stand in a hurrican so they could show a weather map . i don't care what a hurricane sounds like
hurricane hint number 1 : keep your smartphone dry and get some great pictures by putting it in a ziplock bag .
miroslav klose about to come on with i would think mario gomez coming off . the change is imminent .
do you have a stat for how many times mario gomez has touched the ball in this game ?!
( ) 'hero' doctor battling ebola spotlights selflessness during outbreak : the news that a doctor l
'hero' doctor battling ebola spotlights selflessness during outbreak : the news that a doctor leading the fight against ebola in sierr
candidates ' final pitches : obama and romney are spending the final hours before the election in key
candidates ' final pitches : obama and romney are spending the final hours before the election in key - cnn
//happy st patricks day hell bells !
hey ! happy st patricks day !!! hope u had a good day !!
happy st . patrick's day harry ! love you 3 :)
happy st patrick's day from everyone higgins homes !
officials criticized over aid distribution : many in remote areas of nepal
cnn - officials criticized over aid distribution : many in remote areas of nepal are still not getting aid quic
cleanup begins in parts of philippines as typhoon hagupit heads northwest : public-works crews and soldiers beg
cleanup begins in parts of philippines as typhoon hagupit heads northwest : sheltering from typhoon hagupit , ch
stephen harper to speak on ottawa shooting : prime minister stephen harper is set to address the natio
stephen harper to speak on ottawa shooting : prime minister stephen harper is set to address the nati _aizeecom
it literally looks like hurricane sandy just went through my room
aye guys you should ask me stuff because im :) gonna :) die : ) from :) this :) hurricane :)
we raise our pencils in support of those who had guns raised against them .
french seek attackers as thousands attend vigil
very accurate : whedon on romney : via
do people not understand that romney is literally taking away the rights of anyone that isnt a rich white man
why my cousin ask me what's obama last name . i'm done
latest 538 forecast has president obama with a ~97% chance to win nv , a ~94% chance to win wi and a ~92% chance to win oh . at ~92% overall .
you're not 5, so make the effort to understand what the are really about . don't infantilise yourself .
tax fraud scandal : 18 africans listed
sarah if obama loses the election can i move to canada with you ? -lupe
if people under 18 could vote , obama would have this election in his hands !
who would have thought the best way for a new yorker to avoid a hurricane would be to head down to florida .
well , may lose power this week =_= thanks to sandy !.
twitter surge for after striker shaves his head writes
wish i could do the job goughy and adrian durham dotravelling round europe for
right , rant over - now back to olympics and then later . but always always always ;
lol ,stop supporting loosing teams !
hello , i'm sandy , and i'm hereeeeee
our intrepid american ed's on the ground account of when sandy hit nyc
france letted murders to their country expected that they can be cultural enrichment .
hello can we pls do an interview with you on ?
kelly : spain reaches euro final , but anti-fan club growing -
come on italy !!! about to take down the germans and reach the final !
[ engadget ] miselu neiro android-powered synth hands-on at sxsw (video)
geek alert ! miselu neiro android-powered synth hands-on at sxsw (video)
i fly home on tuesday . fingers crossed it won't be in hurricane force winds
can the hurricane hit us ? no school would be nice .
aamiin god has told us and promise islam will be win in the right time under the right leader and the best army
the arab world right now as is being bombarded -
congrats to syracuse alum tom coughlin on his second super bowl win
go giants ! congratulations on a great win !
newsinsg : saf evacuates singaporeans from nepal : singapore - a total of 89 singaporeans and singapo
saf evacuates singaporeans from nepal : singapore - a total of 89 singaporeans and singapore permanent resident
acting class canceled for a 'hurricane break ' this might be the only good thing
an update from partners in health about hurricane sandy's impact in haiti .
all the other hurricane's where bitches , this one is too !
am i the first person ever to call a a bitch ? is a bitch .
happy st . patrick's day from the pam people !
happy st . patricks day from mickey mouse and all his pals
dtn italy : obama won against populism and for jobs says bersani : win will boost us-european efforts to stoke gro
ansa .it: obama won against populism and for jobs says bersani : win will boost us-european efforts to
don't kno why every ones giving this sandy prop . when y'all kno damn well the gov set this storm up .
fuck storm sandy i'm not trying to stay in the house
a hard reality of romney's loss : demographic change : yes , the electorate's demographics are
a hard reality of romney's loss : demographic change : yes , the electorate's demographics are changing , but conser
happy st . patrick's day to you and your pops !
st . patrick's day is the stupidest holiday of them all .
the dutch playing poorly here but is different gear , that ball to hunntelaar was genius . going to struggle now
the first big shock of is denmark beating holland , to be fair denmark are playing well , but were is the finishing gone rvp ?
i have to say this is the first time im watching in hodgson era . have to say they look quite hungry .
hiya guy's all watching the football v france ?
and we're off through-the-night results coverage just starting on
polls closed . turnout could hit close to 90 % and now we wait
happy st patricks day peeps . hope you all have a good one :)
top o ' rhe morning to y'all and happy st . patrick's day ! have a grand one ;-)
news update : several dead and wounded in brussels airpo //t.co/49d30wimmx
news update : several dead and wounded in brussels airpo //t.co/vxcrrctyyy
giants 9, patriots 0 . end 1 st qtr .
quarter time in indy , the giants lead 9 -0, but the pats are attacking hard for the first time now
i feel like i should go out on st patricks day but i also don't want to
i'm going to savannah next year for st . patricks day . who's coming with ?
so sad to hear that it was the co-pilot who deliberately crashed the germanwings plane !
how can they say it's not terrorism . if a co-pilot deliberately crashes a plane full of people , then it's terrorism
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fjqgc9bzub
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/i3tvqygq3m
photos : millions cope with no power from superstorm sandy : from waiting in never-ending lines for gas to staying
nj in shock as superstorm sandy hits .
you know what bro i'm genuinely supporting to win srna , modric , kranjar ! bummed that olic is injured .
darn i wanted portugal to win but sadly lost . it was a good game though , germany played well :) tomorrow spain :)
rare gk sub for : injured chalkias replaced by safikis
well didn't the ref look a complete knob ! ha
news pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash : source
pilot locked out of cockpit before crash in bed
happy st .patrick's day to you too sweetie ! which about you ? do you have any plans to drink or something ? :)
happy st . patrick's day my loves . love you xoxo
hopefully priorities are shifting and conversations r becoming more viral than
everyone should be paying attention to what's happening in
moral of the story is no matter where you go on st . patrick's day you will be freezing
st . patricks day aaaand i live right across the street from a clancys
happy st . patrick's day from our clan to yours !
happy st . patricks day , i found something perfect to celebrate !
top tips to survive st patrick's day - via
anyway , i do have an awesome story to tell , which i do on this day , as it happened on st patrick's day
happy st patrick's day ! oh what ? it's not until tomorrow ? damn screwed up again !
very cold at the st patrick's day parade in buffalo today , but i'm l glad i walked . great time
german prosecutors confirm the presence of only one person in the cabin ..
social media news pilot was locked out of cockpit when germanwings flight crashed , reports say : one of the two
happy st . patrick's day ! with a 30 -day money back guarantee , you've got nothing to lose but a few extra pounds
what no questions re st patricks's day - shame to be shure
our thoughts go out to everyone who ahs been affected by hurricane sandy . stay strong , east coast .
still spinning like a - hasnt quite made it to missouri like i thought it would
: : ebola deaths in west africa surge to 467
scary stuff ---- who : ebola deaths in west africa surge to 467
the biggest concern with the hurricane isn't how much damage its going to cause , but how we are going to light our joints
thanks to the hurricane , i have no power and virtually no service . so i won't be able to post updates or answer
very sad news from limerick . rip joe .
creating environment verus creating the jobs . semantics matter .
i keep saying 'halloween' instead of 'hurricane' in my head .
my dad bought a lot for the hurricane .5 things ..dont judge me
my romney signs staying up for the next four years !
obama got ohio let it go ! dang !
what exactly happened in the bataclan . devastating detail . strong reporting from
afghan taliban approve of paris terror attacks
iniesta named best player of via uefa app
lesson from las night's final , never follow history , make a new one
do you give a shit about paris orrrrr ?
spilling innocent blood follows no religion i've ever heard of
social business insights : last week in social business more from
social business insights : last week in social business more cc :
czech showing greece whats up ! 2 -0 in first 6 minutes !
greece needs another bail out being 2 -0 down after 7 minutes in
is there anyone lucinda wouldn't stab in the back in order to control women's wombs ?
noonan : there are risks , there are always risks . life is a risk .
if u don't vote and romney wins its your fault
obama will start ww3 and niggas dont realize that . im not voting . cause romney is just as bad
happy st . patricks day from desert foot surgeons phoenix arizona
celebrate st patrick's day the food optimising way with this irish beef and guinness casserole
amazing how quickly obama has no chance went to obama has no mandate .
you see who d real man came out on top obama
body of ebola victim cremated in lagos : the body of the first victim of ebola virus dis
body of ebola victim cremated in lagos : the body of the first victim of ebola virus disea ( via )
thanks sandy ! power is back on my cable /internet keeps going in out .
you may want to stay away from lagos ' coastal areas commissioner says we may feel the after effects of sandy
see us sun at 11 : are we killing social with social ?
ima sing background with u at sxsw !!! got my robe and lime green gators ready
toi - evacuations , market shutdowns as americans brace for sandy storm : new york city and washington dc have shut
evacuations , market shutdowns as americans brace for sandy storm : new york city and washington dc have shut down
happy st . patricks day spring in a few days !
happy st . patricks day beer
- this was our day yesterday . has led to .
[home edition ] photo map of the storm surge yesterday throughout the coast [missing anything ?]
home in time to watch :) ukr vs swe (ukraine looking good )
photo : home in time to watch :) ukr vs swe (ukraine looking good ) (taken with instagram )
thoughts to those who are affected by the germanwings crash in the french alps
the route of the germanwings airbus a320 which crashed in the french alps :
things are getting hot on patricks st
happy st . patrick's day ! listen to classical 101 throughout the day for a selection of irish music .
column a catalyst for debate on race and politics : exploration of gop rhetoric about obama provokes allegations of reverse racism , wh
column a catalyst for debate on race and politics : exploration of gop rhetoric about obama provokes allegations
n the wake of hurricane sandy , mayor michael bloomberg has announced the 2012 new york city marathon will proceed as scheduled on sunday
still no power here because of hurricane sandy
thank god we still have hart
save ! hart gets down to make save from benzema's shot from long range . well struck . 1 -1.
hurricane sandy forces postponement of baltimore-area high school athletic - baltimore sun :
what fucking hurricane sandy are about ? semak tl je
please vote #1 for of the on friday , he tells you why in this 1 minute video
please vote #1 for of the in on friday , she tells you why in this 1 minute video
after sandy : why we need to prepare for a warmer world
sandy rainfall challenges 40 -year-old record
very sad to see the islamophobia occurring in the u .s. since the paris attacks . even worse it's now affecting the syrian refugees
coming from the chaos of paris to the peace of belfast (bono)
so thankful that the good lord watched over my friends who were in boston today
terror : photos from the boston marathon bombing
are 44 th president is obama i'm proud goodnight (:
we should have school off for obama being re-elected
although romney beat obama by a wider margin in , mccain still pulled in more votes in 2008 - 45,021 to 44,837
i bet romney got a wet pillow this morninghair gel , spritz and tears .
st . patricks day at harmony honda !
happy saint patricks day everybody !! i'm like 1 /5 irish and aren't doing anything .its pathetic . also 1 /5 polish and swedish and canadian
maybe i will vote .. if i do its gunna be for obama tho becausse hes a fellow
why are blacks voting multiple times ?! voting machines changing votes to obama
please keep the innocent people of paris in your thoughts and prayers
it pains me to see so many innocent people die there in paris .
catholic charities usa and local agencies prepare for hurricane sandy - sacramento bee : catholic charities usa a ht
so when is hurricane sandy ravage supposed to hit ?
watch : migrants dislike food , demand tvs , threaten to go back to syria
extend kindness everywhere you go . happy
is there any need for 745647 hurricane sandy accounts
spongebob must have pissed sandy off
happy saint patrick's day to me . lol
what is the point of saint patricks day idk
love +admire queen latifia + condelisa rice for wonderful role models im sad msnbc +cnn promote kids taught hate +hands in the air
is 60 % black . darren wilson grand jury is 75 % white . i guess black ppl white ppl r not peers after all .
i know i say this every year but i don't give a fuck about irish anything . get away from me , st . patrick's day .
you're doing it wrong if you don't watch this every st patricks day .
uber reinstates surge pricing in nyc for superstorm sandy : uber is matching the surge in water levels with a sur
new post : uber reinstates surge pricing in nyc for superstorm sandy
cash specialist - nepal earthquake response #: nepal - app
so w all the $$ u just made /already had , have u heard about what just recently happened in nepal ?
haha well then st patricks day is a no go haha
the sabres are going green for st . patrick's day :
may the luck of the irish be with you today and man irish eyes be smiling too ! happy st . patrick's day to one and
i was wearing green before i knew it was st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at mobap !
happy st patrick's day to all our fb friends !
fears for hurricane sandy lift orange juice prices : the weather price premium has returned to orange juice uture
yeah theres a huge hurricane headed my way :s school was cancelled for today because of how bad it is
i wish sandy had blown my school away .
agreed-there's 0 coverage outside of asia . i understand the tragedy of sandy but the us isn't the only country in the world
can hurricane sandy just fucking come so i can have a relaxing night .
my hurricane survival kit . wine and chips . it's all you really need lol .
retweeted bbc news (world) video : how has extremism flourished in brussels ?
video : how has extremism flourished in brussels ? | bbc
our hearts go out to all those affected by today's attacks in paris .
my heart is hurting for you paris
there shouldn't be school on st . patrick's day .
a st . patrick's day blessing for you and yours 3
happy st patricks day from mom and me .
happy st . patrick's day ! :) mi negro i love so much
happy st . patrick's day !!!! hope everyone is getting their green on !
happy st . patrick's day ! live it up while you still can ! xd
really should have paid more attention when people have tried to explain american football to me .confused watching the !!!
at least the roads are empty from the . 2 hours leftt
what's the point of st patrick day i don't get it
so y'all celebrate st . patricks day but not kwanzaa ?
i'm sorry i missed you ! was crazy as ever ! have a safe flight .
rt next year ima be sxsw
hurricane sandy is the best account ever created , i just want everyone to share the same joys as i 3
everytime i hear hurricane sandy i think of spongebob forreallll
here's what hurricane sandy did to my house ..
my big bro gonna help new jersey cause of the hurricane prayers !
how we celebrating st patrick's day today haha
i miss st . patricks day at makefield
new week , st . patrick's day . after struggle yesterday for a story to tell at meetings this week , ready to develop refine it in visual form
these bluemoons are on point , i love this savannah , ga for st . patricks day
here's a bit of st .patricks day fun !
today isn't st . patrick's day guys .
damn wat if they made up sandy everybody spent hella bread on shit the coulda save money on lol
i know . :( man , this hurricane better not fuck things up , lol .
before poland and russia match . via
poland v russia will be massive . its almost like a derby .
i recently went through a hurricane . my problem started after . i can recieve text messages but cant send make or recieve calls
may spirit calm those living with fear in wake of sandy ,be patient , if you lost things you'll get better , takes time ,mom's keep babes close .
i've just checked out your profile guy !hate 2 'stereotype!'but u sound like just the type 2 do the boston bombings !!
deadly violence at the boston marathon on monday left three people dead :
happy st patricks day from the emerald isle !
happy st . patricks day to all my fellow irishman .
with my mommy said shes voting for obama can i get a shirt
eveyone whose voting or no sumone who is tell them to vote for obama .!!
nepal army : all 8 bodies found at crashed us marine chopper via
nepal army says all 8 bodies recovered near crashed us marine helicopter
hate when people say we don't like obama because he's black . no we don't like him because he's an awful president lol .
i love how you can't make fun of obama just cause he's black but you can make fun of romney all you want
telegraph world : hurricane sandy kills 21 : at least 21 were killed across the caribbean after hurricane sandy la
hurricane sandy kills 21 : at least 21 were killed across the caribbean after hurricane sandy lashed the bahamas with heavy rains and
chris christie is impressing me with his handling of this hurricane
all the money raised from the sales of will go towards the communities affected by hurricane sandy
sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?
sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel explored the very r media
sweet sandy b's bake shop is up with their idea's progress .
hurricane sandy seems bitchier than hurricane irene _ -
no problem great monday and st patrick's day to you all !
we had a great st . patrick's day and we have the pics to prove it !
man on top of footbridge says has been going on for too long and has to stop
john tsang admits govt was 'psychologically' unprepared for
this game is goin nowhere near to germans ..
this isn't the same german team from previous matches but it is the same annoying mark lawrenson
happy st . patrick's day !!! now where's the guinness for breakfast ?
happy st . patrick's day !! huggggzzzzzzz
really taking in the break . laying back . but not at sxsw this year .
14 hours sxsw preformance with my crew
nepal earthquake quake in maps , tweets and pictures - wsj
nepal quake : kathmandu airport shut , flights from india cancelled via
it's us election day ! for a break down of both obama and romney's campaigns , check out the edelman guide -
so who gone be the winner tonight ????? better be obama .
lol just heard a guy say michigan is a very divided state ha yea that it is , by a giant fucking lake
i love you obama . just come to canada ok ?
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/snfk4lse1m
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/7qbi0mtzd9
obama romney either way were fucked !
mitt romney : how i would make peace with iran ? good question . as governor of massachusetts , i lowered taxes on pota
u .s. issues travel warning for three african countries hit by ebola outbreak . (via
united states issues travel warning for 3 african countries hit by ebola outbreak : united states issues travel
i see barack obama is back in the whitehouse for another term , it must be true what they say ' once you've had black you never go back '
what the fuck has obama done so far ? (great website !)
chicky i got some bad news pots and pans ur gym was wiped out in the storm last night u can thank sandy for that
why is there so much water in new york when it's just been hit by a 'sandy' storm ?
happy st patricks day ! loved how i toured when i was over in ! is it the same around the ?
green glows happy st . patricks day
something like can happen in our own backyard .that's how fragile and uncertain life is .please be nice to each other .
deeply saddened by the paris attacks not the first news you want to see after waking up . ):
what a shocker , romney has the lead
not feeling very sure right nowbut i am hopeful : i hope you chose wisely america !
apparently wearing green on st . patricks day isn't cool in high school .
not wearing green because it's my birthday not st .patricks day
today is round 2 of our st patricks day shamrock streat bash !! we've got live bands all day , irish food truck specials and irish beer !
fact : st . patrick wasn't even irish !
please let that storm come so we wont have school !!!! sandy hurry !!!!!!
with hurricane sandy on the way this is a good time to reflect on planning an outdoor wedding , with rain
robben hits the post ! couldnt have got any closer ! what is the denmark keeper thinking about !
robben hits the post . he had other other options available . unlucky not to score after keeper gives it away
happy st patricks day from seattle . it's not raining :)
happy st . patrick's day for you irish people up there !
mark wahlberg , craig ferguson reflect on boston tragedy : boston natives ben affleck and mark wahlberg are amon
mark wahlberg , craig ferguson reflect on boston tragedy : boston natives ben affleck and mark wahlbe
internal polls : romney up one in oh , two in ia , three in nh , tied in pa and wi : change .the skeptical view
romney's internal polling tells him he's our next president
full episode : wn 12 /15: 3 killed in hostage siege in sydney , australia : retailers and holiday shipping deadlines ; camille cosby on a
full episode : wn 12 /15: 3 killed in hostage siege in sydney , australia : retailers and holiday shipping deadlines ; camil
i got a ton notification from fb of people marking themselves as 'safe' in the nepal earthquake like u are in england get over urselves
why are people saying they're safe from nepal earthquake .. you're in england not nepal of course you're safe
the first time obama was elected president my history teacher took my class on a field trip to lincoln park .
obama won , now their is no more ads for romney on youtube thank god
reppin my shirt for st . patrick's day !
st . patricks day type festivities with
u .s. law enforcement on alert for brussels copy cat attacks : homeland security sent a bulletin to law enforcement agencies across the
: u .s. law enforcement on alert for brussels copy cat attacks : homeland security sent a bulletin to l
don't know why i am nervous watching coverage of the election , but i am ..
watching coverage with a burger and freedom fries !
real clear politics - preliminary evidence indicates paris attack was carried out by trained fighters , experts
america wants to attack syria , thats why it used its illegal child isis for do u agree ??
haven't ever been so excited about politics in my life
i'm calling a 52 % to 48 % win to the 'no' vote . you heard it here first folks
would have been fun if the banner was something similar to this one ..
stand by for another euro crisis - please
welcome to tari taribo's blog : : prominent nigerian , putin , other wo
[ttb]welcome to tari taribo's blog : : prominent nigerian , putin , other wo
where is brussels ?? kinda reminds me of brussel sprouts
i live closer to brussels than she does i think
: brady hits marcia in the nose with football .
eli is about to have more rings than his brother
hurricane sandy my baby doe .. she snappingg right now ' cdfu
like how do you name a hurricane ?
voters under 30 were 19 % of electorate ,increase of their share from '08, voted for obama 60 -36
who needs sex obama screwing us all
superstorm sandy : wall street opens higher : the dow jones opens higher on wednesday , following a two day shutdow
superstorm sandy : wall street opens higher : the dow jones opens higher on wednesday , following a two day s
st . patricks day is my drunkest holiday
somebody got a shoutout in the st . patrick's day mass .
make sure y'all get out there in vote tomorrow !
you already know i'm voting tomorrow
happy st patrick's day ! salute ,cheers and slainte !
happy st patrick's day everybodyyy :)
7 tips for social media managers during a hurricane : how do you quickly communicate to employee
7 tips for social media managers during a hurricane : how do you quickly communicate to employees , c via
watch live new york hurricane sandy broadcast coverage here : for those who wants live tv right from n
watch live new york hurricane sandy broadcast coverage here : for those who wants live tv ri
after sandy do u have extra chasis for us to chill lol ;) craazzy
unless this hurricane is fuckin up thomas i don't wanna hear about it
why is germany playing like shit during probably the most crucial stage of this tournament ?
this is hilarious . italy making new instructional video : 100 ways to nause up a breakaway with a man over .
temas del dia : video : vast tent cities spring up in kathmandu
temas del dia : video : kathmandu square reduced to rubble
ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries work to contain unprecedent
ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries wo sigueme
ok ..paris is starting to look more and more unattractive --- at least two killed in paris shop hostage-taking
seriously , though , will paris now re-think it's unarmed police policy ? ,
so , she mad because obama won
how long are people gonna stress obama's race ?
canadian man finds himself falsely identified as paris terrorist
not that funny , i've done a quick head count , on paris showing your loan terrorist could wipe them all out .
good result for denmark . netherlands looked a bit frail . interesting tournament shaping up .
can't wait to see the swedish on monday . the polish ones were decent but i bet they'll be even better
paris attack : police issue appeal to |
scott pelley at his very best tonight with his emotional report on the paris attacks . so sad but a gripping segment . my emotions are raw .
people who think italy might actually win .
0 -0, italy win on pens (takin into acc ur previous predictions ) qt prediction : germany to win 2 -1. klose podolski .
does anyone actually what caused the attacks in boston
one of your uk presenters just said 'no news when things in boston will be up and running , excuse the pun '
brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report read more :
brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report : the brothers who carried out the airport and metr
you have to admit , michelle and obama are the most adorable couple out there right now
cant wait to spend another 1.4 billion on obama ' s useless ass .
when even fox news can admit obama won , you know its true
i'm really sad obama won , not because i like either of them but because either way we were fucked , but a new fuck is better them an old one .
macbook broke , phones gonna die , i cant go out cuz of this storm , were gonna have a hurricane . cool .
who would have thought that new york would have a hurricane ..
happy st patricks day ! why not get deep with a gander around the channel ? and drink up with us !
happy st . patricks day everyone !!! i love st pats cuz its like a reminder that tomo is my bday lol . finally 18 !!!
i feel this is some of the important points you never hear on
too true . keep talking up eu out
a gunman has cut down a soldier at the war memorial and then fled toward parliament hill , according to witnesses
a gunman has cut down a soldier at the ottawa war memorial and then fled toward parliament hill , according to witnesses
hurricane sandy bring me all the boys with the cute butts
breaking news : storm threat to key us poll week : hurricane sandy becomes a political storm as it swirls towards
breaking news : paris sporting events called off : french tv station itele is reporting that all sporting events
. . pray for paris and pray for a world with no terrorist
first highland dance class tonight ! thinking about scotland's vote tomorrow . can't wait to hear the results !
tomorrow's the big day . do the right thing scotland
if you're not sure if you want independence then you shouldn't have it
if scotland don't vote yes they will be a laughing stock . who says no to independence and yes to david cameron governing you ?
news : typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines
typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines - the hindu : philippine startyphoon hagupit trigger
good morning told yall god had a plan so obama won that you
pplis obama still tha hnic ??..
profile defenders obama , romney make a mad dash in a final bid for votes : president obama and gop challenger mitt best reputation co .
obama , romney make a mad dash in a final bid for votes : president obama and gop chal
sir bobby charlton deserves player of the tournament
i hate to admit it but spain are so good that they could play football with their eyes closed if they wantedand still win
it's a devastating hurricane that took lives and wrecked homes , not a public event to make a celebration out of
every team uses sabermetrics sandy didnt even draft harvey and they will be aces
on our way home from hurricane sandy with
the hurricane tweets started being annoying about four hours ago . there isn't much left of the horse you're beating .
sickening how artists are trying to capitalize off of obama being reelected .no reason to put the singles on itunes .support for free
deleted a bunch of people for their stupid obama comments
video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping acros
typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds
the football oracle professed 4 goales and he was right scored 4 goales in the
spain is once again the winner of the . greatest football team ever ?
let's stay calm informed . spread valid info lets fight dis virus : ebola virus and marburg virus -
and the fear of ebola . na correct fear tho . na to find australian visa tho .
'let me educate you ': hannity and committeewoman battle over police brutality (video)
willie waze - world is a ghetto (cee cypher pigs ) via
gcg feed ge wants you to play with power tools at sxsw : ever used a laser cutter ? how about a cold saw , ironw
credible ge wants you to play with power tools at sxsw : ever used a laser cutter ? how about a cold
this whole hurricane thing is starting to scare me
oct 26 - hurricane sandy track and spaghetti models , son-tinh headed for vietnam www .cyclocane.c
remember what just happened in paris . do we want her for our next president ?
you can bet on it evil bastards
flood threat from hurricane patricia from
bbc news : flood threat from hurricane patricia
sandy has us closed today and tomorrow (wed). we'll keep you updated on our status for the rest of the week . please stay safe !
we're not even flooded . last year was much worst than sandy .
the jokes about the boston marathon was bloody cruel weh
boston blasts : 78 -year-old marathon runner's photo goes viral via
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qnztp4dtnz
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/23ysxieuwa
when has to intervene , you know ur handing it wrong
lawyer : autopsy shows cop repeatedly shot
are you talkin about the hurricane one ??
prayers go up for everyone effected my hurricane sandy .
boston mayor won't march in a st . patrick's parade without homosexuals
sus st . patrick's day imi mahvediyorsun !!!!
i really liked that countdown to kick-off !
that countdown to kick off is beyond annoying
happy st . patrick's day everyone xx hope your having a great day and have a lovely night . and remember wear green xx
i'm pretty sure the americans celebrate st . patricks day more than the irish themselves
you should be jealous of my spread
my child literally could not look away from david beckham . i can't even get mad .
it's amazing what lengths the wealthy (white) elite will go to maintain a status-quo and deny an institutionalized racism exists
this - missouri gop derides a voter registration drive whose america ?
aww mitt looks like he's been crying .
mitt look like he was crying
happy st .patrick's day from little-reptiles !
wishing you happiness and good luck on this st . patrick's day !
news from french police report shootout and explosion in paris :
live and developing multiple attacks underway : french police report shootout and explosion in paris
gi joe ? did they completely replace the cast ?
the speed dating commercial was so hilariously cute and funny
forbes could ebola virus become a threat in the u .s?
could ebola virus become a threat in the u .s?
our thoughts and prayers are w the families and friends of those affected in
hope and prayer's go out to their familys
sxsw 2012 : finale has r .e.m. member sightings - usa today : an earnest songwriter and frontman , velghe al
wish i wasn't so busy . all these sxsw 2012 articles are calling to me .
so glad obama won now everyone can shut up with their skewed political views
so relieved for obama and me ! couldnt take the stress anymore
fake hurricane sandy shark photo migrates to chinese web
natural gas fire burns in mantoloking , nj - 14 homes destroyed after hurricane sandy hit :
happy st . patrick's day . green beer for all lol
st . patrick's day aka damn proud to irish day .
i don't like st patricks day . green isn't my fav and leprechauns are scary as shit
dabbing the dribblets of red wine from off my cell phone while shredding old tax documents on st . patrick's day = adult shit
team obama and good luck x
obama adviser valerie jarrett reportedly holding secret talks with iran | via
happy st . patrick's day everyone , wear your green today !!!!
snowflakes in morrisville on st patrick's day .
go green for st . patrick's day and recycle your plastic !
green briefs for st . patricks day .
to all our naughty irish lovers , celebrate st patrick's day the coco de mer way
happy st . patrick's day , todd ! have a guinness big cheers , mate ! can't wait to get home for some irish dinner !
young folk standing in solidarity march to china town for .
as of 7 pm saturday , 13 ppl have been shot in chicago this weekend .one was a 3 -year old boy . oh , well , says media going insane in .
italy are unbeaten in their last five games against germany , winning three times and drawing twice rt
azzurri are unbeaten in their last five games against germany , winning three times and drawing twice ..#euro2012
hurricane sandy leaves 21 dead across caribbean : the storm drenched the bahamas early friday after leaving 21 people dead across the
hurricane sandy leaves 21 dead across caribbean : the storm drenched the bahamas early friday after leaving 21 pe
easton ave is blocked at park ave due to a downed tree .
i am so sorry for all those affected by the hurricane . i got so so lucky and i still have power . i really do feel horrible
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! be safe in the snow !
having fun :d patrick's day parade - w / 81 others )
hope ppl in nepal n all over india where the tremore were felt are fine !! in my car away from the news so pls update me abt the situation ..
people posting liked it .maza aa gaya ..n al cheering stuffplease get a life .people died back at nepal .rip
happy st . patricks day ! did you wear some green today ?
happy st patrick's day ! enjoy celebrating .
wears your green ??? happy st . patrick's day !!!
happy st . patrick's day to all our irish colleagues and volunteers .
metro manila now under signal #2 by
metro manila now under signal number 2
a baby goat drinking milk from it's mother .
today will be putting on a karma keg to raise money for the victims in nepal . pay what you like for a pint
i think a parade is about to start (at steve nash fitness world )
some paddy's day facts (just for a laugh - dont take it too serious lol ) - st . patrick died on 17 th march , the
how are you now ? i miss ya !
dedicating my yoga practice this morning to those impacted by the bombings in boston .
well , aftermath superstorm has turned to be fruitful for obama ,as opposition parties praised him to the peak including ny mayor .
sprint service sucks even more since hurricane sandy ugh
happy st patrick's day everyone ! getting ready for a fun filled day in ventnor today ! see you there :d
happy st . patrick's day ! check out our website home page for some great green places to visit every day in
with just over a quarter votes in , prop 121 is headed toward defeat with 65 % of voters saying 'no'.
does anyone know the turnover rate of the population of florida ?
ohw thank you , but i'm not from paris
i liked a video from paris attacks : overview of stade de france suicide bombings amidst
queen delivers heartbreaking speech following paris attacks :
syrians react to passport found at paris attack scene - bbc news
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4ye02j9q76
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/l2mnhkkhhz
is getting more juice out of this boston marathon tragedy than from his insulin pump .
we just added photos to our boston marathon explosion gallery , with scenes from today in boston -
so hurricane sandy plans to hit new york on monday ..
live conference on hurricane sandy prep building a disaster-ready
so many people were absent today . they must celebrate st . patricks day
haappy st patrick's day i know im late lol
lescott to score first 66 -1, should of put my money where my mouth is !
it seemed like england controlled that half but anything can happen :s
big fan of the italian national anthem
the italian national anthem is fairly bollocks
the boston marathon was not held for the sandy hook shooting to the people who keep getting it all twisted up ! it's a yearly thing .
how can people be so sickening ?
happy st . patrick's day ! if you drink enough , you won't even notice the earthquakesyou'll just think you're really drunk ! ;)
thank you kindly james ~a very happy st . patrick's day to you and to all !! :d
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/01zkqn5eas
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/7oz4kmlfbf
please pray for paris and the people that have sadly lost there lives .
paris taxi drivers taking people home for free tonight .
prays for nepal to stand strong and overcome the loss !
is there any relief fund for nepal ? if yes , how may one donate ? help appreciated .
sxsw networking : 6 ways to up your game : on friday , the ultimate crossro via
sxsw networking : 6 ways to up your game : on friday , the ultimate crossroads of .ca
whaaat ? there are sharks in the new jersey streets right now due to flooding from sandypretty badass
inception .dank herbs .hurricane sandy .. it's gonna be a good night
happy st . patricks day !!! i'm irish and proud of it !!!!
watch my latest lesson on clay st . patrick's day
well there are people who care more than others
i will forever pray and aim for a better future for palestine !!!ya allah be with them t_t
magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes nepal ; deaths , injuries reported
magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes nepal ; deaths , injuries reported : the region was already devastated by a magn
weird misty horizontal rain on ma ! winds r crazy . hard tree swaying 1 min . 2 light barely moving ! over 500 miles away
if the weatherman can stand in a hurricane so can i
hurricane patricia is holy shit its something else
hurricane patricia makes landfall on mexico's pacific coast as category 5 storm via the android app
happy monday and st . patrick's day to you
on a nicer note happy st patrick's day to you all .
casually looking at places to live in canada and england in case romney wins the election tomorrow
ill rather watch lil'reese beat hoes ass , than romney fuck my country up
you know this party has made it when the neighbors climbed their balcony to join
now that its actually st .patricks day ..round two ?
prayers for paris . stay safe everyone !
sending love and prayers to paris .stay safe everyone !
visitsavannah's photo so wish we here instead of working today . maybe next year . happy st . patrick's day everyone !!!
happy st . patrick's day to my beautiful grandma ..
brussels attacks : nuclear alert after security officer found dead with his pass stole
brussels attacks : nuclear alert after security officer found dead with his pass stolen : officials have cancell
nepal earthquake : hundreds dead , history crumbles , everest shaken : while the extent of the damage and the scale of the disaster are y
stay safe people . still rocking from aftershocks .
happy st . patricks day . i want the gold .
i never wear green on st . patricks day . ever .
extremely moved by the groundswell of horror at today's paris atrocity
i'd rather die standing than live on my knees - charb
if only ur chomi from nkandla could deliver such speeches .
lmfao they say its going to go for obama though
haha ! they are getting proper humped . wouldn't be surprised if it finishes 2 -2
compare group stage matches to nations cup group stage matches . far ,far better than afcon
happy st . patrick's day ! to everyone celebrating , be safe !
a st . patrick's day read : the world of competitive irish dancing (with videos ) -
huge network | video : bbc news coverage of paris attacks
huge network | video : footage shows paris attack scenes
a face and a name for the paris attacks victims via
what the paris attacks mean for you
elizabeth warren - so happy for you !!! all the way from colorado
bout to hit up 2 k for a while then come back to this
i was so bored this week . stayed in and smoked weed . i blew down more trees than sandy .
why time magazine used instagram to cover hurricane sandy - forbes via facebook
brill start to the euros with some very average teams . going to be a good tournament !
a goal six minutes into the second half for the second game running
rt if you survived through hurricane sandy
hurricane sandy buckles nc 12 on hatteras island : the national park service has closed beaches to vehicular acce
it's st . patrick's day ! we're wearing green , are you ?
wait , it's st patricks day why aren't we turning up ?
lol ok these hurricane sandy tweets aren't even that funny
i hope any of my peeps that are in the pathway of hurricane sandy will be kept safe well !
search is on for gunman who left 6 dead near philadelphia : officials say the gunman is bradley wi
search is on for gunman who left 6 dead near philadelphia : officials say the gu
crash raises questions about shifting ideas of pilot fitness
i don't believe in what they say
news : government ready for new talks with student protesters , says chief executive
government ready for new talks with student protesters : bbc
happy st . patrick's day - enjoy the wearin o ' the green !
happy st . patrick's day !! can't wait for my jig's dinner later .
st patricks day shouldnt be on a monday its makes it ten times more shite
happy st . patricks day to my ireland friends !
who is going to win today ? giants or patriots ?
can't wait for the commercials go giants !!!
plane hijacked and forced to land in cyprus ? what's going on in the world ?!?
a hijacked egypt plane has landed in cyprus .
ronaldo should have put the game to bed a long time ago . fair play to denmark though
how do you feel now ronaldo !
in the battle of tapas vs . pasta , may the bigger plate win !
how did itv win the final ?
netherlands v germany . almost as bad a grudge match as poland v russia .
will watch this one ! netherlands v germany
barges expected thursday into ny harbor post sandy : uscg : new york (reuters) - barges are expected to be allowed
barges expected thursday into ny harbor post sandy : uscg
dude what the fuck is going on in paris right now ?
following the live updates of what's happening in paris through my thoughts are with those affected .
bout this hurricane sandy ish . who the fuck is on some next shit making dis up ?
we're bouta get wammied by sandy .
my thoughts and prayers for boston and iran ..
my cousin was in boston yesterday . thanking god for protecting cuz and check out his perspective .
[sportstweet] both group b (of death ) games should be fun . mtgreat day 1 of . v should be great tomorrow
i'm missing the game and i don't even know why !
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods li
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely : typhoon h via
st patrick's day at st patrick . long live guiness :)
st . patrick's day : tarte sale - today only : for more info click on image or herevia tarte
(#losdelsonido) details of victims in the crash of germanwings flight 9525 : details of victims in the crash of germanwi (#ivanberroa)
: details of victims in the crash of germanwings flight 9525 : details of victims in the via
how coincidental that was doing a terrorist threat at paris in their second season , and from no where comes a real
so it turns out the paris attacks are linked to is
bless you all ! one huge reason obama won tonight : people who stayed in long lines to vote - democratic underground
obama 4 more years to go yeeeeehbaby
towson teacher hurt in boston bombings
thank you , boston , for courage in the face of fear
trying to decide where to watch the futbol tomorrow . anyone got any ideas ?
spain vs italy tomorrow siced spain bout to murk
can you give a shout out to your fans that are about to get hit with hurricane sandy on the east coast ?
i feel like i should be livetweeting sandy .
hurricane sandy brought down some trees in area . what did you think about the storm ?
sitting in science learning about hurricane sandy
st . patrick's day special !! free lime oil ~
it's st . patrick's day ! let's celebrate by giving you something special !!! only for this week !
at the end of the boston marathon when people started to cross the finish line , bombs went off and people got blown up
to prey for those in boston means you're doing nothing for those in boston .
top 10 things to do during hurricane sandy
i know han offered ,but in if you need a shelter i cordially invite you to katie's indoor campground spectacular : hurricane sandy
all the support for paris is so beautiful , but i am so frustrated with the utter ignorance of the other tragedies that occurred this weekend
i liked a video from peace for paris
i wonder if sandy washed up all those boardwalk empire liquor bottles around here
romney back on the campaign trail as obama visits sandy victims - us politics live : mitt romney
happy st patrick's day ! smoke weed everyday !
is st . patricks day every irish persons birthday ?
hurricane sandy kills 41 in caribbean , targets u .s. - yahoo ! news via
hurricane sandy please give us all next week off so we can have a fall break
let's find those responsible for the boston attacksprayers are nice but secondary at this point !!!
the thoughts of the main line health family are with everyone who was affected by yesterday's tragedy in boston .
i have dreamed of going to the rock of cashel since i was little . happy st . patrick's day !!!
happy st patrick ,s day to all our friends have a good day
sandy seems like a puss so i'm not really worried
at 2 oclock catagorey 1 hurricane sandy shall b here
boston marathon bombings . how sad (-_-)
president obama to make statement on boston marathon bombing at 10 :30 a .m. watch the cbs news special report here :
some pople make st . patrick's day a big deal ..
getting ready for the st . patrick's day party !
ur going down 4 the stupidest tweet ever .u got a speech planned ?
ah no idea ey . maybe its sandy lol .
obama's real world game of risk
rt you think romney's ahead by a wide margin then ? hell if i know !!
happy st . patrick's day you little leprechauns !
got my green on and my shamrocks ..trying to fit in .happy st . patrick's day !
missouri gov . jay nixon orders national guard withdrawn from
breaking : missouri governor jay nixon has ordered the mo national guard to withdraw from
c'mon fellas ! let's get on with the speeching . i'm sleepy .
i just have to say that i'm so glad that obama has brought back tony toni tone .
so awful . our thoughts and hearts are with all the lives lost and hurt in .
dj lomaxx news (video) stephen colbert fought back tears breaking the news of the paris attacks
from the new watch boston marathon explosions
what happened in boston ? i keep hearing about it ?
new jersey votes extended to friday ??? these niggas tryna cheat
florida , you guys are breakin ' my heart .
from elias : barack obama is 1 -0 in national elections held on tuesdays in november .
obama obama obama obama , i wish we had some as good as him to run our country
saint-denis paris attacks raid : head of france's elite anti-terrorist force says he saw bomber's : the head
because clinton knows it will be another inside job !
eddie just because she doesn't like obama doesn't mean she's racist
ok . early voters did a great job . now , it's up to the rest of us . personally , i will be at the polls at 6 am to vote f
texas sucks but goddamn would i like to go to sxsw
let cap metro take you to extended rail service shedules here : -- see u rt :
sending love to all of paris and everyone affected . praying for and the world over . every life is important .
i'm muting or unfollowing certain people demanding we go straight to war in response to paris attacks . would lead to more needless deaths .
please follow to know where some amazing fights w / a donkey & elephant are during the part of !
i'm so impressed by you and your firms . collaborating at a week before mar 15 shows your house is in order .
bbc : video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ' - in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people have spent the night o
in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people have spent the night out in the open after the second major earthquake to strike in less th
only we would go cruising in hurricane weather
idgaf what nobody say hurricane isabell was a baaaaad ass bitch
attack in paris - about the new video
pray for paris - tribute - hommage via
is halloween 3 st patricks day appropriate ?
lets celebrate st .patricks day . the green way !
this is how we roll for our st . patricks day breakfast
what better way to ring in st . patrick's day then with a package from
rain hold up the damnin games .hmm.(bad weather )
can't believe the match got cancelled because of rain ! and i thought english weather was bad
nope at work , but i here he has 2 goals already
2 -nil at the half ? as soccer goes , this is a blowout !
verizon networks ready to serve consumers , businesses as hurricane sandy threatens east coast : basking ridge , n .j.
is going to swim with the fishes during the hurricane
just a reminder : candles are prohibited in residence halls for safety reasons . please use flashlights , or flashlight apps .
teaching and lerarning about hurricane sandy : taken from ny times learning blog .as new york city and the east ht
boston tragedy shows two sides of : important read for those on twitter during the blast .
keeping all those in boston in our thoughts today .
us helicopter missing in earthquake aid mission |
update : usmc helicopter missing in nepal earthquake aid mission
omg my heart goes out to all the people in the bombing in boston you're in my prayers
my cousin is in boston im scared :(((
happy st . patrick's day mon amour !!!!!!!
happy st . patrick's day , from the jews
42 aftershocks have rattled nepal since massive earthquake hey !
42 aftershocks have rattled nepal since massive earthquake via brian ries
happy st patricks day my irish fellows x
happy st patricks day to all our irish customers .top of the morning to you all !!
has appeared twice in last 5 mins on tv . .
apparently so and the proclaimers are banned from the radio also
happy st . patrick's day to me lol
happy st . patrick's day !or niall's day ! ;)
paris attack survivors reveal they heard 'bullets and screams ' from bataclan hall | daily mail online
corbyn comes out with a measured , reasonable response to the paris attacks and the blairite warmongers line up to stick the knife in .
muslims need 2 start speaking out immediately against the terrorist attacks in brussels
our thoughts are with the victims families and everyone in
kimberley nemrava , b .c. and yukon director for joins us at 7 :52 .how you can help victims of the nepal earthquake
but why are people who are nowhere near nepal being marked safe during the nepal earthquake ?
sing green cape this match is filmed in poland and it's been mentioned in the song cone on the irish
uefa euro 2012 group c ireland vs croatia
several hostages at the supermarket in have been freed .
reporting that the two charlie hebdo terrorists have been killed . divine justice awaits the barbarians !
happy st .patrick's day everyone !! be safe !
happy st . patrick's day , colin ! have fun today , boy-o !
reporter again live tweeting from
pretty sure this will all end with the arrest of the murderous officer . why are the hiding the incident report ?
engineering design challenge !design an earthquake-proof building .real world connections 2 nepal earthquake .
incredible images from after the . may the climbers who lost their lives rest in peace
paris today really puts a fucking red cup into perspective .
rip to all those who lost there lives in paris !..its appalling behaviour i say get ready for war this cant carry on ! first 9 /11 now this !
: self-described cleric mon haron monis has a track record of criticising politicians , according to
: sydney siege gunman identified as sheikh man haron monis from iran ; he has a long history of criminal convictions .
mr karassik voted for obama last term
presidential election 2012 ! tomorrow , my dad is voting for obama !
what are you planning on drinking while watching the ?
party goin down wall ! doors free chili , cheap drinks + lots of prizes up for grabs ! yours truly djin time !
i'm horrible at st patrick's day . this is the only green i'm wearing .
happy st . patrick's day ! we're loving the green .
it's not a race , but the depictions of mulsims in cartoons like the ones in charlie hebdo are always of arab men with beards
paris shooting charlie hebdo terrorist names found
breaking : bbc reports 60 people inside bataclan concert hall in being held hostage .
reports suggest 60 people being held hostage in bataclan concert hall
a terrible day for all who believe in freedom of speech
today's horrific events in france , freedom of speech must continue to be encouraged .
both the games today were better than all the games in the world cup in south africa . this is going to be a great tournament
i have russia in the team sweepstake , if we lose don't expect you gas to work ok , your choice europe .. your choice .
happy st . patricks day everyone ! stay safe if you go out and celebrate !
happy st patrick's day tara ! love your earrings !
gunman holds several hostage in sydney , australia
new !!: gunman holding hostages in sydney cafe
st . patrick's day is like valentine's day for people who love jameson and bad decisions *like me
oh , and happy st . patrick's day to the irish !
from this little leprechaun to you all , happy st . patrick's day !
why as americans do we celebrate st . patrick's day
drinking green milk , that's how i celebrate st . patrick's day
fuck syracuse . this town fucking blows . they don't have a goddamned clue how to do st patrick's day .
good from rachel sylvester that migration problems won't be solved by pulling up the drawbridge
the leaders debate for will include coburn mostly talking and value
you're too smart a woman to vote for obama . vote lady smarts not lady parts . more important issues than abortion .
final impremedia-ld tracking poll : if latino vote is high , obama will carry 4 key swing states via
out here in houston going through it for real .. glad obama won n shit .. yay we part of history but life goes on -4
latest from obama camp : big bird to be next secretary of state
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/9fbnwuukjm
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/lpifolferb
i didn't realize it was st . patrick's day until i walked into school today ..
i'm kinda weirded out by the idea , but i'm going out to an irish pub to drink on st . patrick's day .
fate of paris attack 'mastermind' still unknown after raid : prosecutor : the suspected mastermind of the paris
yeah to isis , because of the attacks in paris , they're not playing around they're pissed
calls the election for obama , so we
haven't fangirled enough yet so i just wanna say how happy i am obama won
we took as many notes and inspirations down from sxsw as we could . radcon - the sxswi experience
great talk on css 3 by haakon wium lie at sxsw 2012 .
so sorry to learn that crash the result of pilot suicide . crash was bad enough but now just so horrifyingly awful .
clare page : pilot may have deliberately crashed germanwings flight
our thoughts and prayers go to all those in brussels , and to all of those traveling .
where were you when trump warned the world about the risk in brussels on jan . 27, 2016 . see previous posts .
this is not the germany team i have been watching since start of
still want ze germans to score !
happy st patricks day thank you ireland for robert sheehan
happy st . patricks day !!! mike 0121
romney /mccain/gopers miss the good ole days of color coded fear mongering and duct t
obama , romney to make their final case on last day of campaign - chicago
reuters - tough new national security laws , bail rules failed hostages : australian pm : sydney (reuters) - toug
tough new national security laws , bail rules failed hostages : australian pm : sydney (reute
my prayers for all my brothers and sisters at nepal .
7.9 mag earthquake in nepal . more than a 100 dead . may thier souls r .i.p
shock . disbelief . thinking of my friends . daily realities seem far away on cnn . war , terror , feeling /being vulnerable . now
absolutely terrible about boston marathon news :(
russia is the most entertaining team to watch in this tournament so far .
i like ukraines kit the most , it reminds me of swedens kit
come on sandy ! you little bitch is that all you got ????
hurricane sandy : new opportunity ll masreeen yehroona faty w ta7weer w sowar
i'm guessing that not everyone's scared of hurricane sandy then
help out the red cross in new yorkthe red cross needs your help . once hurricane sandy passes through our
is there a spirit day for st . patricks day today ? or no ?
forgot it's st . patrick day
how united is the kingdom ? will half of be very unhappy in the morning ?#indyref
guess it's that or start again , depending on your point of view
terrible what's happened in ottawa today , but until we know , people need to stop jumping to the assumption that this is a terrorist attack .
omg did you hear what `s going on in ottawa canada `s capital ?it`s only a 2 hour drive from where i live in montreal
it's st . patrick's day , vote for
how will you be spending this st . patrick's day ?
good day all and happy st . patricks day ! we will be out of the office . if you need us , look for the family
happy st . patrick's day too all :-)
just 10 mins left until begin their campaign against a strong french side . can the unfancied english grab a c
euro 2012 - live . france v england get involved in the debate
turned on football expecting to see the usual shower but .
the french fans swimming in the stands ! great banter .
i could care less about the game . give me the commercials !
are you ready for 7 hours of super bowl pre-game ?
fulcuri how can you be insensitive about paris ?its not that .its that only 60 are being noticed .dont forget the rest .
no offence but africa needs my prayers way more besides , paris has enough colonial wealth to get through worse than these attacks
can't stop watching sandy coverage . what are your family and friends on the east coast saying ?
stay safe , east coast ! this is not a game , people !!
happy saint patrick's day !!!! today , everyone is irish !
happy saint patrick's day every one ! especially u niall !!
my husband's aunt in virginia said she got a call from ann romney , and hung up on her . guess we know who she's voting for
the american presidential election my color will win obama
obama will win . i can see it .
some black ppl are just voting for obama just because he's black .. that's ignorant .
preparations hasten for tropical storm sandy - washington post : the hindupreparations hasten for tropical storm sandywashington postf
preparations hasten for tropical storm sandy - washington post : the hindupreparations hasten for tropic
if romney gets elected ill be like .
two words for election day : defeat obama
muslims . do not know jesus more do atheist they will both paris together so will christians that do not know jesus they do not obey him
why the attacks paris got larger uk coverage than other tragedies
: nepal earthquake may weaken moraine dams : scientists : moraine dammed lakes may also have
nepal earthquake may weaken moraine dams : scientists : moraine dammed lakes may also have weakened during the earthquake of 7.9 magnit
a special goodnight to our irishmen n women . happy st patricks day . st p was said to be kidnapped n made a slave for 6 years until god
late but happy st patrick's day im sure tomorrow we'll talk about st patrick in my irish mythology class
well , i've been without internet for about 4 days now . so apparently while i was away , a boston marathon was bombed , hope is
let's take a minute to pray for all the victims in the boston marathon bombing .
guinness caves to gay pressure , drops st . patrick's day parade sponsorship viasad . foolish
nyc mayor opts for gay-friendly st . patrick's day option
fox , is there no silver lining that your dark cloud can't foul ? media circus : fox struggles with obama's win
not only did obama win , pre-k 4 sa passed
adele pays tribute to victims of brussels terror attacks with 'make you feel my love ' at london .
paris and brussels : the links between the attackers | world news | the guardian
don't you think that deep down ann romney is very ashamed of the lying and moral bankruptcy displayed by her husband , mitt romney !
new poll shows obama in lead over mitt romney ..
two team sheets from two different planets but anything is possible
thats ireland fucked if my main man torres is starting ! !
1 d saying happy st patricks day again !
happy st patrick's day !!! remember this ? xx
it's st . patrick's day ! i hope is wearing green ! (his name is patrick , get it ?)
happy st .patrick day ! may the green be ever in ypur favor
roll on final ! italy for the win !l'italia si accender /come on italy
spain vs italy who's going to bring the cup home tonight ?
google launches person finder after nepal earthquake - maine news : maine newsgoogle launches perso studio 86 .cn
heartbroken about the terrible tragedy in nepal . beautiful country , beautiful people . stay strong nepal
nepal govt thanks for going all out to help with post-earthquake story
raising money for the nepal earthquake , amazing work foxxy .
hi i'm from paris but i've already bought one for me . just wanted to thanks this amazing person 3
you better make it back safe . i'm sure you know what happened in paris already .
if you joke about what happened in boston then you seriously are one of the most inconsiderate people on this planet .
absolutely disgusted by the tragedy in glad to see so many strong actions after something so idiotic
globalmedic mobilizes to get clean water to devastated nepal sponsored by :
hi , thank you very much for sharing our nepal earthquake relief donation page . your support is appreciated , thanks - paul
hurricane sandy : evacuations may be ordered in cape may county - the star-ledger -
hurricane sandy : evacuations may be ordered in cape may county |
i think we should send maye maye frm jeppe's town 2 save germny
i wanna give up . am i allowed to give up ? i just want to cry
vote for obama - please keep the usa in the 21 st century , americans . romney will be burning witches by christmas if he wins .
a tabloid said obama sold cocaine in college ..and romney was arrested for sexual assault ! i guess they trying 2 stay impartialwhat a joke
feels really bad after reading about the paris attacks . prayers for everyone affected by this .
paris attacks : shootings and explosions leave at least 158 dead // what crap !!
may the luck of the irish be with you today - and always ! happy
happy st patrick's day ! all operating flights are on time . to book your seat , call 800.665 .4354 or
did you know the oldest st patrick's day parade is in new york ? started in 1762 . join the parade today
'the bold fenian men ' 01 bold tenant farmer : via . happy st . patrick's day everyone !
you look like obama but on crack
i'll pass this will be an obama love fest
brussels airport closed until at least tuesday : brussels airport officials say flights won't re
brussels airport to remain closed till tuesday : brussels : brussels airport said on saturday it w
one person gets killed in the act has a religion , 150 people get killed in , the act has no religion ,
i'm glad my friends from paris are at a safe place . but europe keep in mind , that refugees are not the
'britain is a target ' - front pages - papers carry mi5 chief's warning after charlie hebdo attack
we should support charlie hebdo , not endorse it
today is the day . the day when the civilized world must *unite* to put an end to this barbarian mess .
my thoughts are with the people if paris tonight . horrible .
welcome back to all of our students and a happy st . patrick's day to everyone !
happy st . patricks day ! we thinks its a great day for a car wash !
had to snap on a boy in my class about mitt rommey . dont fuck with me today .
support obama !! your entitled to your opinion !! blessings to you and your ministry !! god bless and again love ya (:
this sandy aftermath is so devastating here in ny
the red crayola - hurricane fighter plane
may you be blessed today and every day ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day , today we're going green !
back to usual service on monday on etc etc join me from 2 -6am
i guess glasgow , dundee , w dunbartonshire n lanarkshire could break from scotland and the uk with a yes majority .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ogpxdw232x
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/itr8zbuacl
how tour ops , mexico responded to keep tourists safe from patricia
how tour ops , mexico responded to keep tourists safe from patricia : though the major resort destinations on mexico ?s pacific coast do
kudos to charlie hebdo in standing up to this extremist filth . if you have the right to religion , i have the right to criticize .
charlie hebdo really have a death wish to be using that cover .
happy st . patrick's day chargers !
shaun saved st . patricks day !
top o ' the mornin ' to ya ! in celebration of , come in to to enjoy the green light cocktail .
it's my day lmao st patricks lol
looking good with a red beard on st . patricks day !
lol i've seen so much st . patrick's day stuff in the last two weeks that my brain told me it was over already , then i saw the date :p
match report : croatia vs italy ; another half performance by the italians : italy took on group leaders
match report : croatia vs italy ; another half performance by the italians
where are you celebrating st patrick's day - we have voxana singing danny boy tonight . come sing along while
st . patricks day and 21 st birthday ?
via obama causes , meets coffins
ssm vote in wa won't help romney win here , but obama /sane ppl should make wa 1 st state to pass ssm by voters . it's abt civil rights .
it is worth remembering that most boat people are fleeing the same extremists we are fighting in the middle east
i'm sorry but i refuse to believe that the gunman who is too stupid to realise that he took the wrong flag (?) too precautions and hid bombs
anyone watching the wind speed of hurricane sandy and think it's no threat , look at this pic and add 6 -12 ft of water
share your hurricane sandy photos , stories
i just hope everyone in boston stays safe and okay 3
boston in my prayers .. it's gettin real out here
the 2 reasons why i'm watching the 1 . to see the win 2 . all the promos !! :d
home alone all night :( at least i don't have to watch
forget romney and obama . vote swift .
america you are so lucky to have
happy st patrick's day to all our golfers !
happy st . patrick's day ! what makes you feel lucky ?
have a enjoyable and safe st patricks day !!
st . patricks day can only mean one thing !
'bout time . nbc's chuck todd blames climate change for hurricane sandy .
sandy's left her mark on copley square
usa today - headline all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodi
. all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal /#news
genuinely interesting and perceptive analysis from a bbc panel . such a nice change . get rid of shearer hansen and lawrenson !
group of death looking really interesting now
prayers for all those touched by the explosion at the boston marathon : may the lord look on them with compassion and
did everyone have a blast at the boston marathon ?too soon ?okay
isn't big , clever or patriotic . it will just make us look small and weird .
we would maintain access to the single market using the following plan via
i could really use a day off . bring it
2 days ago we had a . 2.5 earthquake . what next a hurricane ?
flood threat from hurricane patricia : parts of mexico are at risk of major floods and landslides after h (bbc)
dtn world news : flood threat from hurricane patricia : parts of mexico are at risk of major floods and landslid
terrible earthquake in nepal kills thousands and destroys timeless buildings , how can outsiders help
nepal is a reminder that anything can happen anywhere . and that we're all in this together .
our best romney stock : edac technologies corp . $ba $edac $erj
please dear god let it not be romney !
happy st . patrick's day from my lil loves :)
happy st patricks day bitchessssssssssss
if given the rare chance to be on tv make sure you scream , wave , jump up and down , you'll stand out you'll look smart
if romney wins , there'll be a first , second , third , fourth and fifth lady .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hhptcmx2ll
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gpf02gsrbq
happy bday to lucas ! happy st . patrick's day !
'may your troubles be less and your blessings be more ', happy st . patrick day !
want to help the situation in paris ? do not be a fucking idiot and spread police activity in paris via social media .
shit , prayers going out to paris
you republicans did this to the economy ! not obama !!!
soooo what's obama gunna do about this nhl lockout , may i ask ? i want hockey .
*inggris* termuda : alex oxlade-chamberlain (18 thn ) | tertua : robert green (32 thn ). usia rata 2 tim : 26,04 thn .
*ceko* : termuda : vladimir darida (21 thn ) tertua : jaroslav drobny (32 thn ) usia rata 2 : 27,26 thn
its crazy how at sxsw i ran into a few big producers friends and all have expressed how they're consciously straying away from hiphop
its crazy how at sxsw i ran into a few big producers friends and all have expressed how they're consciously straying away fr
today i discovered how much i hate st .patricks day .
next up on our st patrick's day celebrations from 22.00 on we take you back to an
haha he cut the line with like 15 people
[sxsw 2012 ] part viii : gallery of snaps by bizblogger
good luck at the , nah nah nah nerr , england !
line up still looks conservative for england . what have we got to lose ?
absolutely clinical . take a bow russia . what an awesome display of total football . they have made a statement in game 1 .
russia . . . wow ! there's nothing better than winning your opening game in such emfatic style .
'no more ' nepal quake survivors : nepal's authorities rule out the possibility of finding more (via
bbc news : 'no more ' nepal quake survivors : nepal's authorities rule out the possibility of finding more surviv
it's st . patrick's day and i forgot to wear green . i'm such a rebel
just realized its st patrick's day i actually wore green . haha
nice momentum u can do this dude . boring spain v italy
come on spain . get this sorted out .
nigeria : lagos issues alert on ebola , gives precautionary tips : worried by the increasing cases of deaths from
lagos issues alert on ebola , gives precautionary tips - vanguard
i'm not sure why people who aren't irish feel the need to celebrate st . patrick's day . it just doesn't make sense .
fuck people that dress up for saint patrick's day . fuck you .
please sign ! -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fwgvn6h6hi
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/uzz0ocjvjq
def plain on seeing me next year !
probably best band so far at along with lionel richie
. says was just on the phone with president obama speaking on . invited for the gov to call him if he needs assistance .
wake up in the morning feeling like dstroying cities grab my glasses i'm out the door gunna fuck up nyc -hurricane sandy
hearing an unnamed google executive was killed in earthquake .
special ;aarti#039; in varanasi for nepal earthquake victims
holy cool looking empire state building
if you aren't watching a news station tonight , you're crazy .
health secretary ; nhs would be hurt by because economy is
fucking foreign books , trying to tell us stuff !
ebola deaths mount in sierra leone and liberia : the who said sierra leone accounted for 32 new c
ebola deaths mount in sierra leone and liberia : the who said sierra leone accounted for 32 new
only thing on the road just a few short days ago . slowly gettin back to normal here . hood
photo : only thing on the road just a few short days ago . slowly gettin back to normal here .
via french prosecutors : suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in police raid .
: french prosecutors : suspected mastermind of attacks abdelhamid abaaoud killed in police raid .
spunkyangels : busty blonde babe lucky celebrates saint patrick's day by getting topless and having a bowl of h
it wouldn't be st . patricks day without green beer !
oh ? election day is tomorrow ! obama will obviously grab the early lead .. until the rest of us get off
thank you . lets make it happen . obama 4 more years . and get rig of the tea bag trash out our house so we
is it bad everytime hurricane sandy is mentioned i picture a pissed off olivia newton john ?!?
too bad you will miss hurricane sandy !
i think there are ging to be more goals in the 2 nd half ;)
go italy ! seal the deal now with another 2 in the second half .
my heart is with everyone in ottawa today i have lots of family there let's keep them safe !
condolences and prayers to everyone in ottawa for what they are going through . be safe !
the notion that journalists belong in a roped off pen is bushian , and counter intuitive to the role of journalists .
the feed is down on my end . my cue to sleep . gotta teach tomorrow . good night .
hurricane patricia spares mexican cities , roars through remote villages via
mt stand-by hurricane potential impact
these madonna tweets have me dying ! lmao !
need tom brady and the pats to turn it up , because i refuse to witness another win .
good morning ! how was the match last night spain vs portugal ?
yeehh ! spain won against portugal in the semi-finals with 0 (4)-0(2) game ! spain !
anyone know if anyone is providing phone chargers for free to protestors ?
editorial in today's china times (taiwan) claims jimmy lai's end goal is actually to become chief .
gaurantee korea is behind what happend in boston
what a sick world this is . praying for boston .
video : man who filmed people fleeing bataclan whizzy_walexzy
bbc - video : man who filmed people fleeing bataclan
tragic news . day starts with hope with myanmar elections and is now ending with mindless violence in france . thoughts are with paris .
i always wanted to go to paris too , gonna be way harder now
i hope you all had a great st patrick's day yesterday !
great ! hope everyone's heads are ok today !
i'm fucking sick on st patricks day and there's a gas leak or some shit in my house
dr . g is in the st . patricks day spirit !
today i go from watching the program and fwding through the commercials , to fwding through the program to watch the commercials
what healthy food are you bringing to the party ?
psychic pig correctly predicts results at the euro 2012 (video)
most of us hammered the ref earlier ( rightly so ) - but if he didn't order the retake of gerrard's free-kick we
happy st . patrick's day twp ! washington township public schools have a 2 hour delayed opening this morning .
penny's prek teacher tip - go green ! be green today ! paint , color , eat , and drink green ! happy st . patrick's day !
my bitch sandy don't give me no more sex !
watch it not even be close to a hurricane but rainy couple of days
south tampa business owners , organizations react to boston bombing : nucci medical clinic , llc : thoughts and pr
i am so sad for my hometown . my heart goes out to the families and friends of the victims
happy everyone ! found some cocktails to help unwind after work ! please
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! tomorrow will be rough :)
happy st . patricks day !!! m /
happy st . patrick's day , michelle !
to all of the jordan clan 'happy st patricks day '
happy st patrick's day - could do with a few pints of the green stuff right now !
think people dying of ebola should b given tablets 2 use social media if can't cure we can listen comfort remember them in there last moment
sierra leone's top ebola doctor is dead from ebola via /r/worldnews
he just had a case of st patricks day over confidence .. happens around this time every year .
st patricks day , drink as much guiness as you can !
hi jason ! sandy won't mess with us tonight , and flight is scheduled to depart on time . thanks for choosing icelandair ! :)
if this hurricane fuck my house up ..me and my pops gone die cause we got no resources
after a hurricane , come a rainbow ala katy perry . picture via in manhattan
shark seen in new jersey after hurricane sandy hit photos and video : as hurricane sandy hits new york , us star
prosecutors say the co-pilot on a downed germanwings flight intentionally crashed the plane .
co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings flight : prosecutor | news | dw .de | 26.03 .2015
big party here at hq . waiting for the potus to speak
america , i think i'm pretty proud . texas , i think you need to lock it up before the next election !
sweden and ukraine are scoreless at half time !
this is much more exciting than fra-eng .
st . patrick's day is the only explanation i can come up with lol .
hope u have a cool st . patricks day
fox news is literally going through the 5 stages of grief right now . denial first .
ha ! fox news is now saying that the results are questionable . what election are they talking about !!!
sandy slams into new jersey , swamps lower manhattan - washington post
sandy slams into new jersey , swamps lower manhattan - washington post : the nationsandy slams into new jersey , sw
i feel like going to . be strong ottawa . our hearts are with you .
ottawa public library teen author festweb : free open to
due to hurricane sandy , the announcement of the filmmaker competition semifinalists is delayed until 11 /7. more info :
things are looking more promising than they were 3 hours ago . blame sandy not wkcr
# new york homes and businesses hit by looters : new york home and business owners h
superstorm sandy swipers : new york homes and businesses hit by looters
just want to chill , eat some pizza and watch the
i'm not a sporty person at all , wouldn't even think about watching it but for some reason i have to watch the
may you all have luck , especially today . happy st . patrick's day !
i could not possibly care less about st . patricks day
the eu suffocates small and medium business
that said , i would argue that , objectively and taken as a whole , the cost /benefit analysis favours .
i didn't know today was st .patricks day
just because it's st patrick's day , just simple and waow ! via
morning kevin thanks 4 ur brilliant journalism through
i hope braveheart was on the telly in scotland tonight
i dont believe there was a hurricane this week . i believe that the government wants us to think there was a hurricane
kansas supports east coast in sandy's aftermath : topeka , kan . -- the civilian incident management team
are you happy now ?! i'm italian but i'm very happy to have won obama !
niall has such a man crush on obama
patricia lynchif you hold a four-leaf shamrock in your left hand at dawn on st . patrick's day you get what you want very much but
is becoming more and more like christmas . celebrating the day for the wrong reasons . who's is he anyway ? .
he's got my vote from the uk
when people say vote for what's best for our country , they mean vote for romney right ?
i'm all for suicide prevention and seeking help if needed . but if you really must kill yourself , don't take others with you .
watch : (led by crisis firm responds quickly to revelations
buildings collapse , at least four killed as 7.9 quake hits nepal , india-witnesses : by gopal sharma kathmandu (
buildings collapse , at least four killed as 7.9 quake hits nepal , india-witnesses a girl died after a statue fell
miami is finally in touch with the fall season 3 yes , 67 degrees is cold for us !
madden flow while i can . lol
watching the news . shame on the immature dumbasses who make light of the hurricane sandy situation . some things aren't funny
daddy willard warbucks vs sandy : little orphan annie's dog pisses on his leg , big time .
what are all of you beautiful people doing for st . patrick's day ?
well to a beautiful st patricks day :-) :-)
happy st . patrick's day deals from whirlyball . :d#constantcontact
miss out on the st . patrick's day fun uptown this weekend ? here's a look :
happy st . patrick's day ! come in for a great or some fun !
my outfit for st .patricks day keeping it
did freddy really not know it was st . patricks day tomorrow ..
perfect for st patrick's day ! thanks for all your support !
enjoy the sunny , dry weather today because rain and storms return to the forecast for our st . patrick's day .
i may be the other person ever to hate st patricks day .
here's a hero . doctor leading ebola fight gets infected via
how does auckland hospital care for ?chief doctor fighting ebola contracts virus -world - nz herald news via
tip - documentarians : kony 2012 achieved its goal : even at sxsw in austin , t - -
from documentarians : kony 2012 achieved its goal : even at sxsw in austin , texas , k via
all life is precious ! happy st . patricks day from delaney !!
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at skagit !
nepal earthquake : young , underprivileged girls help survivors
did nothing for the people of nepal not impressed
talking babymake it stop please etradespeed dating ?!
bobby ? bobby ? im speed dating .
its more than enough opportunity and fun at it's different from any other event that i've been too .
for the people asking about where the vans on video is on demand go to music then go to music picks then go to sxsw
dharahara tower , a 19 th century nine-storey tall tower in kathmandu , has collapsed , say reports .
huge earthquake in nepal . casualties reported in india as well .
my office for the day until sandy scares me away from the window
winds are picking up outside .everyone stay safe !
fuck standing in line for sum jordans , stand in line for obama .
romney would repeal the dodd-frank bill , which regulates the risky practices that led to the '08 crisis .
me : 'oh, sounds like there was a suicide bomb in lahore ' mum : 'eh, happens ' [later] mum : 'they blew up christians ' me : 'and?'
at least 72 killed in suicide blast as terror revisits lahore tragic dastardly
st . patrick's day . on a monday ! !!! going to need a drink or 2 tonight .
happy st patrick's day ! who's your favourite irish act ? this is mine
: uber backtracks on price hikes during sydney drama : the company explained that it had used
isbpl : uber backtracks on price hikes during sydney drama : the company explained that it had used automa
met people from ireland that came just to see the river dyed green . so drunk .
st patrick's day is on monday .and this guy has tuesdays off ..hehe
sitonthehood : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
today out thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the tragedy of paris .
wreckage believed to be from a us marine helicopter missing in nepal since tuesday has been found
wreckage of a u .s. marine helicopter that went missing has been found in . has the latest at 9 a :
happy st . patricks day too . and thanks for skype chat with me . :)
have a great day harold love the green day of st patrick's day !! :d xx have a good one !!
donateing a lot of things to the victims of hurricane sandy . also will be offering my free time and employees to help clean up ss and a .c
could you please share party with purpose's sandy relief donation link ? thank you !
social media , authenticity and barack obama - 3 very powerful forces - here's the facts
but atleast i woke up to some good news that romney lost
the video is a red herring to skew public debate and taint any potential jury pool .
view of thrust michael brown shooting to national attention via new york times
americans celebrating st .patrick's day is like me celebrating the independence day of mongolia , complete opposites .
working on my wheels today .. happy st .patrick's day
on behalf of the staff of toby's we would like to wish you all a happy st patrick's day
happy saint patrick's day to all my irish friends if you wanna share some of your irish luck you know where i am !
binding eu laws for uk total law control in brussels , gov didnt put this on leaflet
ok , corbyn is opportunist trash for pretending eu is good for the uk - but really need to prove cameron is pretending too
new article : global markets-asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks read more at here
rtrs : global markets-asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks
that's so crazy about hurricane sandy
lol why u have 2 od , they were extremely good . hoping the hurricane didnt destroy the place ,that would change my life forever
sandy is kinda messing with my money though .
we're getting ready 4 sandy , the first unique megastorm of the 21 st c . warned this would happen many years ago
it annoys me that people make more of a fuss over st . patrick's day than st . george's day .
5 spots for your own st . patrick's day 'pot of gold ': you don't need four-leaf clovers , leprechauns or even th
i 3 obama we closer to legalize the weed love our president
now if only he met obama . . ^.^
is st . patricks day today ? :d
man crown and coke for st patricks day
thoughts and prayers to all hostages and their families in sydeny seige .
thoughts and prayers to all of the hostages , their family , friends and everyone effected
you should storify all of the tweets that have nothing to do with it for the next issue of
enough crap bring on and some baseball !
sandy hit your beaches yet ?
transportation watch : if hurricane sandy's frankenstorm winds top : if hurricane sandy's frankenstorm winds to
here are a few of the many ways we are a 'green' company . happy st . patrick's day everyone !
happy st patricks day !! listen to this song about salford !!
sandyu whore gonna blow the whole northeast and squirt on everyone
i have a feeling that hurricane sandy is gonna hit near
you can atleast respect those who are affected by and cancel your political rally in ohio . people first politics later .
now that the hurricane is gone nothing is exciting anymore ..
delmar wins st . patricks day
i ain't even peep today was st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from dr . abboud-niemczyk !
evening one and all , happy st patricks day xx
whoever created that hurricane sandy page obviously has a lot of spare time on their handsi can barely keep up with my
hurricane sandy letting y'all get prepared !
updated : egyptair plane has been hijacked
retweeted bbc breaking news some passengers leaving hijacked egyptair plane at larnaca airport ,
or where you come from or what you look like or where you love . it doesn't matter of you're black or white or hispanic or asian
you think obama has what it takes to in his second term ?
that's what happens when casting a vote might actually make some sort of noticable change (or not )
. how would affect magical government structures ? 2 ministers of magic ? passport check on hogwarts express ?
whoever posts on barack obama's twitter has been really annoying tonight .
whats more annoying then political commercials at this point is reading the 500 th time people post the obama early lead joke
indiegrindtv news thundercat and mono /poly release track as their tribute to paris attacks
crown vic news thundercat and mono /poly release track as their tribute to paris attacks
my semi final guess , sweden -spain , holland -germany ..
either germany or france to win b )
first bbq of sxsw at blue ribbon on 4 th & brazos w / - man that's good ! takin ' notes
cheers to everyone headed to this year . i won't be joining you , but i trust you'll hold down the fort for me . it's much appreciated !
bloomberg is worth billions , share the wealth and stop the power grabs . what a hypocrite ! he could afford generators for folks !
ap : appalachian trail hiker stranded in snowstorm is rescued : -cc
think spain are gonna struggle with not playin a striker
spain with no strikers i see . oh fernando .
i'm already sick of st . patrick's day
a little inspiration for st patrick's day
no school monday or tuseday because hurricane sandy .
lmfao hurricane sandys tweets are funny ..
if your black ass had autism you'd probably be shot by a officer
watching ..this shit is cray !. po po taking shit way too far for my comfort .#stoptheviolence#smh#ripbrown
yep . that is a camel . in the back of the truck . welcome to
looks like somebody bought some fancy new cowboy boots for sxsw ? :p
canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman : in the hours after unete a
canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman : in the hours after the shooting , the police h
happy st . patrick's day ! see you all at church ?
happy st . patrick's day ! head to for a little luck of the irish !
big hug to our friends at the nfl ! and players ' union will donate $1 million to red cross after storm :
watch cbs 11 from 4 p -6p today and participate in donation drive with and thanks
our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in ottawa and everyone affected by this horrible act that has taken
is in ottawa on saturday . i'm sure that point of view will be very popular
i didn't even realize today was st . patricks day what
happy st .patricks day from koda !
here are some testimonials from muslims about
europe pays tribute to victims of w / js bach beethoven via
if you're not voting obama then i can only assume you are severely disabled
it's so many people that's not registered to vote but yelling team obama !
hurricane sandy - how will this storm affect metal odyssey ?
next flicking hurricane or tropical storm i coming nassau , i swear !!!! n bey i so worried bout daddy jahh knooo
happy st patricks day , beware of amateurs '
is pretty excited for st . patrick's day ;)
i find marking yourself safe in nepal and not being in nepal distasteful and disrespectful .
said my prayers especialy now for the derailed train ,,and nepal . good morning . makes me think how blessed i am ,warm and safe here .
150 people injured and 3 killed in boston terror attack .
there is so much evil in this worldmy heart is breaking for you , bostonpraying for you relentlessly .
winds , rain herald typhoon hagupit : cnn's andrew stevens reports from near tacloban , philippines , wh
winds , rain herald typhoon hagupit : cnn's andrew stevens reports from near tacloban , philippines , where the outer bands of typhoon ha
will you come to paris one day ?
refugee crisis in germany : after paris terror attacks , merkel stands firm on ope . related articles :
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/z55c1izlxq
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m07evbieq6
co-pilot suggested captain take break before germanwings crash
co-pilot suggested captain take break before germanwings crash : the co-pilot responsible for the germanwings c
st patricks day was fun how did i do with my look ?
hope everyone survived st patrick's day :)
two hostages were killed in , five wounded including police offi via
glad to hear is over . my thoughts go out to the families who have deceased or injured loved ones .
if your not irish , why you saying happy st patricks day ?
you should follow me bc its st patricks day
the irish language is for life , not just for st patrick's day as celebrations take place around the
st patrick wasn't even irish so .. your argument is not valid .
just heard the horrifying news out of brussels . stay strong . sending love to everyone there . g
independent : eyewitnesses describe brussels attacks aftermath as a 'war scene '
has now stopped live coverage of martin place lindt
hostages held in sydney cafe , islamic flag seen in window : local tv : sydney , australia - december 15 : armed po
portugal really are being entertainingly shite this evening . or do they know something about their banks ? bravo , either way .
how did he miss that sitter !!
eerie : the empire state is the only light in the sky (at new york city marble cemetery )
hah , the lights flickered but no black out . take that sandy .
how come sandy gone an it still windy
(nc) hurricane sandy to impact the mid atlantic coast tonight through monday night heavy rain from hurricane
50 cent to headline 'shady 2.0 sxsw showcase ': 50 will perform his debut get rich or die tryin ' in via
via : 50 cent to headline 'shady 2.0 sxsw showcase ': 50 will perform his debut get rich or die tryin ' in its
i think i want the patriots to win just because they have england in their name
prediction : brady , patriots steamroll the giants tonight . however , i'd like to see a ny win !
waking up finding out obama one made my dam day !!!!
obama is gonna do his part we have to do ours
mayor bloomberg : cars with less than 3 people banned from manhattan bridges from 6 am to midnight till friday !
i'm sorry i just miss my xbox and sandy took advantage of me
i added a video to a playlist philippines braces for typhoon hagupit animated
philippines braces for typhoon hagupit animated : via
all cities are on high alert for what happened in paris everybody be careful !
baltimore , cities across the world on high alert after paris attacks
tragedy ' we thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in paris .
out of respect for the victims in paris , i will not be posting any digitals and probably only news of paris .
so i really want at least one day of school to be cancelled this week cuz of sandy .
hurricane sandy better fuck some shit up , i'm really not trying to go to school
i hold the president responsible for his lack of anti-hurricane leadership .
can we name the next hurricane , hurricane chris ?
i hope hurricane sandy brings patrick and spongebob
where did this hurricane sandy come from ?! doesn't it know its fl /ga weekend ? .. it's cool though gators like the swa
happy st . patricks day from team pendley !!
ty for the rt . have a great week !happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! if i didn't have an interview tomorrow i'd be getting the rounds in . maybe next year !
thank you my friend ! have a happy st . patrick's day too !
i'm drooling over the dresses and so happy to see the st . patricks day sale !
happy st . patrick's day from fototime !
i know one thing , sandy not keeping me away from that cafe lol
y'all stating safe up there betty ? checking the latest update on and seeing that the storm is just getting started .
what's up : paris attacks : 'imagine' pianist reveals moving story behind le bataclan performance
paris attacks : 'imagine' pianist reveals moving story behind le bataclan performance : the mysterious pianist w
st patricks ' s day pub brewery
only i would get sick on st . patricks day
where are you ? are you still in london missing sandy !!
having to put everything that's outside inside cause of a bitch named sandy
obama has put america in $50,000,000,000,000 dept
the good thing about obama getting four more years is that he cannot blame anyone for anything , this is all about results now .
good game by portugal we are looking good
disappointing start to still 2 more games
: lufthansa chief says 'don't know yet what happened ' to crashed germanwings flight , reports
[alert] lufthansa chief says 'don't know yet what happened ' to crashed germanwings flight [afp]
happy st . patrick's day ! back from sb08 in nyc with kathryncoop
happy st . patrick's day ! stop by the office for some delicious waffles !! :)
tweet ____ : happy st patrick's day !!!! :d
happy st . patrick's day ! check out this week's hours here :
just waking up ? catch up on news and all the best coverage from around scotland here (h/t
really pleased with the result in - great news !
happy st patricks day to all my friends and family have a great da
happy st patrick's day - world class bodybuilding forum
what would be the right response ? because this is a barbaric act
fickle friends expected setlist-could be wrong-swim-play-paris-say no mowatch ==
why are they dispersing people when there is no longer a curfew .
people being arrested in . the curfew is not yet in effect .
elviis watch : deadly amtrak crash in philadelphia , nepal earthquake aftermath , indy 500 car flips during prac
watch : deadly amtrak crash in philadelphia , nepal earthquake aftermath , indy 500 ca
wrong ppl smh the dellwood police department has now been broken into .#ferguson
since when do we trust the media ????
camp pendleton copter missing in nepal nepal earthquake
photo : camp pendleton copter missing in nepal nepal earthquake :
barrack obama the breakers part 2 beat battle
waking up to obama being our president
happy st . patrick's day , from dublin borchard-young and all of us here at by experience !
great picture depending on your view . happy st . patricks day to you .
this is exactly what the globalists want to see after pulling a attack .
cleveland city councilman brian cummins ' wife and daughter were at brussels airport during attack via
how does an irish dancer go to school the day after st patricks day ???
what the fuck maybe the some school kids have the day off because day after st patricks day idk man
iowa is going for - by a lot more than people thought it would . has the momentum because he has the plan
ok , hold everything , honey boo boo endorses romney - his average voter mindset so !
being a fan of a german driver certainly comes in handy for the anthem
one does not simply believe that half the players don't their own national anthem . it is folly .
merci ! your new office chart makes my st .patrick's day perfect !
enjoy 50 % off all wines on our bottle list . we also have corned beef sliders tonight and cocktail specials to celebrate st . patrick's day .
video : what we know about paris attackers | bbc
paolo sorrentino , harvey keitel share thoughts on paris , immigration and the power of films : dire
as a conservative , i pray us never has to endure isis as france has . you are vile to even suggest such
bernie sanders is actively attempting to connect hilary's vote from 15 years ago to the attacks in paris . seriously , bernie ?
pilot was locked out of cockpit when germanwings flight crashed , reports say hey !
pilot was locked out of cockpit when germanwings flight crashed , reports say
i feel like a bus ran me over while it was trying to run away from sandy .
sandy tried to play us thou
happy saints patrick day to everyone and have fun lol :)
happy saint patrick's day to you too desa
that was faith hill ?!? my god , someone needs better pr .
had to mute the tv when faith hill appeared . so embarrassing !
hurricane sandy is a hint from god that he wants you all to be mermaids for halloween
omg hurricane sandy is bloody terrible
earthquake while i'm at cvs at 6 :25 in the morning . happy saint patricks day !
top 'o the morning ! happy saint patrick's day everyone ! have an awesome day !
the terms of a deal always favour the larger party - on a post-brexit negotiation
journalist shares a story about overwhelmed maternity wards which made her chose
romney you didn't even win your own state .. what does that tell you
obama won wooo i am on cloud nine . someone call romney and tell him he lost .
guess republicans lost that joke about obama gaining a big lead till they got off work must've worked a double
obama won what are you talking about ?
happy st . patrick's day ! send someone you love green carnations from schneider's florist !
i just really don't give a damn about the st . patricks day crap .
prime minister condemns boston bombings . expresses his solidarity with the american people in the struggle against terrorism .
praying for those in boston , especially for the people who saw the explosion and ran toward it to help .
wow was able to change my flight for free on monday . pretty sweet having status . wonder if hurricane will delay flight though .
you mean to say google can't move the hurricane ?
if scotland leaves , will the tax on scotch eggs go up ?
all that waiting tomorrow we'll knowintrigued to find out what decision the people of have made
sunshack tanning salon will be closed : monday , october 29 th tuesday , october 30 due to hurricane sandy . we hope
us stock markets closed monday due to hurricane sandy
paris attacks and data protection . nice recap of
dekalb : france ids top figure in paris attack
sxsw 2012 : fun . talks 'glee' and topping the billboard charts at the mtvu woodie awards !
one night stand | the dirty heads closed out sxsw 2012 to a max capacity crowd at wahoo's - rio grande in austin !
isis won't attack the u .s they're a bunch pussies they attack us they're just gonna wake the sleeping beast
somersert oh , so that must justify the attacks on paris then ?|r.r
my thoughts go out to the east coast . i hope everyone kept the out of their vagina
a new favortite hurricane sandy hip hop mix by wizdom music on
police say three people killed (including suspect ), four hurt in .
- -- police say 34 -year-old man and 38 -year-old woman are among 3 dead in hostage crisis
lets all stand against terrorists and their sympathizers !
gunfire and explosions heard from printworks at dammartin-el-goele . looks like police have rushed terrorists .
i barely realized that tomorrow was st . patricks day
tomorrow st . patrick's day ? wtf
r .i.p to the two brave souls that died heroes
there was a 9 hour one in west melbourne , not related to the sydney one though
mrs obama , we love you .
bbc one live at obama speech . on air shortly
12 killed including 2 police officers in attack in according to french police
paris shooting : french president says several terrorist attacks thwarted in recent weeks - ap
bob beckel , why don't you just quit eating so much 4 one day that should feed all the victims 4 a week !
the sandy hurricane aftermath breaks my heart :'(
well that's if sandy don't fuck me over .
i thought sandy was over it is fucking pouring outside
st . patrick's day with my babygirl
let's take a moment for all those people who think today is st patricks day
a glimpse into what was happening today a little help and care goes a long way .
mouse over the pics for before and after sandusky hurricane
i'm hungry and i have bags under my eyes and i got a extension on my midterms work due to hurricane sassy bu
i cannot go to work until further notice . they have no power and i have no train access to get there . no paycheck next week either .
monday morning weightroom consensus : the game was amazing & the commercials were not .
reading about the and getting excited about ! madonna won't sing halfway thru our episode
a week on from the paris attacks , the front pages focus on the fightback against is , while the assau
a week on from the paris attacks , the front pages focus on the fightback against is , while the assault by an i
paris attacks may unsettle eu's debate on migration -
texas - trump : paris attack would have been different with more guns
west africa : ebola - un agency to help west africa coordinate response to 'unprecedented' outbreak [un news ]west
ebola : un agency to help west africa coordinate response to unprecedented outbreak : west african countrie (un)
st patrick's day today ! enjoy jon mac's karaoke tonight
we couldn't resist one more st . patrick's day posting . this is too cute and there is some good advice
yes it does . donate blood and forget the prayers .
totally doing this tomorrow . love to my friends in boston .
nepal earthquake : inside archale , a village left in ruins from
nepal earthquake : inside archale , a village left in ruins : as nepal struggles to cope with the aftermat (telg)
the only thing i want to know about this iranian gunman is if he is dead or not .
rip to the one hostage who sadly died today in the . the gunman can quite frankly go rot in hell .
so sorry indonesian president is bussy today , he don't know about
people always generalize muslims as terrorists .
i want the to win , but boy an game-winning td would make my day !
i really don't care who wins the but seeing people get really into the game amuses me .
superstorm sandy tv reporter gets ambushed - gangnam style : a local tv weather reporter in norfolk , virginia is
superstorm sandy tv reporter gets ambushed - gangnam style : a local tv weather reporter in norfolk ,
thanx sweety !! happy st patrick's day to you ! ;)
happy st . patricks day bae . i hope its perfect .
bbc essex : uk to assess paris attacks aftermath
french search for friends , shelter online after paris attacks .
oops . blew up my tumblr with obama's greatness .
probably . economically i lean romney's way , but i had far too many problems with his stance on several social issues .
the big lesson of : connectivity matters in an emergency : this column is personal . after a scary ni forbes
business news - the big lesson of : connectivity matters in an emergency : this column is personal . after a
it doesn't make sense to me why people must be so ruthless . my heart goes out to the people in paris .
i'm hearing crazy talk about not allowing muslims to enter western nations , but i don't see how that would have prevented the .
i will vote for u ff back pls
if romney wins , i'm gonna have a 4 year long sleepover at my nana's house in the uk . anyone want to join ?
gtop hurricane sandy : storm threat to key us election week - bbc news : bbc newshurricane sandy : storm threa gtop
might as well cop this speed boat for the hurricane
happt st .patricks day niall , i love you
the best pic for st . patricks day !
yea but your boy obama sure does love the blacks in nyc , letting them starve .
obama sends almost identical article to both cnn and wsj :#obama=outofideas
oh no ! we gonna have a hurricane !!!!
new hurricane center outlook stays the course . sandy goes south of we'll get wind , rain but maybe not extreme .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eaiyql9rye
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pxowt12tr5
these hurricane twitter accounts phony as shit doe but ard
i'm kind of scurred for this hurricane tomorrow !!
ginola : 'i see ronaldo being in paris '
charlie hebdo releases defiant cover after paris attacks
truther news : keynesian : hurricane sandy good for economy : kurt nimmo | instead of honest money and
can't wait . need a little hurricane sandy relieve .
sandy and irene must have been bffs
thinkin ' bout all of our east coasters ! stay safe . show sandy what's up .
came ashore yesterday and the administration managed to refrain from blaming it on the video or george bush !
we wish for our friends , fans and comrades hit by 100 % recovery of your loved ones , homes , pets , belongings and
it's very easy to expect .. germany who will face spain in the final
looks like buffon has accepted some deutsch marks
happy st . patrick's day !! they took this of me at daycare today !!
awkward work selfies for st . patrick's day !
i love sandy . she's the best dog ever
wow watching the natalie walking through hoboken , is devastating . sandy what a bitch ! heart prayers for everyone effected . 3
brazilian makes video during earthquake in nepal
please stop talking about nepal if you're going to be ignorant :))) :))) :))) :)))
did the arbiters of social media good taste who spent the day scolding people for tweeting anything not-boston say it was okay to reconvene ?
deep condolences and incident . no matter what , people have no right to do such awful things of taking t
snooki and celebs tweet hurricane sandy - warner gentry's blog
and i guess everyone's power in nyc is out now . stay safe everyone .
apparently theres a hurricane coming our way
a hurricane named randy would probably be the funniest shit ever to happen to weather
every time you can send mitt romney back to the state level , that's the right direction . and total irrelevancy ? even better .#election2012
no matter your political views , you can go to bed knowing who your president is , let's be thankful for that .
sandy slams east coast ; millions in dark - widespread outages as superstorm leaves 16 dead , coastal regions inundate
wow . massive rain storm here . i can only imagine what it must be like to be caught in
tomorrow . tomorrow is st . patrick's day .
no brewster selectman's meeting tomorrow - st . patrick's day all
happy st . patrick day . you can follow me please ? x6
happy st . patrick's day from westhost !
this barack obama guy prolly has a huge future in politics .
i'm convinced that half the ppl voting for romney are only voting because he is an republican that's how they were raised !they not listening
spain vs italy - it will epic game this tonight !!!;)
spain vs italy is gonna be a sick game
how government officials used twitter for , by
according to rw media , only thing happening right now is their delusional benghazi 'cover up ' fantasy . no hurricane , nothing else
thoughts go out to everyone affected by the events last night in paris .
unsurprisingly , england's friendly with france is set to be cancelled after horrifying events in paris last night
does anyone knows the government repatriation plans of once the conflict in is over ?
it's amazing what bayern are doing for the refugees
now reading google's pending algorithm update to penalize over-optimized content : last week during a sxsw panel
google's pending algorithm update to penalize over-optimized content : last week during a sxsw pane via
i hope you all had a green st patricks day
feeling the effects of st patricks day !
you need to and i'm also freaking out because of boston i mean seriously this is horrible and stuff is escalating
my heart goes out to boston . i will never understand the horrible viciousness of senseless violence .
happy st . patricks day from all of us here at the ski club of ireland
happy st . patricks day everyone , live from the parade in dublin !
i got a picture with obama u jel ?
and dear people who claimed to be moving out of the country if pres . obama won a second term , go .
you are far to kind . thank you :-) happy st patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day to the irish part of yourself !
just seen snow for the first time this season . i love winter . thanks
i was in a hurricane in florida in 2001 . hurricane dennis , as you can tell by his name he was a naughty chap !
ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) -
ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : by carolyn cohn and chris vella
waiting for sun to see what it looks like outside .
how long do you give it before the first hurricane sandy scam appears online ? am i becoming an old cynic ?
happy st . patrick's day to both of you . :d
happy st . patrick's day ! send us your photos and slices of
happy st . patrick's day ! pharm economics exam today
happy st . patrick's day ! remember to wear green .
missing infosys employee confirmed dead after brussels attack
infosys staffer confirmed dead in brussels attack
ibiznews 21 : nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
brookstimmons : nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
no one seems to be taking this hurricane seriously . it's better to be safe then sorry .
the hurricane sandy account is so hilarious i'm crying
we're waiting for pm press conference on the tragic developments . we're planning to bring it to you live .
thoughts are with sydney , martin place and all the people involved especially the 2 innocent people who lost
watch live : house judiciary hearing on syrian refugee crisis | video | realclearpolitics
in case you're worried we're just letting anyone in !
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emerge
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises
hope everyone in path of hurricane sandy comes through ok , goodnight all . x
how many more of these unfunny hurricane sandy tweets do i have to see on my timeline ?
why does st . patrick's day matter when it's the day after spring break ended ?
happy st . patrick's day to all ! its green day :)
jiwa mines minerals analysis : obama re-election driven by economy , turnout : washington (reuters) - growing optim
what scares me is that they got obama . we're fielding balls , twigg and a brace of millibands . i wouldn't buy a used c
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kxpmj3txsw
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bnpxql1hxh
happy st .patricks day too one sexy ass irish girl names
it's spring break and today is st . patricks day and i'm stuck at my house with absolutely nothing to do !!
in private conference call , ryan tells evangelicals that obama threatens 'judeo-christian values ': hmm . not sur
in private conference call , ryan tells evangelicals that obama threatens 'judeo-christian values ': hmm .
this morning airs as an 'alternative to the horrific news ' after brussels attack
officials : at least 1 dead in brussels airport explosions | brussels airport
whoever you pray to , keep the people on the path of hurricaine sandy in your prayers .
only matter of time b4 a terminally ill weather man shoots himself into hurricane w / helmet cam . still loses rat
sandy flooding mcdonald's ? all them good nuggets and sauces going to waste ?! as hell nawl !
so where dat bitch sandy
what odds , saw 20 /1 floating around earlier
the italian player 'jackareeny' is surely a joke right ?
happy st . patrick's day ! check out this short history of our beloved celebration :
someday , when i have my 5 ginger children st . patricks day will be heavily celebrated even though i'm 0 % irish .
okay these hurricane sandy tweets are hilarous .
are these hurricane sandy tweets supposed to be funny or
dr . sheik khan , whom is leading the fight against the ebola outbreak in west africa , has become its latest vic
weird : dr . sheik khan , whom is leading the fight against the ebola outbreak in west africa , has become its latest
this greece cezch game is terrible . so much flopping and acting . give credit to the ref for a play on mentality .
greece are easily the worst team in can't create anything !
so nuts that there was so much damage done from hurricane sandy
video : what happened to new york rats during hurriane sandy (did they drown ?)
attention viewers - our late news begins tonight at 11 :10pm. latest on , including what local leaders are watching for .
i've always wanted to be wanna them news anchors , outside during a hurricane damn near getting blown away .
happy st . patricks day , loving the google doodle :)
happy st patricks day lovely people xx
i'm so asian i forgot it was st .patrick's day tomorrow lol
i literally can't believe it's already st .patricks day tomorrow . this year is going to continue to fly by and be over before we know it .
my , your , our beautiful first lady for the secondd timee ! !
or mitt romney could hold the flowbie . he is both robotic and available . i'm going to go hide from norder for a bit now .
is it true that they named a hurricane after a spongebob character ? they must be running out of names lol
so you're saying me you and are the cause of hurricane sandy ?
channel nine journalist lisa wilkinson visiting paris during attack
here's a bit of background from that hasbarist rag the new statesman . read the second paragraph .
10 more creative startup promotions at sxsw : earlier we published 10 cool things startups were doing to pro
10 more creative startup promotions at sxsw : earlier we published 10 cool things startups were doing to promote
british airways cancels flights to hurricane-hit us northeast : british airways cancelled all flights to new york on sunday and will s
india news british airways cancels flights to hurricane-hit us northeast
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tqcg1wdf3i
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4uqfi8uxo3
i'm still lost as to why ronaldo didn't kick in the penalties .
how can a team with so many talented attacking players and torres be so negative ?!
seeing all the romney supporters at their 'victory' party on the news .get it up you
romney is the party of todd akin . obama is the party of elizabeth warrengreat is what it is .
dun even know why . there's a hurricane coming and i ain't even mad bro cuz my grades .
hurricane .frankenstorm they call it b /c halloween i believe and another perfect storm
tomorrow : nepal earthquake relief fundraiser at -
: free train travel for nepal earthquake victims : free train travel for nepal earthquake vict
rt horrific bombs are now heard all over gaza . children are no more sleeping .
and are really effecting me more than i expected
st .patrick day events still rollin
haha it's all good . it's only st . patricks day . i gotta fix my body first . since india i've had problems .
all these people votin obama so they'll keep gettin food stamps .
it really pisses me off when people who know nothing talk about how obama should win . you know nothing .
talked on the phone with about the syrian situation and they agreed to meet in 10 days in the climate conference in
from tc-france :,how teachers are talking to their students about the paris attacks via
our public appeal to all those stranded in disastrous earthquake in nepal
nepal earthquake : how to help : the death toll from nepal's earthquake has surpassed 2,500 people , with thousan
i'm not even about to fake i'm kind of scared about this hurricane thing .
that hurricane is supposed to affect into my part of ohio and looks like the line ends around cambridge ,oh
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hcdgk9jont
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/iuzzsbe5p8
so obama won the elections .yep, good fo him interested
so glad obama won didn't trust mitt the tit :-)
the 3 party leaders back parliament's consultation on a new magna carta /written constitution-seize this moment ,engage
hang on . it's been called the bank of england all this time . why the hell have we let scotland have any of our pounds anyway ?
well we went blackbut will we go back ?
why couldn't the prez election be decided on a best of 5 paper-rocks-scissors event ?
world briefing : sierra leone : doctor leading fight against ebola catches the virus
yourweightdefineyou : world briefing : sierra leone : doctor leading fight against ebola c
october 30 th : sandy and the election , and more
bring it on , hurricane ! wait , where's the hurricane ?
my sister is crying because she's scared of hurricane sandy . i don't know whether to laugh or cry .
yea man , from the same night after the hurricane .. u ?
makes me embarrassed to be a scot . shocking . language warning : abuse hurled by loyalists in glasgow
so cameron works a u-turn on devolution then blames it on labour ! should have seen that coming over the fucking hills .
didn't even know it was st . patricks day tomorrow
do you have family traditions for st . patrick's day ? what are they ?
you know gomez is serious when he puts his hair back
huh did i just hear the commentator say the ref is a muti-millionaire o_0
happy st . patrick's day to all . the day everyone seems to be at least half irish .
happy st patricks day to from chicago just outside
if bill clinton is behind obama then so am i ! clinton was the best damn president weve ever had . like i said we were goo
if obama doesn't become president until january .. does that mean we have no president right now , or ?
has anyone been hit by hurricane sandy ? :(
never going outside for gym when we're going to get hurricane sandy
so livid . how opportunistic pathetic of a human being do you have 2 b to take the surrogate babies from but leave the mothers behind
damn nepal got way more fucked up than i originally thought
it's so official y'all can check obama records !
the obama's take the stage , what a great family !
second major earthquake strikes nepal many thoughts to
a second massive earthquake strikes the already devastated nepal
cnn usnews : 'superstorm' could punish east coast : sandy dropped to tropical storm strength , but forecasts are om
us 'superstorm' could punish east coast : sandy dropped to tropical storm strength , but forecasts are ominous , us
happy st patrick's day to all the fello irish
happy st . patricks day from relax ireland
we should get st . patricks day off of school this is stupid
do they have to be irish to have a happy st patrick's day ? ; )
happy st . patrick's day yall !!!
goodmorning twitter peeps . happy st patricks day .
miracle babies rescued during nyc superstorm sandy : by dr . lisa dana posted in mom stories every baby is a mirac
miracle babies rescued during nyc superstorm sandy : by dr . lisa dana posted in mom stories every via
ibd /tipp final poll : obama 50.3 %, romney 48.7 % - o +1.6 vs . +1.3 pre-sandy . romney +6 with indys . party id : d +7
if romney , wins you can tell granma goodby !!!!!!!!!!!
great first , now . worst pundit and commentator . bad
first match of group b kicks off !
people only wanted obama to win cuhz they depend on welfare too much .
i'm hoping obama lets it all hang out and makes fl dj pimp with a limp the new press secretary .
billboard news : paris resident lenny kravitz on attacks : 'it could happen anywhere ': lenny kravitz talked abou
paris resident lenny kravitz on attacks : 'it could happen anywhere ': lenny kravitz talk | billboard
my boys make us proud :d :)
i said it before i'll say it again , samaras scares me , he looks like a scary looking girl from one of them horror films !
lol i just now realized today is st . patricks day
best part of st patrick's day shamrock shakes
if there is school monday i will hijack the bus and drive directly into the hurricane
despite her being a girl , will punch sandy in the nose to send her back to sea ?
unlike 2008, obama has mulled over both his terror tuesday kill list and acceptance speech today .
if obama loses , i think americans should know about this
obama says ''best is yet to come ''
yea really is there having riots at ole miss (university of mississippi ) burning obama posters and everything
romney won the more popular vote tho
obama sees voter mandate on taxes - carrie budoff brown and darren samuelsohn - via
happy st .patricks day ! from your friends at the canine crunchery !
st . patrick's day essentials : great friends , and a .
according to police didn't arrest 31 people , as they said ; they detained 78 .
read a cnn update about . it's terrifying when the least disturbing thing about a cnn article is the quality of the journalism .
springsteen , bon jovi , billy joel plan 'sandy' benefit
springsteen , bon jovi , billy joel plan 'sandy' benefit : natives of the hard wait 5 s ,pressskip ad
: check this video of last years sxsw when i went to texas .. filmed by
i like this post from sxsw - becoming superbetter : (via
our comment on today's media reporting of the plane crash :
alps plane crash : germanwings and lufthansa facing questions over the mental state of co-pilot : andreas lubitz
explosion heard during police operation in brussels borough of schaerbeek .
breaking : explosion heard during police operation in borough of :
riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels : a vigil for victims was overwhelmed by black-c
riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels : a vigil for victims was ove
pssssthey diner 3 o'clock !ade and lance and the potato special for st patricks day
top o ' the mornin ' to ya ! happy st . patrick's day everyone !
ebola is so serious and could wipe us out
the main problem with phoning in sick with ebola now is that if i did really catch it over the weekend no-one would believe me
happy st . patrick's day ! solid result ! :)
do you feel any different today ? happy st . patricks day .
does anyone know why we celebrate st . patricks day ?
happy st patricks day and everybody why not ?. x
: two violent hate crimes in marseille in wake of paris attacks : interior minister condemn
two violent hate crimes in marseille in wake of paris attacks : interior minister condemns sepa
cnn : brussels stories : grief for the dead , hope for the missing
dtn usa : brussels stories : grief for the dead , hope for the missing :
police say about 100 hostages at concert hall . - ap , sky news
reports 60 hostages in paris at concert hall . prayers .
prediction : will figure prominently in choosing to ignore and remain in office
um football players must be so confused by this whole frankenstorm thing since its the 1 st time anyone's cared about a hurricane in years .
don `t know what the fuss is about re obama `s victory , it was a likely scenario , americans tend to give their presidents 2 goes .
i voted ! now wth the fact tht obama needed ohio n ohio needed cincinnati n im from cincy n thts were i voted , i made ah difference :)
jana duty-r wins district attorney race in williamson county by 60 %.
eat a bowl of dick mitt romney
s /o to for getting caught in the hurricane today lofl , your safe now
hurricane sandy : the political fallout via
so sad to hear news of the terrible events in paris tonight . our thoughts are with the french people .
60 people dead in paris , dozens hostage , bomb the fucking isis bastards
happy st patricks day to everyone ! how are you representing your ?
happy st patrick's day to all , lovely parade in tramore today
support those affected by hurricane sandy ~
angry potomac river about to crest ! hurricane sandy really stirred it up !
reuters : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (
world news : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins
think i may still be dunk from yesterday , my head is feeling very fuzzy
thanks for the support , replies and rts , hope you had a great st . patrick's day .
it's holi and st patricks day drunk color wars anyone ?
hilton head st . patrick's day parade avoids bad weather , draws big crowds | local news | the
grindr creator on his new app , lesbian gaydar , amp ; more at sxsw [video]
venturebeat : grindr creator on his new app , lesbian gaydar , more at sxsw [video]: grindr is a huge success , a
ufc 171 and pre-st . patrick's day festivities saturday 3.15 .14 at the
i didn't even realize it was st patricks day until like an hour ago
how can people even joke about tragedies like the bombings in boston ?
people may throw stones at me , but to blow up other humans is inexcusable . tonight's star gazing is dedicated to boston .
happy st patricks day to my paddies
so i really didn't know today was st . patrick's day
please pray for those affected and the aid workers in nepal . check in with catholic relief services about how you
rip all the victims red cross : eight irish people missing in nepal after devastating earthquake via
flooding from hurricane patricia that made landfall in mexico today .
hurricane patricia has made landfall in mexico . here is a video from careyes showing what the conditions were like .
happy st . patrick's day from the dermascope team . have a great week !
happy st . patrick's day dermot !
hurricane sandy leaves cuba , haiti struggling to recover - (registration): hindu business li
hurricane sandy leaves cuba , haiti struggling to recover - (registration)
thanks to your over-the-top sensationalist like coverage of the i'm turning to for my news now .
amazing the dead gunman was not a victim in ottawa but had that been america , lawsuits would have been filed on behalf of the menace
u2 joins mourners at streetside vigil for those killed in paris attacks : their paris gigs were cance
deadline : u2 joins mourners at streetside vigil for those killed in paris attacks : their paris gigs were cance
that's how little david stern cares about the situation . can't even get the hurricane right
good job david stern . it's not hurricane katrina ..
as we dance our way into st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks early day
if europe could vote for either obama and romney i think obama would have win . we all hate romney here
i heard that if obama wins he is going to be president of all states except oklahoma so you can move there !!
[gma news ] suspected architect of paris attacks dead -washington post
just in : suspected architect of paris attacks dead -washingtonpost
happy st . patricks day from the only ginger wearing green
happy st . patrick's day everyone , please be safe
now that our hangovers are fading , let's take a look back at some st . patrick's day google logos from the past -
mom spark finds : diy st . patrick's day gifts -
some buildings collapse in nepal capital after 7.7 quake
texas $$ some buildings collapse in nepal capital after 7.7 quake - witnesses
it's st patricks day i'm not wearing green because fuck the system
come down to this evening and celebrate st patricks day with a 'shamrock' cocktail
finna come up in school blued out today cuz my boy obama bck in der !!!
obama didnt kill him , our army didand i wont give obama credit for that , any president wouldveand what else has he done ?
they really don't knowhurricane wilma hit my house and we lost our roofshe was only a tropical storm ..smh
prodigy i hope you and your family stay safe during hurricane sandy
here's to taking in a whole new view of boston's city streets this st . patrick's day . via
1 st stop boston for st . patricks day
great call by the umpire to let the referee know that was intentional grounding
intentional grounding ? and a safety ? sounds like things are going fairly decently for that one team .
top story : paris eyewitness describes terrorist attack see more
top story : here's how you can help victims of the paris terror attacks see more
storm ; 126 dead , mostly children (video) via
tony abbott admits asio failed to put gunman on any counter-terrorism watchlist
breaking ---- german state prosecutors ' office says germanwings co-pilot was a full grown zombie in the past but didn't know it .
just in : prosecutors say co-pilot had been treated for suicidal tendencies .
rt if we had just gotten every aka delta line for spr 2012 alone to vote for obama ..he'd win by a l
so can i ask all of you if obama doesn't win then what ?
you can promise anything : what i learned at sxsw
[sxsw] shearwater parish 3.14 .12: shearwater were high up on my list of groups to catch at sxsw . their new
american bullnose wishes you a happy st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day from the girls at pam's !
that police in aren't wearing badges or ids so might as well be civilianwhite people throwing teargas at kids ?
the folks did an amazing job organizing . march was a success filled with heartfelt speeches .
seems risky , especially if their readers are skeptical
this asshole tryin to curse my chipotle !!!!
happy st . patricks day , i hope you're all wearing green today 3
i was waiting for you to tweet this happy st patricks day babe get drunk and fuck me
irish-inspired st . patrick's day decor .
pssst st patricks day is tomorrow , not today
well jesus nd obama called me last night nd said tell that nigga john to watch his back !!
last nite obama should've came out to we done it again by jeezy .. 2 nd term my nigga
let your friends family know you're ok or locate your loved ones with google's person finder for boston explosions
google has created a boston marathon explosion person finder h /t ^jt
dtn military news : will giant mutant rats overrun nyc in sandy s wake : in all of the excitement and concern in t
will giant mutant rats overrun nyc in sandy s wake : in all of the excitement and concern in t
review for : skatepark des fillettes - paris , france .
review for : skatepark de bercy - paris , france .
st . patrick's day psfcu branch
st .patrick's day is just another day to me
the 500 former admirals and generals involved in monday's ad are not the only former members of the military endorsing romney .
i'm not yelling at you . i'm just stating because everyone automatically assumes it is because of president obama .
it's the st patrick's weekend , so why not have some fun with an irish game . grab a copy of the battle of clontarf
they actually have a parade for st . patrick's day ?
i thought this would be a boring match but turns out i was wrong !
good refereeing from the spanish bloke
thinking of having 1 st annual loudon twnshp st . patrick's day parade , i'll just follow my son round the yard while he practices his pipes .
celebrating st . patricks day (patron of engineering ) by crashing titanic into a home-made iceberg
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hz55l8wqzk
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kxfueo910p
hurricane irene was 6 hours of non stop rain . sandy's suppose to be 36 hours .
ha this is a must but i'll let sandy pass first lls
look out everybody we about to get crushed by hurricaine sandy
i hope your brother's doing better , bb ! take care and have a great pre-sandy weekend 3
happy st . patrick's day !:) coffee cheers !
stargazer stitching would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day (and in my part of the world , a snowy
st . patrick's day is basically an excuse for people to wear green and get drunk .
oh , it's st . patricks day today ?! white people have been drunk since last week .
my heart and prayers go out to those affected by the attacks on paris .
our hearts and prayers are with paris and all of france tonight .
time for the !!! billiards for mashable house 2012 w / [pic]:
at the mashable party with dario laverde billiards for mashable house 2012 w / [pic]:
thoughts in ottawa today . stay safe everyone .
worried about all of you in ottawa . stay safe .
condolence for families and friends of passengers flight .
my thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends , of the passengers and crew on flight
happy st . patricks day everyone this girl is going back to i did not sleep well at all :(
happy st . patrick's day audrey ! . . . and ty 4 rt
obama should be president bill clinton should be vice president .
does america have a condom big enough to have a mitt in the oval office ?
yes ,that's my point ,so who do you think is going to win the ? i reckon spain .
holland v denmark brought back memories of holland v italy euro 2000 . i felt ill after that game , many wasted chances
valley clean up crew heads to the northeast for sandy's aftermath : servpro of gilbert is sendin
valley clean up crew heads to the northeast for sandy's aftermath : servpro of gilbert is sending a team to [#az]
hope sandy doesn't get to minnesota
she should probably prepare for it like it's hurricane sandy -
aljazeera : crisis talks held as ebola death toll soars : ministers from 11 african nations hold cris
crisis talks held as ebola death toll soars : ministers from 11 african nations hold crisis meeting
when did ios add uk holidays to the calendar ? that's so bloomin ' useful ! it even tells me it's st patricks day tomorrow .
stall is opposite the comedy tent on the north terrace of trafalgar square - everything gets off at 12 noon
this hurricane is seriously scaring the shit out of me !
, this hurricane shit is freaking me out !
brussels airport closed until tuesday : brussels international airport will not reopen before tuesda - via
bbc news - brussels airport closed until tuesday : brussels international airport will not reopen before tuesda
i understand we're getting a hurricane and all but its not the end of the world
if hurricane sandy knocks out power on tuesday does the election get postponed ???
this is srsly sad and not normal anymore what's goin on with the world ?#prayforbelgium
at least 26 dead and more than 100 wounded after explosions in brussels airport , metro station . more here , via
condolences to the families friends of the passengers of flight .
horrible news about . my heart goes out to all passengers , crew , families friends , along with and
happy st . patrick's day from 3 w
happy st . patrick's day ! what will you do for fun ?
the last time i wasted 2 1 /2 hours watching a sporting event , was when i watched 3 innings of a baseball game . penalti
spain v portugal pens gonna be a close one this
happy st . patrick's day from your team at cahsah
happy st . patricks day my twitter peeps .
hi niall ! how are u ? i hope u have a great st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks day ! how are you ?!
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/khzl861uyq
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/v8ebda5nt9
hurricane big d would fuck shit up
rutgers never gives us off from school , even when there's a hurricane . ok .
paris attack suspects holed up in french town : french town of dammartin-en-goele near paris in lockdown
aljazeera : paris attack suspects holed up in french town : french town of dammartin-en-goele near pa
having a great time making st . patrick's day crafts .
thank you to all who celebrated st . patrick's day with us !
nobody in the pub on st . patrick's day even knows how a pub works !!
happy st patrick's day from lanzarote
these protesters don't want justice , they want a lynching how is that any different ?
disses (potential 2016 prez candidate ) for dancing while burns ; ignores current prez's partying .
kevin krim , lil wayne , lena dunham , hurricane sandy , : kevin krim lil wayne lena dunham hurricane sandy windows 8 emanue
ok hurricane sandy is tripping .power out
nupoven mitt is not a good look for a leader of the free world !
wishing president barack obama a succesful election day and 4 more years in the white house !
happy st . patrick's day from yqq !
jamming !!! ;)) happy saint patrick's day ..;)
finally voting . obama here i come .
if i had to vote , it'd be for obama .
st . patrick's day in the driscoll house .
top golf for st patrick's day
off-topic , but this map really shows how densely populated of a city is . power outages post-hurricane .
it's ridiculous . they're losing power after the hurricane smh
happy st patrick's day ! check out this shamrock pendant
happy st . patrick's to you all . many thanks for the invite to the shamrock ball .
ya'll who think ama be nursin my wounds at the end of for supportn spain u'll b shockd
if english fans had attacked stewards like the russians did , they'd be calling for us to be kicked out !
i didn't have nothing green but this lol happy st .patricks day though !!
happy st patrick's day ! thanks for participating in
ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries work to contain unprecedented ebola outbreak as dis
ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries work to contain unprecede
s'pose i'm gonna have to get that mitt romney tattoo lasered off my bum cheeks now . damn it !
i know its mitt romney but i think ritt momney is better lls
representing my alma mater today too ! happy st . patrick's day !
its celebration time in ireland happy st .patricks day
wine , cheese and crackers . ready for the final
may the best wins tonight , i won't support any team
good morning !! it's here in the bluegrass !! how dry are you all ???
sandy , i don't like you and you should go away .
happy st .patrick's day to you ! may a little luck of the irish be with you today .
happy st . patrick day ! from gay life after 40
arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an investig (via
arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an inves
53 policemen in only 3 are blk ..wow no wonder they are treating its blk citizens like dogs .are we going back to 1960 s
when it comes to people's lives , it is not just a differing of opinion . there is a right and wrong .
was wrong . who deemed him the messiah of . he need to return to his white board erase his prediction for
for those who don't know who won , look at the empire state building .
happy feckin ' st . patrick's day arsebiscuits
happy st patricks day to all off our customers xxx
live outside the bataclan theatre in paris following deadly attack via
oh , thanks for your message , that's kind of you . :)and i'm ok i'm not living in paris . terrible for the concerned families tho
didn't want to say it 1 rst but the sign language lady w mayor bloomberg has been star of hurricane . it's li
yes i want there to be a hurricane named sanjay .
no , everyone just voted early . poor mitt .
mitt record : ma sales tax rate was increased by 25 % to pay romneycare costs .
i'm not prepared for sandy ; i'm still a virgin .
watching landry jones /bob stoops /notre dame all in the same game is like a perfect storm of overrated . it could reach sandy levels .
sickened that something like this could happen in our so called 'safe' country
photo of the gunman leading terrorist siege at lindt cafe -
dear hurricane sandy , boooo on you for delaying my return to asgard .
hurricane sandy is coming because the ocean is no place for a squirrel
yeah , what's going on no on iplayer . help !! i need my sandy before bed . or i'm cranky .
hurricane sandy : stress testing the power industry's assistance net . power industry is bracing
slept for 11 hours lastnight ! ready for a great sunday ! go !!!
pre game music video ! one for the team ! light my fuse by (l' rock ): via
if you feel like giving away money how about to nepal
a stressful time . to hear from nepali journalists , commentators , writers , aid workers , gov't , here's my nepal list :
subway first and then time to get drunk , happy st .patricks day !
happy st . patricks day to my family and friends around the world
59 jamaicans were killed from hurricane sandy .
haha hurricane sandy has a twitter :p
obama's daughters have definitely grown up . they're gorgeous .
how tall do you think obama is . i think he is nine feet tall
next hot title *brand pattern strategists ' & 'experience pattern design ninja '
wish i was able to go to sxsw .next year
bruce delivers sxsw keynote address sweet how nervous he is in this context :)
im trying to make it to austin to the sxsw
happy st patricks day guys i leave you with a leprechaun
irish dancing bears happy st patricks day !
ronaldo proved again that he can only play for his club , not for his country .
my next goal is to find a german team jersey , preferably number 13 !
y is it whites who protest w /blacks about injustice has 2 b white trash ! the ignorance of some ppl is amazing !
dr martin luther king spoke in st louis long time ago said it's bad only 10 % blacks in state but responsible 4 58 % of the crime
it's time to stop profiting from human misery . it's time to get out of nauru and manus .
- profiting from human misery is really not ok ! it's time to get out of manus and nauru !
i just wanted to compare irene sandy !
whose this broad giving blowjobs all over the south ???
don't understand this . it's just the broken window fallacy on a megascale .
wow still no cell service .probs not gunna have any for days .fucking fuck
did david stern really just say hurricane sandy was hurricane katrina !?
david stern never forgets hurricane katrina .
good morning guys and happy st . patricks day .
happy st . patricks day ! let the drinking commence !
several foreigners remain on board hijacked egyptair plane : via
:egyptair says all passengers released from hijacked plane except five foreigners , cabin crew (via
my heart goes out to every 1 who lost someone in incident htt
deeply saddened this evening - my thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims .
yes many have said romney is very efficient - what makes him such a good businessman
obama is doing a beautiful job of speaking with the hope that got him elected (twice now ) and with a dash of his anger translator luther .
but the dude also predicted obama will win but just by a lil lol it's gon come down to the bottom
you can vote for obama just think about the deficit
asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks : tokyo (reuters) - asian shares and u .s. stock futures were lower
reuters - asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks : tokyo (reuters) - asian shares and u .s. stock futures we
my thoughts go out to the families of the victims of the terrorist attacks .
my econ teacher made a boston joke and i was the only person that laughed
romney : what's up ?obama: up yours .
:)! not american but am sooo glad obama's president again !
happy st . patrick's day !! i'm not irish but i like green and gold , so like , whatever . xd
happy st . patrick's day , everyone . did you remember to wear green ?
i will not allow you to . vote . for . obama or romney .
do you have to be white to vote for romney ???
there's ebola virus in lagos now ?
latest news ebola virus is in lagos
i just watched the news omg paris needs lots of prayers
horrified by what's happening in paris . thoughts and prayers .
can't believe what i'm watching here mario is on fire !!!
it's two for mario balotelli ! what a beasty striker he is ! hammered the second goal in the back of the net !
germanwings co-pilot worried about job security , officials say
eg flu tracking news germanwings co-pilot worried about job security , officials say - washington post
made to paris with next stop sweden .
can't wait to see the shocked and dismayed looks on the faces of isis fighters when world leaders gather in paris for climate talks .
happy st patrick's day ! we are always looking around for inspiration and great food , the team over at food 52
another reason i don't belong in boston : on st . patrick's day people actually wear green , a lot of people , most people .
why the fuck is st . patrick's day even recognized
we're in high school now , is it really still necessary to pinch each other on st . patrick's day
chr post : obama re-elected president , networks project - president barack obama won re-election , networks are projec
nova is going to talk this shit out at school now that obama won .
it's definitely a happy st patrick's day on haight street !
happy st patricks day reba !
what is st . patrick's day ? never heard of it :(
st patrick's day festivities begin all over the world / sunday world :
happy st . patrick's day ! wearing green :-)
adding a little irish to the work outfit today . happy st . patrick's day !
new day and 2 shows with - 3 pm at victory grill , east 11 th and then 8 pm waterloo icehouse 38 th and m
christian rapper /hip-hop ministry leader performs tomorrow at boyd vance theater !
i like the date on st . patrick's day
mag is supporting st patrick's day .
my heart hurts knowing there are souls out there able to do such heinous things . positive thoughts and prayers for paris .
the world can be a a scary and sad place . thinking of everyone in paris right now .
oh so obama is still president
2 ) the us european stock markets went up this morning following obama win
water still remains in red hook
what's the damage in bayside and flushing ? hope all is ok . any tweets appreciated .
police reveals picture of bombing suspect .
police reveals picture of lahore bombing suspect
millions in u .s. on alert for 'superstorm': drew wojtkowski is playing the odds with hurricane sandy , with a plan to ride out the mas
cnn : millions in u .s. on alert for 'superstorm': drew wojtkowski is playing the odds with hurricane sandy ,
5 boston influencers to follow on twitter during | bostinno via
dean proved you don't need the big organization to be a player . -
happy st . patrick's day from the palafox market !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i'm working tonight .
isis hit paris , in part , because of its pluralistic symbolism , so alabama calm down you are totally safe .
but the 1 st amendment righ .never mind . there is nothing to say to the dumbasses who actually agree with this crap
ny stock exchange will re-open this morning after 2 days closed due to . ny mayor bloomberg will ring the opening bell .
list of emergency shelters relief efforts hurricane sandy - live tweets from nj dc ny va md
att and t-mobile while share networks in ny and nj following hurricane : via
sandy was definitely guatemalan with a fresh duby wrap .
first day back to school is st .patrick's day
extremely jealous that my family is all partying on the ave . in boca raton for st . patrick's day as im stuck in toledo
solidarity with the people protesting for their rights . your police is no more protecting you , be safe and watch your back
these cullud thugs are no different than feral rats .
really hope that hurricane sandy doesn't make my power turn off so i can watch revenge tonight !!
jets doing more damage to psyche of their fans than sandy ever could
wasnt that assault rifle found inside the car after the gunman had supposedly killed himself inside ?
livery upon unscramble sydney by la cease-fire : jkjejcgd
i think it's about time mitt romney gets a jay oh bee ! lol
romney lost his and paul ryans home states (massachusetts/wisconsin) while obama won his and biden birth state and home states (hi/pail/de)
happy st patrick's day . a pint of guinness will be sipped today
happy st patricks day to any irish fans
libertarians are silent about , except all those times when they're not .
local tv say police encounters are mixed in
takes 5 genesis songs to walk to the queensboro bridge
please text relief on your mobile phone to : 51818 to donate to the relief fund .
sandy is 900 miles in diameter ! storm of the century !
oh my shit this hurricane sandy is gonna hit new york baaad
zardari expresses grief on sandy losses | geo headlines
zardari expresses grief on sandy losses | geo pakistan
omg it's the first time i see ronaldo's hair look neat .
christiano what have you done to your hair
try being in denmark i didn't even know today is st . patricks day before i looked on twitter we don't celebrate that .
happy saint patricks day sp !
hurricane sandy : power , wireless outages linger in lower manhattan : tw
hurricane sandy : power , wireless outages linger in lower manhattan : two days after hurricane s
obama is great at 7 th grade math !! he adds debt he subtracts jobs he divides the country he multiplies misery
everyone seems to forget what obama has done he did what you ask when christians talked about mormons it was a cult what has changed
does this give him an advantage since pbo is focusing on sandy ?
can't keep it open ? via what can close the nyse ? world war , presidential funerals and sandy
hurricane sandy : the start of the world ending
mt in 2011, house gop-ers voted to cut hurricane detection by $450m vs requested budget
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/t7jkkvdwmw
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kqel871zhi
earlier russian air attack , now - terrorists are taking the war outside mid east . very frightening .
reuters : chinese vice finance minister zhu guangyao says paris attacks show that terrorism is a 'common enemy '
$cm - cibc announces $50,000 donation to relief efforts in nepal
cibc announces $50,000 donation to relief efforts in nepal
match between germany portugal all tied up at 0 -0 at the end of the first half . germany just not capitalizing on opportunities .
germany v portugal , most hyped match of so far produces the least thrilling first half , hoping better is to come
i agree . i'm here for the duration . i got an event on sunday i wanted to invite you to . plus i got an ideaima call you 2 day
influential blog : 50 2012 panels worth getting excited about via |
imagine getting annoyed at people celebrating st patricks day
happy at patricks day everyone xx
a note on facebook claims johanna bohlen from is among the survivors of the
my beloved nepal , my beloved people you are not alone .
have a happy st . patricks day ! who's dying their hair green ?? alternative press list of rockers with green
happy st .patrick's from northington investment group , stephen debbie northington .
happy san patrick's day niall
happy st . patrick's day to all you celebrating
an east coast woman ? total obama supporter .
there would be a hurricane in the forecast when my mom visits ..
happy st . patrick's day from the whole gang : -)
happy st patricks day ! thanks for the r t appreciated !
top story : ebola virus in west africa - see more
body of ebola victim cremated in lagosby sola ogundipethe body of the first victim of ebola virus disease in
swear to god the ref is trying to get the french to win .
this ref is clearly bias towards the french
goosechase founder at startup accelerator knows his stuff . it's a niche product - but i admire the passion and knowledge base .
what nite is bloc party playing sxsw ?
scary stuff . what happens to blood samples for ebola from west africa that have been sent to similar labs ?
many doubt ebola exists [sale ]
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! hope you are wearing your green !!
happy st patrick's day from kiko , nickell and
out of control on st patrick's day
st .patricks daya day were everyone celebrates not being irish .
happy st . patrick's day ! everyone go out and have a green beer .
shit i almost forgot tomorrow was st patrick's day
cat didn't return . bet it's out feasting on drunken st patricks day revellers .
since 420 is on easter this year , why not make st . patrick's day a little greener .
why pcworld pines for sxsw cool apps ~ vox .io radically simplifies mobile :
clamor for mobile web lead to better web lead to better accessibility
mom dad without power weather's turned cold , so they're staying w / me . hurricane sandy has turned my life into a really bad cbs sitcom .
even the miss liberty was dadging hurricane sandy . what a storm .
hurricane sandy ruined my fucking halloween .#basicbitch
prayers goes out to everyone that was affected by the hurricane
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cpdbzdsmqg
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wxbb1jrzjy
barack may be president , but beyonce is queen
conceding like mitt romneyi'm defeated ! go ahead flu u win !
good morning ,utm! happy st . patrick's day !
wants to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !
all delaware roads will close except for emergency personnel beginning at 5 am !
got 21 chapters to read durin sandy . dear sandy thank you , cuz we don't have school tmrw . but please go away
eee says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm
fff says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm
oh and happy st patricks day to everyone else too
happy saint patrick's day ! go get your on :)
woke and forgot last night was election day that's what's up obama won
ole what an happy day . obama won last night .
welcoming site in va beach after 4 days of sandy
working again today :( nice try sandy !
and to the white couple that were rude to me at work while everybody watched the coverageobama , cans !!!
dammit !: romney was going to make the perfect heartless tinman to bush's brainless scarecrow and obama's cowardly lion .
everyone is going crazy over sandy ..
every people at here is preparing for the sandy strom
the first lodge of ireland has worked in cork since time immemorial - certainly prior to 2 nd february , 1726 .
happy st . patrick's day ! i hope everyone has a chance to celebrate responsibly .
happy st . patrick's day ! i'm not irish , but i am today !!!!!! wearing green !
happy st . patrick `s day everybody :-)
who'll watch the halftime show with me !
my dad's getting me at 10 :30am tomorrow so i can watch the with him . i don't know why he has to get me 31 hours before kickoff
may the peace that passes man's understanding be upon paris .
sending my prayers to the people of paris . this is so heartbreaking .
my feed is full of new yorkers not taking hurricane sandy seriously . loving the laughs but please be safe , friends !
hurricane sandy i cancel it with the blood of jesus !!!!
tonight ill be praying a rosary for boston if you want me to pray for you or a loved one please dont hesitate to tweet me xx
our love thoughts and prayers are going out tonight to all affected in boston , so sad x
being in a battleground state is kinda disappointing . i'm not hearing artillery or canons firing outside .
two pa voters explain who they voted for , why . by as part of mobile video team .
- what ?! if it's true - i would have done the same thing ! ha !
are any fans at the ? it's like playing an away game .
another day , anther dollar for someone else . thanks obama
i feel good about obama being president :)
prayers for all in sydney . stay safe lizi hugs
prayers and thoughts for the hostages being held in sydney . stay safe , sydney .
this is all i see when i look at mitt romney
im scared dawg what if mitt romney wins tomorrow ?!
st patricks day a good excuse to get drunk midday !
how about a big happy st patrick's day to your biggest irish fan ..#slainte that's good heath to you and yours
sandy baby why u gotta be like this !!!!!
so all flights for the next few days to the northeast got cancelled including mine so trying to leave atl early tonight :( stupid sandy
thoughts before bed -- what we have seen in paris tonight is the same violence many middle eastern refugees are running from .
paris and japan , my heart is with you .
yes in the aftermath of i made it to the city for work and will do it all again tom !
two freightliner's photographed being caught in superstorm sandy's path . the storm that hit late monday and into
if you are not white or red , you shouldn't be at the st . patricks day parade .
we shouldn't have school on st . patrick's day
jeannette bougrab , partner of charlie hebdo editor charb , speaks about his death : j
the killers have succeeded in demonstrating their total stupidity and utter cowardice to the world .
oh and yes . my birthday is on st . patrick's day . lets get krunk !
happy st . patrick's day from mr . cheeks !!
happy st . patrick's day . yes !
happy st . patrick's day . we had a great time at o'mara on saturday !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tvyicamuhk
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tbwipvrsko
nepal earthquake : 101 -year-old survivor pulled from rubble
nepal earthquake : 101 -year-old survivor pulled from rubble - asia - world - the independent
wish i could join :) happy st . patrick's day !
on a serious note happy st patricks day to all
those will keep your feet dry when sandy comes ashore ! lol in all seriousness , stay safe !
so either way , i dont have school til this hurricane bs is over .
i am so nervous , i can not even sit still ! it is going to be a long night !
is it midnight yet ? the suspense is killing me !
these numbers show why the earthquake destroyed
how to donate to nepal earthquake victims via indiegogo
i'm really over all this hurricane stuff can we move on now
got the waders cleaned up , gas in the truck , now all i need is this hurricane to come now .
are there people dancing under the sprinklers on the pitch at half time ?#bbcfootball
italians looked good yeah but germany all the way for me
what is even going on in paris ? absolutely shocking
yes , thanks ! i'm not living in paris but it's very scarry :(((
: chalkias , maniatis , papadopoulos , torossidis , holebas , karagounis , fotakis , katsouranis , fortounis , samaras , salpingidis
so far all been pretty good matches let it continue
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ory8jwlqq7
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ijlbpbio77
lots of sandy $$$ estimates going around ; it's important to distinguish between insured damage and economic damage .
sandy better watch who we fucks with !
rt : some positive news as my last update for the night : boston marathon runners marry despite bombings -
man , i was just around there last week .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eujkfkjyoa
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dnz3hjuwgh
today's the day . happy st . patricks day !!
the best part of st .patrick's day are the green bagels
sxsw tour : rain , food trucks and whimsical , bizarre promotions [pics]: a look at the isis m
mashable : sxsw tour : rain , food trucks and whimsical , bizarre promotions [pics]
hurricane sandy is about to shit on us and the rest of the east coast .
your problem has more to do with good old sandy the frankenstorm
i gotta be prepared when i come to work the rest of the weeki kno ima be gettin stuck cuz this sandy bitch
has arranged this tsunami in hawaii to destroy obama's birth records ?
poland to win , all over greece .
poland vs . greece - greece m /
some impressive totals from found on the network .
is trending ? is this based on the hurricane or the idea of mitt romney becoming president ?
we're thinking of those on the east coast ! take care and stay safe from hurricane sandy !
boat what are you doing , you are a boat , not a train .
happy st . patrick's day , fort collins , colorado !
happy st . patrick's day nialler . love u 3
there's supposed to be a hurricane coming . and everyone has to evacuate the school . tf i look like ?? this must be a lol
it's weird going through a hurricane without here to blame !
one week after , wonderful in blue-white-red !
analyst on root causes of mali instability
:( hurricane sandy is coming on tuesday im scared !
no work tomorrow ! thanks sandy for the birthday present !
here's all the fake sandy pics we were just talking about !
so is sandy over or are we gonna get more of her today ?
my thoughts are with the family and friends that lost someone in sydney and pakistan
what's this world coming to , the hostage incident at sydney yesterday and the taliban attack on a pakistan school today .
the live blog on egyptair hijack : plane from alexandria to cairo lands in cyprus
who r d foreginers n from which country they belong ?#egyptair
i hear he is supporting development of a homeopathic cure for ebola
namibia closely monitors ebola : [namibian]the ministry of health and social services has alla
at last sarcastically complimented efforts by goi short of ?
eu announces 3 mln euros emergency aid for nepal
happy st patrick's day xxx via #
damn today is st . patricks day n shit
almost time for the 4 :50pm performance at the historic victory grill - 1104 east 11 th st .
busking at the corner of s congress and monroe . come by !
news : lufthansa group overhauls pilot safety following germanwings disaster : in coordination with the ger
lufthansa group overhauls pilot safety following germanwings disaster : in coordination with the german federal aviation office , other
our hearts and prayers go out to those on parliament hill this morning .
chilling footage by the globe's of gunfire in parliament hill today
where the luck o ' the irish comes from . happy st . patrick's day !found at
happy st . patricks day everybodykeep it green today
look at this ! three rescued eight days after nepal quake as u .s. marines arrive
three rescued eight days after nepal quake as u .s. marines arrive : kathmandu (reuters) - three people were pul
totally forgot to wear green today
will you ditch the dark colors and wear green today ?
happy st patricks day everyone . enjoy the day but most of all , be safe
happy st . patrick's day ! here's a quick read on the story and impact of st . patrick and how he baptized over
martin richard was the 8 -year old boy who died at the boston marathon . rip to this little angel
our thoughts prayers go out to all that were affected by the tragedy at the boston marathon .
happy st patricks day everyone !!!! make sure your wearing green today !
happy st .patricks day ..hearts were a fluttering ..what a weekend !
go away hurricane !! u luk horrible fr all out der !
that beach front property is nice till a hurricane hits that ass
can't figure out what motivated the latest attack on charlie hebdo in paris ? rip . .
shootings of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo , 11 deaths
haide opa ! let's do this ! (stay safe nyc )
i need this hurricane to start because i'm bored and not going to be able to fall asleep
detecting many aftershocks from the thousands of kilometers away in norway .
its tough time for a country ,feel really sad about affected people and those who lost lives .i stand with them
all who believe in democracy should support hong kong
hong kong's 'umbrella revolution ' may be the politest protests , ever from hong kong
just about time for sticking a fork in this year's sxsw . don't know how you'd do thatbut sounds like it was a blast ! til next year !
sxsw was a professional success ! met interviewed a multitude of artists both new est . everyone was in network mode .
this germany vs italy game is sooo much better than yesterday's game
don't think italy have read my script for tonightcome on deutschland !
butte celebrates st . patrick's day -
celebrating the good news newsie , st . patrick .
celebrating st . patrick's day in pictures
everybody's out drinking on st . patricks day and i'm sitting here like
because tomorrow's st . patrick's day
happy st patrick day from the farm .
but terrorists are muslims , how to solve this dilemma ?#parisattacks#paris#muslimsstandwithparis
portugal people have their thoughts on paris today
maryland : yes on question 6 washington : yes on r -74maine: yes on question 1 minnesota : no on amendment 1
does anyone have interesting plans for watching the election returns ?
why would i be bitching about that whore , sandy if i had power !!!???? lol yeapstill living in the literal dark ages .
hurricane sandy you did this to me !
halloween 2012 sandy-style . in bed at 730 in the cold and dark with a glass of talisker a good book . could be lots worse .
my dad's livelihood floated away b /c of the wrath of
heather humphreys of fine gael has been elected on the first count in cavan-monaghan
on thursday everything was positive for candidates now even said the issues were bread and butter issues .
getting set for let the fun begin !
first game of the euros , will the greeks need a bail out to get through
latest : belgian police raids in wake of paris attack : our live blog is keeping an eye on news that belgian pol
latest : belgian police raids in wake of paris attack : our live blog is keeping an eye o
if you or anybody you know are stranded in paris tonight use strangers helping strangers .
i wish i could help everyone in paris right now but all i can do is pray hope
happy st . patrick's day ! who's drinking a good irish breakfast blend this morning ?
happy st patricks day ! may the luck o the irish be with you !!
happy st patrick's day everyone ! get loads of pints of guinness !
happy st patrick's day a pint of guinness on me ?! xx
ebola is so scary right now .
i never said ebola was not real , was just using the statistics given to show its impact , show me other statistics to prove otherwise
breaking : more shots fired on parliament hill .
shots fired on parliament hill ?? wtf is going on .
whatever the end result of vs game will be , thanks for both teams for such grt performance in
the spanish have sent a message to those who called them boring . best team ever ? nobody's ever won three on the bounce before .
happy st . patrick's day from the wv market ! got green ?
happy st . patricks day !! are you walking in style today ?!
'this is for paris ': russian pilots write messages of support for terror victims on their bombs before launching latest air raids and
'this is for paris ': russian pilots write messages of support for terror victims on their is
: prosecutor's timeline of downed germanwings plane :
trying to wrap head around which is worse ?deliberate act of murder while committing suicide or catastrophic plane malfunction ?
happy st . patrick's day !!! has green today . do you ?
happy st . patrick's day diamondhead !
eh boston ! you what gsm ?
our thoughts and hearts are with you , boston . cc :
-- how to be black in america . buy the book , or you're a racist
austin , we are in you ! bergstrom international airport (aus) w / 138 others )
if you are at don't miss this panel of diy lifestyle stars
wishing sxsw was live streaming all of the panels . i don't want to miss this one :
what the fuck is a st . patricks day
happy st . patricks day !! i love you very much :)
is this like watching barca vs juve on the ?
btw watching game via ntv plus live
tomorrow is the last day to get it together
i feel like obama so much pressure on a nigga .
- this was 1 of at least seven attacks around paris .
worldwide messages support , solidarity for paris via
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal from
news : all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bo via
have a happy st patrick day rr
i had no idea that today was st . patrick's day .
love child of islamism leftism mt ottawa shooter : son of a jihadist and a social justice warrior
i came home tonight and heard the awful news about the attack on parliament hill in my home country canada ; my
breaking : more than a dozen hostages held in cafe in sydney ; arabic flag placed in window : breaking : sydney ca
breaking : more than a dozen hostages held in cafe in sydney ; arabic flag placed in window : breaki
2 -0 at halftime . thats what i like to see . good shit italy !
2 -0 ht : germans unable to guard left wing or balotelli as italians are surprisingly in firm control
aid group : 2 nd has ebola in - jul 27 pm et
new post (another worker for christian organization in africa tests positive for ebola ; outbreak deadliest ever ,
abaaoud : paris attacks ringleader whose family prayed he was dead (afp) :auto pickup by wikyou
ridiculous college students claim they're victims of terrorism too (via
what are the plans for st . patrick's day an irish show ??
fuqq , i absent-mindedly wore a green sweater on st . patrick's day weekend .
clarkstown is requesting 30 national guards to help with traffic control in clarkstown . traffic lights still out . .
how have you kept safe from ? we fled to nj . oh , and we wrote about food .
ok , here's my mandatory tweet . i still wish my who dat were playing . enjoy the game , tweetville
getting ready for the greatest show on earth
honestly the sweetest , most heartwarming part of hurricane sandy's aftermath . bless the sesame street crew .
my mom's friend lost everything in sandy , if anyone has boy's clothes sizes 3 t or 24 months , could you pass them on ? they're desperate :(
first black player ever for the czech republic
i fancy czech republic to win this !
happy st patrick's day kian
happy st . patrick's day . hope you day is a great one .
seeing how passionate people are getting about the is great . who said politics is boring ?!
whether it's no or yes tomorrow , the old status quo has to end . that's up to all of us though .
has torres touched the ball yet ?
watching championship , 2 - 0 . can't wait for the world cup in brazil , only 2 yrs .
lol ! holy fuck ! van persiebloody hell mate ! dutch need to sub him off , today not being his day is an understatement
great shot from van bommel
happy st . patrick's day to the community !
steve earle - galway girlhappy st .patricks daylove this song
was it the luck of the irish in 1835 ? who were the first 2 groups of int . students at ?
in honor of st . patrick's day , get 17 % cash back on all items at just dm me your order details
we hope everyone had a safe st . patrick's day !!
it was monday and st .patricks day good enough excuse right there
go head let mittens keep campaigning maybe will blow his ass back to oz where he will be singin if i only had a brain ..
10 /30 lady with foster brother and fellow acc survivor , bino cuddling this morning as the wind from sandy was
nyc's subways roll out for 1 st time since sandy via
44 million in us are still without power .
nah i prefer hurricane na-uzu-billah ! ;)
climate change amps up basic factors that contribute to big storms . via
someone on fb marked herself safe from the earthquake ??? you live in scotland ??? why would you not be safe from an earthquake in nepal ???
u actors earn a lot ..if u kindly think of donating a few rupees for nepal victims ,it will be so good
di natale adding some much needed hutzpah for the azurri . we'll see if he can help whittle away this 2 -0 lead .
wanna c what i am wearing now
these tweets have nothing to do with obama winning .
we won't know . obama had 4 years to improve the economy and all he did was make it worst
belgian officials acknowledge warning signs were missed before terror attacks in brussels .
it is all about brussels , where is nigeria ?
name : ray albers st ann police dept . non-emergency number 314 -428-6868 (i called . the number is real )
awful pastor tommie pierson confirmed police entered church building . unconfirmed reports that police removed materials
russian and polish fans clashing ahead of their football match . oh dear , is getting ugly .
european photographers are taking pics of the women supporters more than the actually match
nicole better hurry up before this hurricane comes
just making a charitable contribution to aid ppl in the hurricane relief
my whole development power out dis hurricane sandy shxt smh
whose grave u ain't scared of hurricane sandy ?
our thoughts go out to all on the east coast affected by hurricane sandy . stay safe !
roses are red , violets are blue , sandy is my savior , i love you
gunman takes hostages in sydney , australia cafe : islamic flag displayed
12 /14: gunman takes hostages at sydney cafe ; is growing coffee in
sad for those who lost their lives to hurricane sandy already . hope the us east coast fares better .
we should've gotten better food before this hurricane thing
sorry my italian friends but this could get really ugly smarten up
spain playing an all together a different game . spectacular 2 nd goal
guess who's back , back again , barack's back , tell a friend
congrats barack obama . d 44 th 45 th president of america .
praying for all those in sandy's wake . winds in mich . have knocked several tree's in my neighborhood down already .
ireporters share sandy images : ireporters up and down the u .s. east coast share thei
see submerged subway in manhattan | really reminds me a scene from godzilla or cloverfield
that's me . still . power outages from forced many to give up on tv /radio and rely exclusively on soc media .
while i am sympathetic for boston these kinds of bombings and such happen all over the world daily
1000 tweet goes out to those affected by the boston marathon bombing .
how officials failed to stop brussels attack : first came the breakthrough : the arrest of salah abde (via
how officials failed to stop brussels attack : first came the breakthrough : the arr
obama wins and you say nothing on twitter ??? what happened to the tricia i know ? hahaha
obama backin office , i can count on the next four years of being better than expected .#obamaformankind
aight manning it's time to put in work !
ironically , this wasn't the only time madonna used that many trojans in one night .
dude's reaction was priceless ! pure comedy !
shots fired in random cop 'we're not firing the bad guys are '
prayers for the whole world not just paris .
isis murders 140 in paris - the route to freedom lies through love and solidarity : from anarkis
happy st patrick's day from yours truly - with help from the green weather wall !
happy st patrick's day - what a gorgeous one it is today !
i really wish obama the best of luck in his second term .
sure look at the election even 80 percent of mississippi voted for the white lad not obama known for its racism
lol ikr otl shhh ri ri it's only a freak happening we got a hurricane 1 week b4 you come . lol i seriously think bb brings
birthday is almost over !!! will def have to push my celebrations back because of sandy
if your looking for an honest and conscientious candidate vote joe obrien no ;1
does you candidate think that in ? ask them with two clicks -
anti man repeatedly grasped the breast of the lady . the police let the him go . where's justice
anti protest man repeatedly grasped the breast of the lady . the police let the him go . where's justice
i was at the matinee today . second time seeing the show . thank you guys , especially during this post-hurricane craziness .
did god send hurricane sandy ? - washington post (blog): did god send hurricane sandy ?washington post (blog)when
thanks for the warning . that's mighty white of you .
black on white hate crimes . in cleveland , ohio caught on tape
sooo is extratropical 2 steps down from tropical hurricane ?
where do hurricane get these names from
amazing hurricane sandy shuts down google's android event
hurricane sandy shuts down google's android event : sorry , android fans , looks like you'll have to wait a
i drove up from with generators batteries for my family on . other areas , devastated by
back at work tn .. lots of co-workers looking to donate for hurricane sandy victims ! helping those in need fills a god shaped hole in us !
st patricks day getting rowdy later i guess
back from school , and happy st patricks day !
those terrorist were french belgium citizens ! not refugees or immigrants !our home grown mass murderers ,no outrage !
french and english soccer fans unite in wake of attacks
the boston bombings just really makes you wanna lose faith in humanity .
i think they should stop all flights , not just over boston . better to be safe than sorry
happy st patrick's day ! shamrock cake and cupcakes by
i am irish , so happy st . patrick's day
go for it tina ,will still be a great show !! which bands r playing tomorrow ? you never know-might find him in audience ;)
back to work after sxsw should be illegal :(
hi . thanks for the follow . what are you doing at this year ?
speaking of which - has a session tomorrow ! follow + for updates
oh kids : did you know that obama won ? really !!
may the lord's will be done , whether blessing or curse , through obama . my security doesn't rest in politics , but in my omnipotent lord .
me : yho this weather .. my mom : yeah , sandy's coming to joburg .. such things aren't funny -___-
bailan gangnam style en huracan en gringolandia jaja xd
happy st . patrick's day from rally !
we are of course wearing our green today ! happy st . patricks day to all !these will be available soon !
sandy closes in on us east coast : hurricane sandy bears down on the us east coast threatening some 50 millio
sandy closes in on us east coast : hurricane sandy bears down on the us east coast threateni
tech , communities and - big data version thanks
after watching the weather channel seeing the damage from sandy we should all give thanks for our homes pray for those who lost theirs .
happy st .patricks day to all our customers !
happy st . patrick's day !why is guinness black ?
welistit tweet list : 5 players to watch in germany vs netherlands euro cup match-up . list to follow .
van persie gets nod again as center forward while bundesliga top scorer huntelaar is on bench for netherlands in vs . germany
i'm going to have a guinness for st patrick's day . oh and for bono .
happy st .patrick day t you all
governor nixon is putting the highway patrol in charge of security in . is that weird ?
any chance you might cover this side of ?
stop on by this weekend for our st . patrick's day cupcakes !
cottleville st . patrick's day parade .
lorenzosisti 1 : fashion designer prabalgurung has organized a relief fund for victims of the nepal earthquake :
pranita 690 : fashion designer prabalgurung has organized a relief fund for victims of the nepal earthquake :
it's st patricks day !! why am i at work ??
happy st . patricks day ! finally , an exciting monday !
poor must be on the verge of a heart attack .
esta cardiaco el partido del
my heart goes out to the victims of the paris attacks . parisians are using to find shelter .
dad on paris attack its really sad what happened in paris but beta they r not muslims i :sigh hmm rest in peace peaceful world (in head )
religion :a tool created used through history by tyrants war mongers to control exploit weak minded people .#fuckreligion
awaiting all the do gooders and human rights activists to defend these monsters
barack obama unites new jersey's finest : bruce springsteen and gov . chris christie : new jersey gov . chris christ
barack obama unites new jersey's finest : bruce springsteen and gov . chris christie : new jersey gov . chris christie has another reason
thank you to and for your help ! best of luck with the remnants of sandy !
did you get hit by sandy at all ??
i honestly think if obama is president again for the next four year we are really screwed .
like i said i want romney we will get obama
tensions rise in nepal after 'weak' response to deadly quake : by gopal sharma
learnt from senior reporters like rajdeep arnab vikram barkha and many more
says the next goal is crucial vs
enjoying watching the krauts getting stuffed
if they'd play decent footy , i'd stop tweetin .
if one more of these soccer games ends in a tie i swear ..
suspected paris attack 'scouts' arrested in turkey : amy r . connollyankara , turkey , nov . 21 (up
suspected paris attack 'scouts' arrested in turkey : amy r . connollyankara , turkey , nov . 21 (upi) -- a belgian man of moroccan descent
the latest : us flags at half-staff to honor brussels victims - new york times : newsweekthe latest : us flags at
the latest : us flags at half-staff to honor brussels victims - new york times : newsweekthe lates
dups , developer for empire avenue , announcing the new changes to at 2012
new songs on itunes make me tired from sxsw all over again , extremely excited for our upcoming summer !
founder mark reacts to charlie hebdo massacre via
we have laws for that . incitation to racial hatred is a crime in french law . charlie hebdo never did this . sorry .
yup that's why i'm not complaining , this hurricane really change my overview on life
my yonni is near hurricane sandy :(
hong kong leader says he will not resign .
this may be annoying but can you please tweet about supporting the hong kong protests ! please ! we need attention .
retarded us administrationhirntote regierunglet putin do the job , americans are too stupid
you've got to admire the way that corbyn's capable of talking about the paris attacks like he doesn't give a shit .
what happened in boston was definitely a terrorist attack .but it was domestic .
podcast : reactions to boston ; senate gun bill procedure vs . substance via
i want to help those in paris so badly but i can't do anything anything
to aldubnation who are based in paris , please be safe and update us about the terrorists attack .
made a st patricks day playlist for my car . westlife , boyzone , and on random .
we're open and all shoveled out ..happy st . patricks day everyone !!
happy st . patricks day if you're not wearing green i'm going to track you down and pinch you . i'm talking to you , putin !
happy st . patrick's day ! :) too bad i forgot to wear something green tonight ! :/
police shooting grand jury probe to begin tomorrow
when an mma fighter uses his hands , is he unarmed ?
probably because of these type of riots , looting , burning down buildings . oh you know - the norm in now .
if you want to get 60 seconds of exactly what the hell is wrong with what's happening in then watch that last retweet .
if obama stays in power the usa will be in trouble
yes we can obama for pres
watch live : st . patrick's day celebrations in dublin
happy saint patrick's day from the belchertown crew on state street :) !
you do realize that all five of the identified terrorists from the paris attacks are european not syrian , right ?
light from darkness : global tributes to paris |
just as a precaution . do you have enough medication to last you extra days ?
is great argument for all states to have early voting . imagine if this or last year's halloween blizzard happen
if i see one more pray for paris tag i'm going to lose it . praying will do nothing for you or anyone else .
reflecting on the violence in our world . may we find a path to peace and may our collective grief lead to positive transformations .
after great talk about google re :brief, i'm on the lookout for cool ads . like this lego one : tip : think cartoons
full round up of where to find the australians post sxsw in the states right here
my dumbass didn't even know it was st patricks day for the longest while today
thinking of and on this st . patrick's day . as always , thoughts prayers .
should americans fear an attack like those in paris ? can we expect our politicians to behave reasonably ? not the gop
eagles of death metal issue statement on paris terrorist attack
happy st . patrick's day ! i'm feeling lucky today !
happy st . patrick's day , team finnegan ! (:
well , opening minutes and as predicted , spain are playing a more offensive game than they have so far this tournament
c'mon !!! give us a 2 -1 victory ! the two crazy bastards in attack to get one each !!
just met a man from a boston suburb along d .c. parade route . he said he did not hesitate to come out to a major public
thank you for resuming regular programming after the boston attack .
devasted by images and reports from nepal .
nepal earthquake : sesimologist clarification over reasons for severe earthquakes video
dreamed last night that had a band playing dcdoestexas showcase at sxsw . it featured lots of skeezy dancing .
in line for springsteen lottery tix . this is the only lottery i've won , and i'm so ok with that .
chicagonewsnow : police : at least 35 dead in paris shootout and explosions
my heart goes out to everyone in paris . you are all in my thoughts and prayer .
let's flash our amexs all over sxsw tomorrow
why am i not at sxsw this weekend ?
i could careless about st . patricks day , i'm italian not irish
would like to say happy st patricks day to my irish peeps today .
aljazeera : suspected ebola victim dies in nigeria : liberian man who was quarantined after showing s
suspected ebola victim dies in nigeria : liberian man who was quarantined after showing signs of vir
*looks around for folks i know * hi apocalypse - hurricane sandy w /
stay safe and dry , new york !
everything you know about st . patrick's day is wrong . even so , we like to celebrate and we will . cheers mate !
happy st . patricks day every one especially :d
chai , dis one wey ebola don dey enter naija so , god help us ooo
how to prevent you your loved ones from being infected with the ebola virus via
hey chris ! i'm chris leslie and am currently co-hosting the air am1700 morning show for algonquin college , anything new on sandy ?
the pipes in my building are already creaking and the hurricane didn't pass . what happens when it does ?
i should probably warn that now that we are done with , i can resume my tweets abt college bball . i missed every game this wknd .
does this count as my tweet /photo? _ ('=')_/
pray for nepal .my prayers for the people in nepal
our thoughts and prayers are with the people of nepal and travelers from across the world .
i'm getting mine tom but chill brah . there are people who actually got effected by sandy alright . i know a family without wifi bro !
or when sandy-related issues suppress major swaths of democratic vote .
explainer : what is ebola virus ? via
facts you need to know about ebola virus
you'll like it in short and tshirt at 5 celcius i'm sure ! it's totally summer feeling outside with sandy coming in
so the halloween parade is canceled . made sure of that .
paris attacks shift europe's migrant focus to securityshared from google news weather
as long as there are geezers like these , there will always be paris
spotify's st . patrick's playlist gets points for including breathless by the corrs , but stumbles for including englishman frank turner .
happy st . patrick's day ottawa !
i just found out obama won , all late and shit lol
on fox , they're mocking obama supporters from rally footage , saying they're stoned .
sandy got twerking to get her hair done .
what happened in new york during hurricane sandy was similar to the movie 'the day after tomorrow ' ! scary right ?
happy st . patrick's day ! ever wondered what you're actually celebrating ? here's the history :
happy st . patrick's day everyone . hope your having the craic !!
because of a random attack in paris black people in the states are suddenly lucky ? get fucked
please vote in favour of helping the french in anyway they see fit .
if it's a tie , do they go to penalties ?
midlothian , you're getting annexed , 'cept the heart bit . i love the heart of midlothian .
kookie krumshappy st . patrick's day !! who's braving the weather to come to downtown dunedin for flanagan's irish
wishing you all a happy st . patrick's day from the gang at aml -
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the eb via
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola o
american people are ficklei thought obama wud be voted straight back in , the lack of jobs /recession is worldwide not just with you .
i might not be american , but i can't wait to stay up and watch the presidential election . all the way !
good morning i want to thank everybody for your prayers we are stronger than ever .
roto roundup : jackie robinson day edition : yesterday was a tragic day in boston , and i hope the people /person
amazing speech by barack obama , well done you deserve to be where you are
gone tell my barber to give me that obama !
so sad with what's happening in sydney
this sydney situation is so so so so so scary
it's wierd turning on and hearing them talk about basketball . i forgot there were things going on other than the .
can't complain . had a good day today . and just finished watching what a good show and excited tomorrow to watch the
from philippines : typhoon hagupit weakens , msf teams to assess samar
philippines : typhoon hagupit weakens , msf teams to assess samar : while the level of damage across the philippi
not even the horrid reality of obama's re-election can ruin today for me lol . going to bed redunk happy tonight :)
i am so happy for my boy obama
'immediate steps were taken for relief , rescue after nepal earthquake ,' says home minister : home minister rajn
ndtv videos : 'immediate steps were taken for relief , rescue after nepal earthquake ,' says home minister -
thank you us govt for killing in india ..no reg tv channels playing it and now no streaming any ideas ppl ??
it's always the 'out of blow ', but 'full up with weed and a fresh trip to the cereal aisle '. also the cable bill is up to date .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pxowt12tr5
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nuvjsqd9wc
from all of us at belgian waffle works : happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! and stay safe out there tonight .
guys , if there was a fire alarm during the super bowl , i'm going to [insert a verb here ] some people .
- almost judgement day for the gmen n pats
eating all day is the best part of the hurricane
it's the day of the hurricane , y'all . have a kiki !
who is funding ? can that be cut off ? why are we still bombing ? cut off supplies
as well as praying for those victims of m .d.
okay guys what about hurricane sandy ? i feel like its 'the day after tomorrow ' d :
why are they talking about hurricane sandy . they are being affecting over there .
let's have a grown-up conversation about mitigating change as insurers prepare for impact of hurricane .
i want to say lucky but i don't because .. well hurricane o__o
doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus via
[linda ikeji ] doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus
no serious financial repercussions from the paris attacks ? don't be too sure $spx
world markets slump in wake of paris terror attacks przez
did you dress up like st patrick . green . you knoww he will follow you if you didnt it haha be scaredd hahaha
happy celebrating by eating popcorn and drinking wine .
- happy st . patricks day . i had forgot all about it smh .
happy st patrick's day ! uncle patrick and scarlet heights with the irish rover
we surive from hurricane sandy
profile defenders watch evolution of superstorm : sandy develops from a tropical depression to a category 1 hurric best reputation co .
happy st patrick's day to all our irish clients .
happy st .patricks day today is my birthday on the best day ever :)
i'm not excusing them i'm not lying . go back to that timeline . you will see only 15 tweets disrespect the paris attacks .
after paris : war is not what it used to be [huffpost]
brown's death leads to camera need ,
wow . a usa first . amnesty international going to
how cute happy st . patrick's day
i think the fact that st patrick himself wasn't even irish sums up today rather nicely .
president obama receives a briefing about the ongoing response to hq : photo :
n then some of yall only voting for obama ,just cuz he black ,just cuz somebody told you to ,n cuz yall wanna keep food s
'frankenstorm' to ravage east coast : hurricane sandy is a wolf in sheep's skin p
news luar negeri 'frankenstorm' to ravage east coast : hurricane sandy is a wolf in sheep's skin poised to assail
sandy mean business . this ya gal ya a go every weh !
men dance behind reporter covering hurricane sandy in atlantic city : via
lack of rushmore continues to be a bummer , but the should really address this hurricane thing .
i am getting kind of nervous here in boston , but this so made me laugh .
whats good with this hurricane like im confused
if i wanna go outside , i'll go outside . it's not everyday you get to go outside during a hurricane .
i know it's late at night but happy st patrick day
happy st patricks day to all my fellow friends ! time for a right !?
shit , im goin there too ! need white merlot on deck !
as approaches the region , have latest info on service by signing up for our email txt alerts :
if that's pr , you should get new pr .
- pc brigade has been ignoring what's painfully obvious to everyone else : there are radicals and they do want to hurt us .
which are the main differences between the actual obama's social campaign and the previous ?
haha obama swag cause he's black
today some of the first syrian refugees will fly into glasgow - our city and communities welcome you !
if you are in and want to help , there will be a meeting tomorrow at 7 pm
i keep forgetting that it's st . patricks day today .
st . patricks day has no meaning when you grow up
sandy does put things in perspective for me .
my stomach is churning like hurricane sandy right now .
the people of are not terrorists , they are citizens trying to right a wrong ! arrest
no more press conferences for president obama on . he is just making it worse .
omfg it's so damned cold out . how can you have a hurricane come through cold weather ? doesn't that cause tornados and stuff
a hurricane sounds like a great way to start the week (: hahaha
americans elect wins sxsw people's choice award : the independent election site will let people elect a president
americans elect wins sxsw people's choice award : the independent election site will let people elect lr =u1281182
does anyone care that it's st . patrick's day ?
once my dad brought me to a st . patricks day party when i was like 5 and that was one of the most traumatic moments of my life
stay safe everyone that is dealing with hurricane sandy !
at 8 :40the onethe only joins us to talk hurricane sandy the impact it will have on uson
praying for lord we need you right now step in and send a leader to settle them down
on the washington post reporter who was arrested in
my first time performing at sxsw and my first time flying there . keep grinding
which day is birdman performing at sxsw so i can go ?
after paris attacks : france and u .s. struggle with syrian refugee issue
video shows woman's lucky escape from gunman during paris attacks : doug g . wareparis , nov . 19 (upi) -- su
looking at pictures of what sandy did to my home makes my heart hurt .
look at the bright side : so many rappers are gonna have great material about how they flooded nyc with stacks way before hurricane sandy .
good morning and happy st .patrick's day ! may we talk ?
green is the colour - happy st . patrick's day !
prayers out to boston ..people are crazy smh
another boston tea party (coincidence it's also tax day ?)our prayers and thoughts go out to everyone over
just did my part . donated to the prime minister's relief fund for
if true , then don't let corporations , bought up ngos rebuild
sad to see my old stomping ground in such unrest . prayers for the family of . don't riot like they are expecting .
mofos good for all that peace shyt till it's their child dead on the street
mike browns family is saying stop the riots ..its not what he would've wanted or not what they want .
the ignorance on twitter tonight ! none of you even care who mike brown was . you're just taking advantage to sit on your soapbox .#ferguson
obama reacts ! france declares state of emergency and closes its borders after paris attacks !! no be small thing o !
this situation in paris is making me sick and scared . it's horrible what's happening
architect , student , engineer and critic among identified paris attack victims : the french prim
architect , student , engineer and critic among identified paris attack victims : the french (via
let's pray for the families victims effected by the tragedy in boston during the marathon yesterday
planting seeds of distrust amp ; seeds of fear : the boston marathon tragedy via
major aftershock hits nepal day after cataclysmic earthquake : as the rescue and recovery efforts continue , man
major aftershock hits nepal day after cataclysmic earthquake post your comments
happy st patrick's day people , parade was amazing and irish week opened 3 hurraaah ! :)
happy st . patricks /run amuck registration day ! the mud run opens at noon today !
saint patricks day is probably my least favorite holiday
snowy st patrick's day on its way !
atlantic cape may co : the county college campuses are closed sunday , monday and tuesday . thanks to sandy .
i've seen so many trucks around my area since sandyand still no electricity smh
i wonder what questions they will ask ? will they bring up the terror in paris ?
my heart goes out to all those affected by the paris attacks . difficult conversations with my children tonight .
happy st . patrick's day !!call neufeld jones marshall for all of your real estate needs !250-717-5027
so yeah this was my first st . patrick's day pack
where to donate to help victims of sandy
can't do my math homework because the websites down cuz of hurricane sandy that makes sense
praying for paris . i can't believe this is happening
all my thoughts and prays goes out to everyone in paris
shamrock earrings four leaf clover's st . patrick's day earrings
st patrick's day weekend at work will one day be the death of be
thank you for being one of the few ppl around here to cover the atrocities that are goin on now !!!
recall the sheriff people of recall your mayor !!! your voices shall be heard !
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qsjjsgoqkw
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/04szlysant
pakistan blast kills 50, injures 200 : a blast in pakistan's southwestern city of lahore has vi
heart broken and simply devastated to see the pain on people's faces in lahore park .
nobody wants to drink on st . patricks day ?
happy st .patricks day to everyone from me and my girl
brussels terror : 'we had lost all hope of returning home alive '
brussels terror : 'we had lost all hope of returning home alive ', say indians who returned yesterday
st patrick is every day ! didier
how would you describe st . patrick's day ?
catholic problems omg there was a hurricane please no school please no school i love dance moms ! juicy star 4 eva !
sandy takes out 25 percent of cell towers : superstorm sandy knocked out a quarter of the cell towers in an area
:]x tut could of been worse . supporting portugal holland (y)
even though holland lost my bracket still looks good for
european stocks open mostly lower after paris attacks ; dax down 0.30 % follow kevinfitts
europe markets : european stocks fall following paris terrorist attacks follow kevinfitts
news by bbc ebola deaths mount in sierra leone : high numbers of new cases of the ebola virus are being reporte
ebola deaths mount in sierra leone : high numbers of new cases of the ebola virus are being
fyi obama ended up winning the popular vote by 2 %
another historical victory for obama as he wins a new term , overcoming powerful economic headwinds .
hurricane watch net to activate as hurricane sandy approaches eastern seaboard : the hurricane watch net (hwn) ha
hurricane watch net to activate as hurricane sandy approaches eastern seaboard : the hurricane watch net ( bit .ly
for those of you who still have power , how does electricity work anyway ?
whoever is running the nyc marathon is a boss . hurricane ? what's that .
if niall doesn't tweet happy saint patricks day i will be disappointed
why is patrick so fucking stupid
my thoughts go out to anyone effected by the attacks in paris .
6 . . muslims 8 . friday the 13 th9 . paris terror attack 10 . eagles of death metal 2015 /11/15 00 :19 nzdt
some excellent full-fat tackles flying in
some hefty challenges flying about
heart goes out for people in nepal . may allah (swt) make it easier for people there *ameen*
israel sends search and rescue teams and humanitarian aid to nepal following catastrophic earthquake
why do you people follow an account of a fucking hurricane
new vdm features a circular eye (albeit still open to the se ) and a 7 c temp differential . me thinks is going to
(#clangutah) flooding and landslide threat : as typhoon hagupit thrashes the philippines with torr (#clangutah)
flooding and landslide threat : as typhoon hagupit thrashes the philippines with
happy st . patricks day ! go green , and sign up for online !
happy st . patrick's day !! grab a large aegean today for only $13!!
as long as you point at the ball after making a dangerous tackle , the foul is null and all is forgiven
i am not watching the game but i know you can win this come on !!
let the st . patrick's day festivities begin
yay ! for the st patricks day party ?
happy st patrick's day from the staff at goldwing autocare
thanks for following and have a happy st . patrick's day !
ice-t's wife gets soaked wet from hurricane sandy [video]
rt ice-t's wife gets soaked wet from hurricane sandy [video]
feels good to wake knowing obama is still our president
ok fine obama is president ill just move to canada for the next 4 years
sitting around watching soccer all day
rt if u r watching france vs england
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/2znezi8io4
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/m3oayy8mnb
you'd think with all that money the romney campaign hq could afford a better party .
time to board the private jet , tie the dog on the roof and go home romney .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6q1l0ty9f9
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/9gedtrk7rh
obama's speech : allow me to reintroduce myself , my name is oo to the beezy !!!! hahah ilove it
obama does support my rights -
exactly ! he hijacked a damn plane .
no explosives found on egyptair hijacker or on plane : cyprus police : searches by cyprus police found
the hurricane here ? if this was love i've been through the storm
is the trash man still coming in a hurricane ?
i love the fact that pres . obama has respect /support from ppl in other nations -- that says a lot ! u better respect potus ! lol
public announcement : no one cares if u don't like obama or don't want him to be president . the fact remains he is still y
what yall never been in a hurricane before ?
lol my mom isn't even going food shopping for the hurricane
hurricane aftermath sightseeing run i just finished a 3.00 mi run with nike + gps .
3 billy graham rapid response teams chaplains are headed to aid victims of hurricane sandy - pray for them and t
i want to go as hurricane sandy
if a hurricane ever directly huge nyc , all of you who've been there know , its gonna fuck shit up big time . think about battery park ..
sandy cheeks ? i don't follow please break it down .
can't go to work today , there is a shark outside . damn sandy !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/thggktware
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sfg3kcyxmy
never seen the streets of so lively ! let's just hope win so this keeps up
give torres a break , he's been on only seconds created a chance , buffon did well tbf . evidently a man is needed up
happy st patrick's day from lukey luke--most important happy birthday granbee !!
you know todays jadens birthday ? do we still have to bring stuff for the party ?
thoughts and prayers with everyone in ottawa in the wake of this shocking news .
shooting at parliament in ottawa , canadian embassy under lockdown in washington what the fuck is going on ?!
the first amendment is #1 because it contains our most important rights . not allowing people to stand still is a huge violation .
i have been saying for a while we need to demilitarize . .
i wish i could believe everyone will just accept and get on with the decision but i can't quite see it ! 18 months on
so enjoying the with rob and karen lane on
mom and i voted together at darby elementary as we have for over 12 years !
voted ! made it to the polls as well ! excited for results to come in .
after copious obama bashing , bloomberg says and climate change tips his endorsement to potus .
bloomberg endorses obama , citing climate change in wake of hurricane sandy ! the idiot hasn't seem enough of the obama destruction ?
poland 1 -1 russia good game end to end
goal alert ! poland 1 - 1 russia - great goal
love has flown all alone i sit and wonder whyeyeyeyoh why you left me , oooh
is there a chance you could be affected by sandy ?
if hurricane sandy hits dc , i think i'll have officially gone through all natural disasters . blizzards , earthquakes , tornadoes , floods , etc .
we was watching the lil reese video rt rt why the fk didn't anyone tell me about this hurri
sxsw just got more real
photo : rsvp for the bbms & brewsters gifting suite on 3 /15 to see me & !!!
due to storm sandy we are having our halloween celebration , give-a-treat , get-a-treat , tomorrow night ! join us
bo to govt ., do whatever possible to aid victims of sandy ! that's good ! why didn't he say that for the benghazi victims ? fly a jet over !
happy st . patrick's day ! you and griffin are two drops of water ! he is enormous and handsome ! enjoy the day joey !
wishing one and all a very happy st . patrick's day . enjoy !!!!
is so intense it woke me up . i got up to see what's happening . part of back-yard fence is down .
why is hurricane sandy called sandy ? does anyone even know why ?
i believe that obama will win . cannot ignore fact : in 2008, 96 % blacks voted for obama ; this time 94 % likely to do so .
hopefully early voting edge will give mitt a win in ohio today !!!
paris attacks create a dilemma for travelers : as paris tries to recover from the terr
paris attacks create a dilemma for travelers : as paris tries to recover from the terror att
happy st . patrick's day ! cheers to all my irish friends !
happy st .patrick's day !!!! come get lucky with us
live : at least 2 dead after nepal quake ; pm modi calls up emergency meet
hope all friends in nepal and northern india are safe and not facing much damage and losses . prayers .
i find a lot of these commercials unmemorable . i wonder how much sm will prove me wrong . # lsc 440
i know i live under some kind of rock but what is ?
paris attacks reaction : australia says it stands with france : paris attacks reaction : australia says its thoughts and 'solidarity' ar
paris attacks reaction : australia says it stands with france : paris attacks reaction : australia says its thoug
these niggas outside shooting yelling obama ! shit is fuckin ghetto as hell i'm this why i can't stand you niggas !!!
obama won ? well we are fucked .
being british i feel like i'm allowed to change my mind about which team i support .. even in the 3 rd quarter :l haha
sterling moore big hit , more important great wrap and tackle .
left florida to avoid the hurricane , landed in hawaii just in time for the tsunami , perfect moana hotel )
back from pahtay and bullshit and going grocery shopping at 3 :30 am in preparation for sandy woo
happy st .patrick day ,to you and your brother and your family thank you booth , dd
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! celebrate the 17 th with these deliciously festive cocktail recipes .
caring about the whole world does not mean making others feel guilty for caring about paris . they're not mutually exclusive .
you praying for paris but you can't even for yourself
van persie !!!!!! let's get one more !!
2 -1! it's gonna be a tense last 15 minutes !
happy st . patrick's day (snow patrick's day )!
yum ! happy st . patrick's day emily !!
final polls from yougov point to obama winning 303 electoral votes ., reuters /ipsos suggests 294, ppp forecasts 332 .
:.time to go vote obama you if u voting for how i feel
bbc news - hurricane sandy : the hidden costs
letterman without an audiencesounds about the same
if i was american id be voting for obama !!
eva , president obama is the best !!!!! we are with him !!!!
i wanna see michelle obama pop that pussy for a real nigga
like to be forced into a union as union thugs stand in your doorway ? trumka says card check is coming if obama wins . vote romney 11 /6!
tough new national security laws , bail rules failed hostages : australian pm : sydney (reuters) - tough new secu
topnews : tough new national security laws , bail rules failed hostages : australian pm : sydney (reuters) - tough
my heart goes out to the people of brussels . . . this cannot keep happening .
our hearts are in brussels . today and always .
the glittery moo moo is not doing it for cee-lo
wow . i feel bad because i know they worked really hard on that and everything but sweet lord .
it's ronaldo's fault he shuda took da 1 st penalty
so i heard spain won at d end of the day
belgium charges suspect linked to brussels attacks (al-jazeera) (1351 gmt )
american man confirmed killed in brussels attacks *not news
what do you all have planned for st . patrick's day ? (or have you already celebrated ?)
let the warm up for st . patricks day begin
sean parker and al gore are starting to speak at
sean parker al gore take the stage at sxsw (you can watch from home ) -
hopefully everybody knows that it's not just obama that changes things , it's mostly congress ..#awkward
obama is one of the most racist mother fuckers still today he can suck a fucjing dick for all i care
breaking : charlie hebdo suspects killed by police -
the charlie hebdo attack and the war within global jihad - brookings institution (blog)
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at peek !
happy st . patrick's day ! how about eating something green today ? in fact , why not just make it a meal . :)
social discovery hottest trend at sxsw :
digital debauchery panel : // march 13 th
the uai team is wishing everyone a happy and safe st . patrick's day ! don't forget to wear your green
a little irish princess olivia popped into our sales office today to wish everyone a happy st patricks day !
cause if obama wins i know i'm staying right here .
who voting for obama just because he black ??
(whdh) mass . officials prepare for arrival of sandy : boston -- massachusetts officials are preparing for the arr
3 am -3pm shift tonight /tomorrow. catching a few zzzzzz's before sandy's approach
lol it's ok , it ;'s money how i see it . yeah havn't seen anything on since this morning ..same crazy track ?
hey , folks ! some gigs comin up ! hurricane for halloween (weather permitting ) sunday 10 /28, 10 p at bowery
the irony of cutler picking romney just dawned on me
and what of the president romney would replace ? for four years , president barack obama has attempted , with
plan_prep_live : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week
jennierinnn : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week
there is no cell service in boston right now . if you cannot reach your loved ones , do not panic .
so what's actually happened in boston ?
david stern hurricane katrina was a few years ago youre thinking of sandy
no david stern didn't just refer to hurricane sandy as hurricane katrina
attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes via (harradox)
attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist attacks shattered a fr teamfollowback
contact wisma putra for latest developments in nepal : kuala lumpur : members of the public can
aid begins flowing into nepal , as more than 1,900 confirmed dead : israel's foreign ministry says 250 citizens
i don't know why but this made me cry with laughter omfg the emphasis its just ahahahahahaha
and for those who lives in new york , please stay safe ! hurricane sandy will come in your way ! scary stuff !
i'm very concerned about sandy .
atlanta students stuck in nyc due to sandy - myfox atlanta
it would make an extra excuse to drink for st patricks day
it's almost st . patricks day
when i was asking patrick for so many things
done right . jameshirt elizannacher a_randel
it's st . patricks day and there's nothing to do
st . patricks day its like bagel day at work .
hurricane sandy affects nacba family . read about it at
hurricane sandy drowns out coverage of white house scandals
happy st . patricks day to all my irish friends out there ! enjoy the day , even thou you still wish you were italian !
happy st . patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish follow you !
only bad thing about florida is hurricane season
hope you and jerry are well-provisioned and safe ! no hurricane parties without me , okay ?
isis pharma considers name change after paris attacks : isis pharmaceuticals is tired of sharing a name with th
take note all paris attackers identified so far are european nationals
prayers are with boston and this nation too . y'all need help !
thought and prayer goes to the people in boston
(#houston_0998) brussels raids continue as police disperse 'fascists' in capital : arrests cont (#houston_0998)
brussels raids continue as police disperse 'fascists' in capital : arrests continue across europe ,
twitter out of control right now .. seen a 'fuck god ' tweet , muslims blamed for boston ppl saying obama dont c
i blame carrie for the boston explosions
obama is doing a great job dealing with the mess hurricane sandy has created .
that sure was some blow job , sandy :
thoughts are with those in paris on this awful night
completely shocked by these horrible , orchestrated attacks . stay safe paris .
all sbux stores closed in nyc and long island . now that's a crisis .
stocking up for sandy at historic levels : pre-storm shopping in the region was at a level befitting the magnitude of
activity aviation intensively over the west bank now
majority of the pictures on social media using the hashtags and are pallywood ..
the babny office will be closed monday , october 29 th due to hurricane sandy . we will be on email while power permits
wow , sandy !! was it something we said ?
ran through a downpour to get to my first session andit's at capacity . now , i'm annoyed and wet .
so does social media drive tv ratings ? answers from bravo , mtv , shazam and food network
updated blog post : missing captain of tall ship claimed by hurricane sandy made an impact in - boston globe :
hurricane sandy : the haarp chemtrails and aerosol geoengineered storm of the century via
good luck to businesses in the mid-atlantic region . here is a sba hurricane preparedness checklist .
*sigh* so d hurricane is getting to our side !
theres loads of people actually thinking brussels is in germany
ask iran usa about the control of terror :they must know
jan crawford says romney camp says it misjudged enthusiasm and independent voters .
wonder what stock market futures are doing ?
uk student killed in nepal earthquake : tributes are paid to british backpacker matthew carapiet by his
dtn italy : uk student killed in nepal earthquake : tributes are paid to british backpacker matthew carapiet by
don't forget to vote ! baby , it's close : romney , obama final-hours push to win swing states :
make sure yall vote ! bc if romney get in office .. its over for us ! vote !
thank you facebook for notifying my my random facebook friend who i dont talk to was marked safe during the eathquake in nepal
delighted to be playing at supporting the charity fundraiser at tonight - in aid of the victims of the
its half time . 2 nil to spain . silva and alba .
spain's uniforms make me want to order big macs from them
27 -20 patriots tom brady will not lose to the same team twice in the . he gets ring number 4 today
they wanna play another defensive lineman in case of fatigue and also activated ochocinco .
hurricane sandy ? let it go bankrupt
here is the current track of hurricane sandy . looks to cause major havoc on the northeast early next week .
the trends are for obama . some bookmakers are already paying out . carol dorey . poll analyst .u.s.
omg it is , so it went through as obama
is everyone having a happy st . patrick's day ?
happy st . patrick's day ! thanks for the cute pic !
when someone pinches me on st . patrick's day
still , happy st . patrick's day , buddy .
sooo , why are the ice caps melting ? and hurricane sandy ? and record heat waves ?
hurricane sandy ruined my shoes today .
germany go ahead with 'solidarity' friendly after paris attacks
5 of the 7 arrest yesterday in paris have direct links to the attacks
please follow me , it would mean so much . a hurricane just hit nyc and i love you j
please follow me , it would mean so much . a hurricane just hit nyc and i love you k
happy st . patrick's day . on for lucky 7 % off today only !
happy st . patrick's day cod fans !
this is what the chicago river looks like on st . patricks day .
a little funny for your st . patrick's day !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bvswdrnoks
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ntt7a46for
8 days left warriors . stay out of sandy's path , b gr8 !
my cat that hasn't been inside for over a year is now laying in my bed because of the hurricane . yay ! i missed her
be grateful you're able to take your kids trick or treating . people affected by hurricane sandy aren't as fortunate .
could this hurricane have been divine intervention ? seems like it was needed to clear the air .
thoughts go out to the victims and families of the boston bombings - just awful x
thoughts to all my friends in boston tonight
and now we have st patricks day puns ? tumblr employees have 2 much time on their hands
oh yeah tomorrow is st patricks day right
boston mayor to miss st . patrick's parade over exclusion of gay marchers : boston (reuters) - boston's irish-am
boston mayor to miss st . patrick's parade over exclusion of gay marchers : boston (reuters) -
just seen that we band .. travelled all that way keep playing outside ground :)
good night had over at watching , slurping some coffee eating his chilli . certainly to be done again ! left wanting a new ..
obama calls up romney obama : mitt . romney : obama ? obama : i prefer to be called mr president (extreme troll )
in my opinion , would beat mitt romney in anything
ahahaha he knows the hurricane is coming
the hurricane sandy is such a pussy name for a hurricane it should be like the hurricane niggafucker
happy st patricks day xxxx
happy st . patrick everybody ! today we all are irish ! 3
please pray for all of those being affected by sandy .
praying for the east coast hope everyone gets through sandy safely -#sandy
when my parents tell me about the hurricane
he's flying into a hurricane ! only reason why i'm so worried :(
super typhoon hagupit to lash philippines for 3 days with flooding and high winds : if there's one th
super typhoon hagupit to lash philippines for 3 days with flooding and high winds : if ther
dang sandy , i didn't know it was like thatsmh could've been me
anything better than this hurricane when ya season start
hurricane sandy better not come near me !
r wish hurricane sandy was an excuse .
she a hoe if she dont know who she going to be with during the hurricane yet
wish me luck . my state is getting hit with some of hurricane sandy .. i'm not leaving my 1 d stuff ! lol but i love you . xxxx
disgrace with the fans throwing objects at nani
prediction - germany to win 2 -0, portugal relying too heavily on ronaldo to do well
frightening cctv footage of very very scary .
i checked : all of the people i know that i thought might be affected by the are ok . ptl
charlie hebdo massacre suspects and grocery store gunman reported dead
austerity measures would never cope with in the uk
say obama's full name and feel 100 % american .
saw this fark , and i just had to share . it's big bird's message to mitt romney , the day after .
again sandy , please have several seats .
- hey girl jus heard on the news hurricane sandy is headed your way , hope all is safe
but we still have a soccer game today despite the hurricanei might blow away
best part bout the ride home into the hurricane : parkway south is empty .
links and suggestions of where to donate to help hurricane sandy victims : as you know , new york
links and suggestions of where to donate to help hurricane sandy victims
i hope this hurricane skips us .
liv knows her hurricane facts
i love you , but even you couldn't help that sham of a half-time show ! thank the gods she's done
wow madonna !!! the best half time !!!
then women voting for romney ought to be in a very high paying position now , because romney has shown no interest in your economic health .
will obama b our president ?? less then 48 hr we all will kno
donald trump speaking common sense on the paris attacks migrant crisis : via
paris attacks : the war on terror is not contained ! | texasgopvote via
cant wait for hurricane sandy or was it rainy ?.
watch hurricane sandy live from every corner of new york may god be with you all out there my friends
she sounds almost happy ! wtf .
celebrity sighting ! narduar the human serviette
the way report on the tragedy from brussels makes me wonder if they know
isbpl : brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report : prior to the deadly attacks , the be
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/rfnirvjofe
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/yiwppybvos
i hope we dont have school during the hurricane bc id rather die at home than school
who eva is responsible for naming hurricanes should be fired ! hurricane sandy ??? really
i dont understand what people have against obama , yea he lied but romneys slogan is the same as the kkk .. look it up !
btw should be a foregone conclusion - downed a pint of and withstood a conversation with
happy st . patrick's day from all of us to you ! are you wearing green ??
happy st patrick's day ! i love the josh pic !
cops either don't know the rules of carrying a weapon , or they do and they don't care .
cops want to kill everyone it seems
just give up now . it will never happen . in fact the hatred you are creating to yourselves is worse than a hurricane .
some street in hoboken , nj steel under water . but most street is dry an clean . also nati
bitch im rich , team mitt romney (:
obama or romney : does it make a difference ?
and what about obama .really not that much interested in that topic
lol shit everyone is saying about obama at school today . this is hilarious omg .
tane chan of the shop with her stir-fried cabbage and bacon ! happy st . patricks day !
haha awesome ! happy st . patrick's day to all !!!
holy crap , seriously !? hurricane sandy heading right for us !?
mr twister weather alert : the likely hood of a hurricane sandy greatly impacting the north east late this weekend
if you love your mama then vote for obama . for you mama
if you have any shred of intelligence and /or you think rape is wrong , vote obama tomorrow .
there's a hurricane happening but we're going to pa for halloween .#nolife
sandy is welcome as long as she brings snow .
i really feel like st patrick's day is just an excuse for in the closet alcoholics to drink on a monday .
patrick greenballs . is that some kind of joke ?
happy st . patrick's day ! (and president's day too .)
march 17, happy st . patricks ' day . bingcrosby .
many happy returns . enjoy st . patrick's day wherever you are
oh happy st . patricks day to anyone who cares
without a home : the european refugee crisis :
don't reduce either kids will starve !
doing an excellent job covering . good prep for its effects on its way here in
hurricane sandy in new york . what's d current situation over there ?!
whose idea was it over at to start talking utter nonsense about and sport ?
a non political independent assessment by top selling financial magazine . i am convinced is the way forward .
protest made thanks to all who came out ! . thanks
cop assigned 2 ferguson protests threatens attorney general holder
brussels attack : third man in surveilance photo sought by belgian police : in grainy im
brussels attack : third man in surveilance photo sought by belgian police
people say obama is the worst president of all time . just remember the house of representatives (republicans) didn't let him do much .
but you'll see your favorite uncle
glad to hear this ! oh , and happy st .patrick's day !!!
happy st patrick's day to you and x x
our community is ready to accept refugees
our community is ready to welcome refugees
they sure do like to ski in poland .
come on poland !!!!! living in southampton it seems as you should be my 2 nd team ! lol
clinton screwed monoca ; obama screwed america !#voteobamaoutb4hescrewsupandkillsusall
if obama wins the election i'm leaving the us .if romney wins i'm leaving the us . this isn't a political tweet , i just really want to travel .
happy st patricks day for you and your kids x
st . patrick's day bloody mary bar at
yesterday i asked to discount calls to nepal . calls now free to 9 may . ??
keep nepal and baltimore in your prayers .
as long as yo party got hot wingz . um in there
usiku haunga svike here thots
(#teambrianmundial) brussels on edge : terror charges laid , peace rally cancelled : arrests (#teambrianmundial)
brussels on edge : terror charges laid , peace rally cancelled : arrests continue across europe , a
we need transfer of relief materials to out of valley into affected sites asap ! 4 days and no relief in many places .
where's ?they sent 450 tons of aid includin medical supplies 100,000 ready 2 eat meals 4
dude , car bombings there happen once a month , at least . the boston attack was the first attack in us soil since 911 .
multiply a 100 fold and you start to understand what people of n ireland suffered for 30 years due to us fund
homes flattened as typhoon hagupit roars through visayas , south luzon a powerful , slow-moving
another super typhoon hagupit sweeps across philippines
mt edelman uses facebook to organize team ( find spare rooms with electricity ) post-sandy
new england in ruins : recalling the great hurricane of '38
. rob when i heard of the attacks in paris . i was at ufc 193 in austrila . i would love to step into the octagon with u bub
more acceptable than the casualties in paris .
that was actually a good half time show !!
half-time show , your thoughts ?
if the hurricane could hold off until after i eat the sushi dinner in the fridge that'd be great
can i be back in deer park i dont care if there's a hurricane i miss my friendssss
our thoughts are with our friends and colleagues in paris .
my heart bleeds for them . ang sakit lang ! heartless terrorists . nobody deserves that kind of death .
german airlines say 2 people must be in cockpit at all times after germanwings crash : four days after a 27 -year-old co-pilot locked h
german airlines say 2 people must be in cockpit at all times after germanwings crash via mashable
herbandezn : nepal earthquake death toll passes 2,400
socialmarketms : nepal earthquake death toll passes 2,400
happy st patrick's day !, the national drinking day for all the irish ! :)
i . should . not . be . awake . right . now . ps . happy st . patricks day
missed the point this is about how blacks are treated , loss of 1 st amendment rights , police militarization .
doesn't matter what race the gov't classifies you as , everyone in missouri should be shoulder to shoulder standing their ground
another hr n then back to st patrick's day
oliver wintzell knows how it's done on st . patrick's day
happy st .patrick's day ! hope everyone has a lucky day !
happy st . patrick's day ! stop by for a tasty lunch - $13.25
great day ! 1 ) my first day working for myself , 2 ) at , and 3 ) apple announcements from wwdc .
so excited waiting a crucial match france vs england . i support england
we offer our deepest condolences to the people of brussels and stand with a win tomorrow for .
in sum substance u mean isis should b allowed to berserk .
happy st patrick's day from the pettits
st patricks day necklaces though
my prediction : six more weeks of winter .
giants but don't tell rt new york giants or new england patriots ?
!! 'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapse via
'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed july 20 in lagos
via sxsw interactive goes retro : a celebration of analog at a digital fest
dtn technology news : sxsw interactive goes retro : a celebration of analog at a digital fest : when most people th
happy st . patrick's day from ! cheers !
my nails looks something like this for st patrick's day |d
happy st . patrick's day ! hahaha
happy st . patrick's day from your ginger leprechaun ! 3
many thanks for getting involved . if any situation required human rights support , it would be the tragedy in
i'm just waiting for someone to come out and tell us where the these confiscated blunt are and how many are there
i'm hearing hurricane sandy is supposed to hit ny harder than irene did .
make it a hurricane before i go insaneeee
wtf ?!? snow ?!?!? guess lots of people are still dreaming of a white america .
vows to reach out to rivals following his reelection
atlanta-based organization , map international responding to nepal tragedy
our hearts and prayers go out to everyone in nepal
journalists battle self-censorship , intimidation police violence to report
journalists battle self-censorship , intimidation police violence
st . patrick's day party house ! turn up !
happy st . patricks day fuckers ;)
for god's sake , one of my best friends is in paris to study there and i'm afraid i'm terrified
my thoughts are with everyone in paris . what has our world become ?
hurray ! my presentation 'st. patricks day ' on has just crossed 2400 views
celebrating the second day of patrick's day in joshua cafe !!!!!!!!!! :)
looking for a way to help following the ? donate to nepal fund .
if anyone want to buy blankets or throw fo nepal earthquake victims this would be good for sending over there
happy st . patrick's day from fixx solutions !
proud be irish happy st patricks day to everyone even if you're not irish
i bet everyone is getting drunk for st . patrick's day
st patricks day ceili in honour of our patron saint
a look at key developments in the paris attacks $ap $news
donald trump wants to shut down mosques after the paris attacks ??? that is literally the dumbest thing i've ever heard .
goal portugal . pepe header from corner . identical with schevchenko goal .
yeees !!! go portugal !;) niceeeely done !
alright , now let's get back to praying for paris !
joins mourners at streetside vigil for those killed in attacks
hurricane sandy , you now have my attention :
are meteorologists amping up their sandy warning just to make sure the italians don't come after them if all hell breaks
hurricane sandy passing near great abaco island , wind field continuing to expand with maximum sustained winds of
frankenstorm watch : here's the freshest forecast map for hurricane sandy : from the national weather service , upd
office back up and running . sandy is out of here . conference is ready to roll at starting on monday .
occupy's message : why can't it be this awful all teh times ? rt no subways . no electricity . no chains . #c
happy st patrick s day xxxx
thank you and have a great st . patrick's day !
really appreciate the effort of n for the help for the ppl of nepal in this
manakamana temple destroyed , one of the most sacred shrines in nepal . pics now before
even though im not american gewoon obama , the other guy seemed a proper tw @
congrats obama for being re-elected as the president of the us
donate : edm magazine hurricane sandy relief fund
blame it on the hurricane :p i miss you
guinness drops out of new york st patrick's day parade ..doesn't like catholic family values via
happy birthday to all the patricks out there
well done spain ! european championship 2012 champions .
wish i was in spain tonight ! time
there's only so much green you should engage in on st .patricks day
it was st . patricks day today ? whaatttt
. fate of paris mastermind unclear after raid , but intel sources reportedly say he's dead - isis video praises paris /#breaking
[fox news ] fate of paris mastermind unclear after raid , but intel sources reportedly say he's [united states ]
i think it's only appropriate to have a breakfast sandy this morning
aniyah her baby waiting on sandy
don't forget that obama bailed out the banksters , didn't prosecute one of them , nor war crimes or
if obama doesnt win , america will fall . really mitt ? taking away birth control ? asshole
the best thing about obama winning is that key and peele can still make skits
feels good to wake up and know that barack obama is still my president .
video : did it go too late for you last night ? watch highlights of obama's speech .
let's celebrate together the victory of obama in the next shows here in brazil !
i think hurricane sandy is here or hurcane sandy as they say round here
there may be no fema or red cross deployed in powerless lower manhattan now , but there are lots of food trucks
. is collecting donations for victims of in u .s. and caribbean .
wow ! 765 members helping respond to , with nearly 1,000 more on standby for assignments .
hurricanes are what they're called in america .
my thoughts are w / those in the us who have been or are being affected by hurricane sandy .. may god be w / u ..
happy st . patricks day to all of our friends around the world !!
i'm making corned beef you're welcome , st . patrick's day .
germanwings co-pilot 'wanted to destroy aircraft ' via cnn
germanwings co-pilot 'wanted to destroy aircraft ' via
on a completely related note , did i really just iron my st . patrick's day tuxedo t-shirt ? no no i did not .
finally processed and uploaded to youtube , the full 2014 st . patrick's day parade
happy st . patrick's day from park clayton apartments in dogtown !
happy st .patricks day from a real irishman
nancy pelosi said in september that everyone knew obama was going to win . was the fix in then ?
obama wins and here he comes with his 3 beautiful woman of his life - via
: experts : hurricane sandy to become rare hybrid storm - newsday : the hinduexperts : hurricane
news experts : hurricane sandy to become rare hybrid storm - newsday : the hinduexperts : hurricane sandy to become
help to make purifier today apr 29 at 11 ammadan bhandari college
arriving in tomorrow around noon . looking for journalists to team up with .
second american infected with ebola in 'deadliest outbreak ever '
creative loafing - first drip (7/28/14): charlotte missionary infected with ebola , u .n. calls for cease-fire in ga
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in ottawa today , hope everyone stays safe .
to all those working in and around parliament today , stay safe . we will get through this .
how to have better conversations about paris
explore the paris attacks memorial at the place de la republique with this 360 video .
game on ! love watching pirlo play
well well . mario balotelli . germany trail .
happy st . patrick's day , happy birthday to grace frye , and don't forget to get your fundraising on for 30 hour famine !!
happy st . patrick's day ! enter to win !
dressed in green for st patrick's day !
it's not beer , but at least its green . happy st . patrick's day
yo fuck hurrucane sandy party on saturday hmu 4 info
just a few edits i worked on during hurricane sandy :)
cartoonists honor charlie hebdo - cool hunting
perhaps this will shut some ignorants up -the police officer killed was muslim
obama defs won my twitter poll
no he's shit ok dj look at obama he has 20 million followers rich has a million great sure port for rick there
welcome back and happy st . patrick's day ! make sure that you are in full uniform . have a great day !
shirt of the day : happy st . patrick's day to all
today we pray for the tragedy in brussels .
at least 31 killed in terror attacks at brussels airport , metro station | fox news | now u know why we stay armed !
prayers go out to all suffering from especially those in the heart of the storm
had a dream i was in the middle of hurricane sandy ..
hot apps and web services of sxsw : sonar is able to establish personal connections by cross r
a band for you to check out at sxsw : if you please
i look forward to sitting down with romney to talk about where we can work together to move this country forward . obama http
its okay to be gay , obama is supporting you .3
st patricks day is gonna be mental now , fair play to them
fuck st patrick's day is gonna be mental
you're in my thoughts and prayers , paris . : (
crazy stuff going on in paris , life is precious friends
you are our first an our last an this this this is what the his try books will remember tear gas k9 rubber pellets
foxnews panel on race in america composed exclusively of white people .
yesterday's results sure make me feel good about the house not pushing issues , not wanting to make obama a sympathetic character .
obama took our star wars !
happening now across america 4 . ucan pray 4 wherevr ur . takes 1 min .details:
both excited and terrified for the returns tonight . whoever wins will have some serious nation-healing to do .
as much as i love the fact that this is the only trending item on facebook is disappointing
i believe the police department qualifies as a criminal enterprise and should be prosecuted by the feds under the rico act .
fg set to create isolation centres at international airports to curb spread of ebola virus
battabox live -- ebola virus in lagos !! join us here : / /
ima real post up on my porch wit my rain gear on just to see if i can see shyt flyin being tossed by da hurricane
what's it like nearly having a hurricane named after you ?
the pray for paris story makes me happy to know all those people really do care it's so sweet i'm still prayin for ya paris
in defense of people sharing their memories of paris
rollingstonealbmrev : asap rocky sxsw show ends in brawl : an asap rocky show at sxsw came to a messy end as a bra
rollingstonesongrev : asap rocky sxsw show ends in brawl : an asap rocky show at sxsw came to a messy end as a bra
: nigeria isolates hospital in lagos as obama briefed on ebola outbreak : lagos (reuters via
reuters : nigeria isolates hospital in lagos as obama briefed on ebola outbreak
balotelli's attitude had been impressive today so far , very little moaning and good tracking back , could be dangerous next season
watching italy - croatia you gotta watch as many games as you can
i just realized that i can watch in high definition ! fuck you , ptv !
just saw the title sequence for the first time . ha ha ha , that's deadful ! paper mache ? really ??
usually i dont care about most things but its really bothering me knowing what this stupid hurricane did to nyu hope all is well there .
if i am not wrong , even apna hockey player sandeep singh is called - 'sandy' by his team mates . :-)
i actually can't stand st . patricks day
so tomorrow is st . patrick's day !?
st . patrick day on the beach at south padre .
best ways to celebrate st . patrick's day in
hurricane sandy video , the first world edition : (via
this is hurricane sandy cant believe it zoo ! first year suites
romney's tax cut is badit means that those rich people would not have to pay what they're capable of paying get your facts right
3 obama love !!!! :) xx what a man !!! !!
watching shocked that no one brought up that mitt is a mormon ! nor that republicans unfairly attacked obama constantly
i like obama , obama's cool .
from armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source
update - afp reports an armed man has taken a hostage in a kosher grocery in paris
how the hell does this make sense ? lol that hurricane was a hype beast !
mt what to do before , during , and after a : | on your phone :
an special report on now with latest from paris .
how to save money and get cheap eurostar tickets to paris , disneyland , brussels and amsterdam
just saw a house close to my house the tree in front of their house got uprooted by sandy . thank god for their lives and home same as mine
sandy aftermath : did our infrastructure pass the test ?
updated information : flights are departing /arriving from boston logan airport with no delays .
no one bombs boston and gets away with it u dirka fucks !
obamabring yo black ass out !!!!
nigga fuck yo emotions , have a nice fucking night alone , with your bottle of lotion , while obama get some
you are going to hear a lot more about the in less than 48 hours
who are the other kenyans apart from the rawal family ?
happy st . patrick's day ! showing my and my
see the london st patrick's day parade from
brussels attack : infosys employee from bengaluru missing in brussels
almost three days after brussels attack , infosys employee raghavendran still not found
black white hispanic asian native american young old rich poor able disable gay or straight you can make it in america if you try .- b . obama
we did it again !!!! yes we can !!!!! obama all the way beuuurrrbiiii
music news : alejandro escovedo sxsw : annual concert attracts members of r .e.m. + more : filed under : concerts and
spinner latest : alejandro escovedo sxsw : annual concert attracts members of r .e.m. + more : filed unde
new 8 bodies recovered from downed u .s. marine chopper in nepal
all 8 bodies recovered from downed us marine chopper in nepal - los angeles times
thanks so much for the rt's // happy st . patricks day ! :) ^ve
happy st . patrick's day ! stay green and safe !
first vote in us prez election to be cast right about now . in a small town dixville notch in new hampshire
first votes in the 2012 election just cast in dixville , new hampshire .
arrive in style this st . patrick's day .
happy st patricks day to isa and all at
hurricane sandy . what a mild mannered name for such a destructive bitch
sandy went to pennsylvania and so i go to bed .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fl3urinz1y
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ih6g8sqdz0
is anyone really surprised that obama won ?
i believe in the oneness of the trinity . thank you for favoring pres obama because he honors the trinity too !
what has the world come to :( i hope all hostages in paris return to their homes safely
prayers and thoughts going out to everyone who is being affected in paris
happy st . patrick's day ! rt if your little one is wearing !
just realized it's st . patrick's day .. whoopty doo !
boston , we share your grief .
windham runner : 'the boston marathon will be back ' - windham , nh patch
press reporting that their players were 'welcomed like kings ' in .
want your winners ,runners up and how far will england ireland go ? ' probably not passed the groupstage
why is everyone acting like electing obama is like electing an anti-christ ? your beliefs probably don't even qualify romney as a christian .
barack obama victory speech 2012 full text : president barack obama delivered his victory speech last for winning
wishing everyone happy holi and a blessed st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day ! have a nice drink !
and they all got to brussels and paris by passing thru a canadian border point , right ?
wow reporter calls nation in brussels , racist extremists , what the hell is going on . they are killing us and people are defending them
chk this out lootrs plague hurricane victims post-sandy
my thoughts are with all victims of sandy . how tragic to have your whole life flipped upside down from something you have no control over .
big st patricks day congratulations to as he qualifies as a specialist .
mmm ^.^ so sexy :d happy saint patrick's day to you too !
happy st patricks day from my bun bun
happy st patrick's day everyone from fisher !
this is soooo encouraging for those of us who are going in to vote romney strong tomorrow !!!! retweet !!!
lol whaaaaaaa ? you've never given me a dirty look in my lifeare you an obama-supporter ?
hurricane sandy truth or dare party ;) lol
q : what did the people from comic cons tell the hurricane sandy ?a: sandy-ayy-goooo diego :p
stay off my twitter . sandy ..
still finding fragments due to hurricane sandy costume
photo : woaaaaah bombs girl ! (taken with gifboom )
kelly clarkson nailed it ! and with that my live tweets end bc i won't understand anything else that happens .
for 15 hours tomorrow the people of scotland have complete control of their own destiny , and we should keep that power for good
q ,how can you tell when is telling the truth ?a,you can't he's a politician
pakis rape kids : video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north ov
pakis rape kids : video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over
how yall gonna name sum terrifying hurricane . named sandy ? -.-
hurricane sandy , she comes she fucks shit up she leaves
some newsies grow up wanting to work for cnn or fox . i grew up wanting to work for france 24 . my heart hurts for paris tonight .
what a mad world we live in . thoughts with paris
big up man like patrick
good morning and happy st patrick's day-who is going to start the week with a guiness ?!
abc news : sandy downgraded from hurricane to tropical storm
sandy : serious as a heart attack via
this is what happens when you believe you don't need sedouf anymore .
this is my fault , as i wished rvp would have a mare . yes everyone , he's shit now , so don't sign him
ebola no get cure my bro , am not going
ebola virus : symptoms , treatments and prevention | all you need to know : ebola i
giants qb eli manning's hoboken apartment building is among the flooded after .
for anyone who needs assistance with food after hurricane sandy :citymeals is delivering htt
pilot locked out of cockpit prior to germanwings crash in france
techblog pilot was locked out of germanwings cockpit before crash
go at your home ! there is an attentat to paris !
hoping for everyone's safety in paris and sending love . this is heartbreaking news .
happy st . patrick's day to you !! can dig them shoes ? stockings ?
happy st . patrick's day ! here's why you should be visiting dublin this spring
like the nearly 5 thousand ppl that have died in nepal and the war on terrorism things that actually affect the world
oh lord i pray for nepal .god cleanse the tears of people of nepal .
happy st . patrick's day from kandy magazine !
happy st patrick's day and happy holi to all those celebrating ! :)
another former kerryman reporter returns to the scene of the crime ! good luck des .
fine gael : never missing an opportunity to miss an opportunity since 1933
'media designated area ' is the new 1 st amendment
loving this police work right now ..probably making phone calls asking 2 help control
so yeah this was my first st . patrick's day pack
happy st . patrick's day people ! it's a special day cause its an excuse to pinch the person you never liked so hard ! lol
i want company but i know that no one's gonna come see me and hurricane sandy's coming lmao
two hour delay ill take it ..thanks sandy
atlantic city -an icononic hub of gambling nightly color - b4 sandy
photo : atlantic city -an icononic hub of gambling nightly color - b4 sandy
no - hurricane passed directly over us but miraculously we didn't lose power ! thnx 4 ur prayers :)
thank you for deciding to donate the $5m to sandy relief efforts .
i won't be making any further posts today out of respect for what happened in paris .
paris today . beirut yesterday . afghanistan , syria , iraq everyday .
oh yeah ! happy st . patricks day niall !
woke up with a headache this morning . aren't you supposed to wake up with a headache after st . patrick's day ?
the situation in paris is utterly horrific . thoughts going out to everyone . heartbreaking .
paris , you are in our thoughts . stay safe , stay strong .
can italy hit the net please ?
balotelli has no class . god he's annoying to watch . never had this much dislike for an italy player
i loathe chicago on st . patricks day .
is anyone else as stoked for st . patrick's day as i am !?
obama wins ? i no longer want to live in this country .
ironical . when we as a nation wanted romney to win .
if people really think the picture of inside the theatre in paris is real you're truly idiots ! put your gun control bullshit on another pic .
gutter journalism of the finest tradition of the mirror .
happy st patrick's day ! anyone like ? we've come up with our very own rld one :
happy st . patrick's day , ! stay warm , too !
thanks for your much needed snarkiness on the police's handling of
fergusons white mayor says no racial divide in his ~60% black city controlled by a ~96% white police force hmmmm
happy st . patricks day beautiful barbz .
morning ! i love what you've done with the place ! :) happy st . patricks day !
sandy should take instagram with her right now !
as the americans in east coast embrace the deadly super storm sandy i extend our solidarity with the friendly people
obama is going to win so republicans just stay home your vote means nothing . :)
important novel on president obama and his personal problems before you vote on nov election
portland-based mercy corps organizing relief
whole night in party palace , women are with infant in chill night .
what happening in ottawa is horrific . let's wait before we speculate as to causes or connections with global events .
photo : inside caucus room at canada's parliament after shooting - grahamctv photo : inside caucus room at canada '
happy st . patrick's day ralphy love the green bow tie very handsome .
and we dance all night to the best song ever ! st patrick's day ,that go you to make ? hahaha
toi - us in state of emergency as hurricane sandy approaches : hurricane sandy grew stronger today as it churned n
us in state of emergency as hurricane sandy approaches : hurricane sandy grew stronger today as it churned northw
body of the suspected mastermind of the paris attacks , abdelhamid abaaoud , has been identified among those killed in yesterday's police raid
ap : french prosecutors say the suspected mastermind of paris attacks was killed in police raid on wednesday .
fuck pinching for st patricks day . i feel like a punch would bring out the spirit
good morning i hope you have a happy st . patrick's day
german prosecutors confirm only 1 pilot was in cockpit at crash , don't know who via
: : german prosecutors confirm only 1 pilot was in cockpit
my thoughts go out to all those affected in the brussels attack .
sending prayers to the people and families of brussels .
laura got her st patricks on last night :)
in 24 hours ! doors at 7 pm . $10. cd release !
happy st . patrick's day from myld tutor ! always an opportunity for education - check out this article on the
in honor of st patricks day , seriously though , how much can drink ?
having a cheeky mid day nap in preparation for 2 k12 - better see that salsa tonigh
yes but about commercials not the game . oh and not during halftime .
ushss sports roundup for august 21 st : the host practice for county football teams and more !
this situation has gone too far . it's not white vs black . it's someone who after 4 shots
'parliament hill is under attack ': reports indicate a shooting has occurred on parliament hill in
sincerely hope that everyone working on or near parliament hill today is safe .
video : hollywood actress in nepal aid plea : hollywood actress michelle yeoh , who was caught up in t
temas del dia : video : hollywood actress in nepal aid plea
three democratic presidential candidates will gather in des moin
paris , isis dominate debate : three democratic presidential candidates will gather in des moines , io
happy st patrick's day !, lots of fun last night !
happy st . patrick's day !!! (leprechauns theme ):
dtn olympics 2012 : 76 ers forward and romney supporter lavoy allen didn't let last night's election results stop
[deadspin] 76 ers forward and romney supporter lavoy allen didn't let last night's election results stop him from
..obama win god help us all : via
good morning ! if you went to bed early are just waking uppresident barack obama won his re-election
i'm really worried i pray obama wins or i'm fuckedd
the media is seriously so biased towards obama
i need you hurricane sandy
if you're in the path of hurricane sandy , please stay safe ! if you live alone , try to find someone /ppl to stay with in case of emergencies .
almost half of irish businesses believe will negatively affect them . only 5 % think they will be better off .
liam i am an expenses cheat - makes case for 5 million more people .
i hope everyone made it through sandy ok . : /
we have hot water still .yonkers 1 sandy 1
biggest yes vote at recorded in dundee city , biggest no vote came in the orkney islands
salmond tells the same old tired anecdote yet again
look who just touched the stage .0
photo : look who just touched the stage .0 (taken with instagram )
news sxsw in a nutshell : homeless people as hotspots : south by southwest 2012 can be summarized thusly : an media
sxsw in a nutshell : homeless people as hotspots : south by southwest 2012 can be summarized thusly : an from
mitt looks like he just took a major shit .
there's tht shit face !!! hahahahaha didn't make the cut !
(washtimes local ) virginia woman , daughter among passengers in germanwings plane crash
germanwings unveils air crash victims ' nationalities
philly /ny/md/va peoples :
sandy , sandy cheeks , spongebob , nobody was fuckin with sandy
thoughts go out to all in france
: hostage taker at kosher market in eastern paris is dead , police confirm via
thank you sandy now no school xd
dear sandy ,i need my powerinternet backsincerely , the east coast
wtf it's saint patrick's day tomorrow
shit its st patricks day tomorrow ??
st . patrick's day isn't until monday .
happy st . patricks day (a little early )
happy st patrick's day ! (a green guy is the best i could do ).
happy st patricks day to everyone ! up moving just need one more coffee !
happy st patrick's day killian
happy st .patrick's day to you too . i love you .xxxxxoooooo
my head is pointier now thanks to this spain-italy starting 11 selection .
hey today italy will win like 2 -0 to spain ! what do you think man ?
if you good tools that help people do good things they while exhibit that behavior . biz stone
congrats to for winning our x sxsw giveaway ! if you didn't win , don't worry . more contests coming soon !
: european union to crack down on bitcoin after paris attacks : countries in
european union to crack down on bitcoin after paris attacks : countries in the eu are reportedly planning
start of the year i picked 4 also and 2 are in the be a tight game but the pats will just edge it
does become the main man-ning tonight ? -
god bless everyone caught in storm . i hope everyone stays safe .
hurricane sandy = relentless waves and wind just kept coming all night
wish we could do lot more than just saying pray for nepal :'(
volunteers also donating blood for needypeoples in nepal who was injuredbadly .salute to ur dedication 4 humanity
ebola 101 : the facts behind a frightening virus : health workers have called the ebola outbreak in west africa
ebola 101 : the facts behind a frightening virus - the ebola outbreak in west africa is the largest and deadliest
.. theres a hurricane coming next week ?! ts
i hear a hurricane is coming up there
may the luck o ' the irish be with you on this st . patrick's day !
we go all out for st . patrick's day .
what do you think about this seism of nepal ?
i'm so sad feeling so helpless . wish there's something we could do to help people of nepal
racism still exists !! white people rioting at ole miss after hearing obama won again !! smh ..
i personally don't care if our president is black , white , blue , purple , or clear ! as long as he does right . he's ok with me .#obama
happy st . patrick's day from carter !
comptopinka : happy st . patrick's day , folks !
rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . itn's dan
rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person via
good meeting you at sxsw g
mumford amp ; sons perform new tune following sxsw documentary screening
i didn't do my homework cause there was hurricane
dam the knicks nets game got postponed cause of hurricane aftermath
to think that the bombing in boston was right in front of the hotel i stayed at a couple years ago
feel sorry for everyone injured in boston
happy st . patrick's day , for all those who celebrate it !
tomorrow . tomorrow is st . patrick's day .
frankenstorm ! forecaster's frightful name for sandy sticks : some names for hurricane sandy .
they are calling hurricane sandy frankenstorm lol
google event cancelled due to hurricane sandy !
thanks , sandy : google's october 29 event officially cancelled
pro romney adm /gen paid for full page endorsement in washington times today . sends loud signal
obama fought and won on platform of 'hope'..rahulg should do it on 'dope'..would really draw the youth to congress
score final : esp 1 (fabregas) - ita 1 (di natale )
that's it ! it's a draw , spain 1 -1 italy !
what do them assistant refs do stood near the penalty box ? they don't seem to do right much !
that was really funny ,, 9 edga wallah el ka3bi yay hni tnam ?? loooool
mitt is a little bitch if you ask me !
we need to start helping and healing it . obama won . he better take advantage of this second term because we don't have 4 years to waste .
front page of london evening standard says it all really , the union is a false , archaic myth .
people's behavior in george square right now is shocking . now is not the time for the silent majority to scream and shout !
(#houston_0998) asian stocks rebound after paris attacks : asian stocks rebound as investors lo (#houston_0998)
( ) asian stocks rebound after paris attacks : asian stocks rebound as investors ( )
hurricane sandy ..sexy name ,unsexy hurricane
have you seen 'a daring rescue amidst hurricane sandy ' on rediff yet ?you should and now
happy st patrick's day to all the and to the lovely
happy st . patricks day to you to ashley
happy st patrick's day :) not too bad a day for it either .
happy st . patrick's day from nashville cat clinic !
yay ! st .patricks day means 'luck of the irish ' is going to be playing on disney channel
st patricks day is tm tho
nova scotians warned to keep track of hurricane sandy - ng news
nova scotians warned to keep track of hurricane sandy - ng news | novascotia news
my prediction : spain 0 -1 italy
min 15 : italian midfield not combining 2 gtr to build da attack n jus giving da ball away
thank you marcus !! we are strong !! never quit !!
the attack on charlie hebdo : terror in paris
this is the first year i can actually vote
from switzerland it amazes me how can anyone vote for romney his opinion on foreign politics , abortion , health is almost criminal
no bedroom tax /poll tax could be imposed on scotland again under new measures , gordon brown tells fife rally
impressed with gordon browns efforts over gamechanger ? would make a good 1 st min . still wouldnt vote for him into wm tho .
says , the result of an inflammatory videosays next step ..
video : a 63 year old man is in custody after the overnight shooting and siege near via
anonymous t1m35 : terrorism unlikely in germanwings crash , french officials say see more
fb's stories : terrorism unlikely in germanwings crash , french officials say see more
when people say obama 2012 you obvisiously don't even know about your candidate cause its obama 2013 .
all these kids who say they love obama but probably don't even follow politics
happy st . patrick's day !! lets make this monday lucky !
happy st patrick's day ! who was celebrating this weekend ?
worried about you friends out east . take care and stay safe . hurricane sandy looks nasty .
a message to customers affected by hurricane sandy :
dtn kerala : over 1,300 indians evacuated from earthquake-hit nepal : the defence ministry spokesperson said it
over 1,300 indians evacuated from earthquake-hit nepal : the defence ministry spokesperson said it was the thir
happy st . patrick's day from tcs !
happy st . patrick's day ! beware the dark side , and be safe today !
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state gov
[lindaikeji] lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips
look at it this way , at least obama has gotten america involved . o .o
breaking news : barry to rename himself kareem-abdul obama and start wearing goggles , also working on his sky hook
what happened in boston happens nearly every day somewhere in the world . when will this senseless violence end ?
things to notice about boston (updated) via
good morning , thank you for this coverage of the ebola outbreak .
cnn news : american doctor infected with ebola - an american doctor trying to quell the ebola outbreak in liberia i
and when adversity touches you at sea , lost are [all] those you invoke except for him .
can't scare a brave ! just gets 'im wet
hope everyone has a happy st . patrick's day . may a leprechaun smile upon you today !
phoneless today ~ happy st . patrick's day !!! go green ;)
this hurricane makes me wanna watch spongebob
hurricane sandy : calling all tolland volunteers - tolland ,
death toll in nepal quake rises to more than 3,200 : mountainside communities in himalayan nation reportedly de
((lifestylenews)) rescuers struggle to reach many in nepal quake , fear worst : rescuers struggle to reach villages near nepal quake ep
happy st .. patricks day !! what are your plans for today ?
tbh ion even know what st .patricks day is for
st . patrick's day is the easiest day to dress up for in this province
st patricks day in cleveland is much better than st patricks day in cali .
many irish over yet for sxsw ?
listening to our own dream by keep shelly in athens on hunted twitter kinect at
didn't even realize today was st . patricks day . oh well
st patricks day party in the for an hour anyway
happy st patrick's day may the luck o the irish be with ya . cheers !
happy st patrick's day to all , hope you don't have green spots on your pillows tomorrow morning ! ! (green beer )
a little st . patrick's day treat enjoy ! we sure will .
happy st .patricks day loves x
totally unaware that it's st patricks day
ncahhh that's nice :* what's st patricks day mean ?
spain like holland has possession without a clean strike . hope it does not the same way .
spain overplay the ball so much ..
are you going to change party's shield for paris ?
this whole paris thing got me fucked up :/
these high-tech archaeological tools will help rebuild nepal's history : as rescue efforts in nepal begin to s
would you like to say or join a livestream for nepal ?
saying extra prayers for those in boston today .
prayers go out to those in boston , i hope those of you who i know out there are all safe ! stay strong !
richard (rj) eskow : god's stimulus ? it'll take more than just money to recover from sandy : hurricane s
politics news : richard (rj) eskow : god's stimulus ? it'll take more than just money to recover from sandy
don't give stupid opinion about paris attack like u are a expert . we actually know nothing about isis and all the terrorist
damn what a mess made in paris
-europe:no more drownings ! -join the global call now //t.co/jqgd87rwax the little children to come to me '?
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3gavocgnqg
museum and school of art closed on friday due to hurricane sandy
wait . what ? i got to deal with a hurricane today as well ?
you do realize there's gonna be a hurricane every year now , right ?
thnx for your patience w / still no hot water , power , maybe 5 more days . divert to
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but despite so
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines (via
cookie , happy st . patrick's day !
more buzz for st patrick r c church : -
israel started it's demolition of gaza . masyaallah !
world's eyes are closed and mouths are sealed by fifa's over israel striking on gaza strip
did david stern just hurricane katrina lmfao i think he meant sandy
did david stern just say hurricane katrina instead of sandy ? lol
thoughts and prayers go out to the people involved in the
v cn hv all the infra to fight terrorism , bt v'll continue to fail as long as the basic infra - mindset to fight isnt there .
so wheres this hurricane at ? is it coming to us ?
dear nfl and the city of philadelphia - do not cancel the eagles game on sunday due to the hurricane . if you do , i wil
pray for paris , qui disait , pray for paris
but david cameron can afford a private jet .
my president is blackmy bud light is bluei bet romney drink coors lightwhat a damn fool
obama a nigga doe alll late for da speech n shyt
that line of reasoning is flawed , but i don't wanna get deep into gun rights conversations with paris happening .
people that are making jokes about paris need to be checked out mentally , because something is seriously wrong with them .
really don't see why english are celebrating st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day !!! now where's the guinness for breakfast ?
happy st . patrick's day ! which green shell are you wearing today ? post a picture of yourself on this page or
erin go bragh ! happy st . patrick's day . this is the only green for me today .
don't get me wrong i'm not anti obama , just can't see why so many people who have no clue about his achievements policies
but during the next elections there'll be no more obama :(
: co-pilot hid sick leave note for crash day , say prosecutors depression via
prosecutors find torn-up sick note signing off work on day of alps crash
pm : 'canada will never be intimidated ': stephen harper calls the deadly ottawa rampage canada
pm : 'canada will never be intimidated ': stephen harper calls the deadly ottawa rampage canada's second terror
hit her wit the hurricane sandy tongue
the only thing i see on tv lately is hurricane sandy and the election between romney obama oh and guess what i live in australia
a very intellectual walk-up to sxsw (read: map of parties ): south by southwest interactive , the legendary and n
a very intellectual walk-up to sxsw (read: map of parties ): south by southwest interactive , the lege
happy st . patrick's day to all !!! who's having something green to eat or drink today ?
happy st patrick's day ! do you plan to celebrate today ? are you wearing green ? tell us how .
romney really wrote a victory speech on the way to the partysmh ..come on son
nice speech mitt ,you are my favorite out of all those republicans
~ s /o to all the people who voted for obama . :)
don't stop , vote that , don't stop , vote that , vote that , vote that , don't stop , vote that , don't stop , vote
business news - four divisive ways sandy is about to get politicized : ready . set . vote . should sandy be politici
four divisive ways sandy is about to get politicized : ready . set . vote . should sandy be politicize
these hurricane sandy tweets are funny asf
ok who's sandy , an alter ego ?
paris terror attacks : - the victim's stories , in pictures : in pics : tributes to some of the 12
paris terror attacks : - the victim's stories , in pictures : in pics : tributes to some of (telg)
city helping collect cash donations for hurricane sandy victims - yumasun
not sure how i feel about this .
how it's been a year since the ireland trip is beyond me . happy st . patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day - from olsen thielen cpas .
ebola virus : can nations stop deadliest ever outbreak from spreading ? - via
ebola virus : can nations stop deadliest ever outbreak from spreading ?
i will not support the salvation army as part of their sandy relief fund because they are anti-lgbt . will not support that garbage
fuckkkkk it's been a while now my power is back .yea sandy was so fuckkkkk up
obama is gonna win , so hush up with the commercials .
but let's not say anything about romneys accomplishments and keep obama in office because he's black .
it's hard not to lose faith in humanity during times like these , but we have to hope for the best .
instead of pointing fingers at him our country needs to look to god at times like these !
not judgingre-stating facts presented by forensic scientist ..either way poss
if darren wilson was a different race wouldn't he have been charged by now ?
taken in the 11 th arr . paris this summer .
sending my prayers up for paris
husband - i love u .wife- prove it .husband hijack a plane .
a woman being terrorised by her ex-husband it's all to do with a man i'd say
watch : u .s. soldier just revealed the ;real truth ; behind paris attacks ; it ;s
remarkable interactive from colleagues inc + more :
romney '12 is all i can say
if romney does win this week , can we raise our anger this saturday please ?
what do you say re : ? will you rebut via tweetstorm ?
all speculation as part of the west's putin bashing .
dying the chicago river green for st . patrick's day : every year , the chicago river is dyed green for the st . p
again happy st . patrick's day lads . i love you too lot of love , me .xx
best st . patricks day tweet so far :)
any stores /businesses open for st . patrick's day ?
what's up ? happy st . patrick's day to my raider fam
happy st patrick's day 2014 - fantastic and - proud to be irish
it's appropriate that romney will not concede because they don't believe the math . nice summary of the election .
kills me how it's a problem we turnt about our african american president , knowing damn well if romney won yall be t
oh my gosh ! monday is st . patrick's day !
posting our menu for st patricks brunch at toscano , whitefield , once again , in case you missed seeing it !
david stern said hurricane katrina did anybody else catch that ?
david stern said hurricane katrina ? old age is a mf . he should
cnn is reporting from their french affiliate that as many as 60 people are dead .
my thoughts are with those in paris atm . what is this world coming to ?
oopps !! ukraine vs france match suspended because of the rain storm !! grrrrr !!
france vs . ukrain suspended due to heavy rain .
romney throws quinceanera for ann in last minute attempt to get hispanic vote - this one actually is funny !
i know ! i find it interesting and i do want to get involved . i know that if romney wins , my life will be affected .
we are southern comfort on the fly . sneak away from downtown and try our assortment of fried classics .
sxsw we'll see you this week ! green = thurs & pink = fri
friday + hurricane sandy = chaos at the supermarket .
man , the news is really jerking themselves off with excitement over hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day to all my igers
happy st . patrick's day to everyone who's celebrating it today !!
happy st . patrick's day to my irish betches
happy st . patrick's day ! how much green are you wearing today ?
happy st patrick's day ! want your man to get lucky with you ? ;)
st patricks day is my birthday and that is today
and answers it : yes mt should news organizations publish charlie hebdo cartoons ? covers the question
here are the translated charlie hebdo covers : twelve people were killed tuesday morning at the paris
obama can talk ,lift u up inspire a nation
i wanna know if obama wins florida
live from mcsorley's , st . paddy's day headquarters
happy st . patricks day ! p .s. 1, 2 and 3 cm poms are now for sale !! yay !
bangers and mash for dinner . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks day i'm so late
we believe you are a lapdog for obama the democrats , can anyone confirm ?
check out tl of one of our best writers , from basically all day today for insightful commentary + analysis re :
happy st patricks day . please remember
any irish .if not still celebrate cause it'z st . patrick's day !!
worries over florida . feeling a repeat of 2000
i am watching because i just can't . take this shit !
i'm just gonna put this here . happy st . patrick's day
but it's st . patrick's day d :
50,000 pregnant women likely affected by nepal earthquake : un via
church aids earthquake victims in nepal -
video of the mother of says police in treated her 'like shit .'
police are full of shit . none of that sorry excuse for a explanation makes any logical sense .
the real winner here is , apparently , stockholm syndrome
lots of very tired people struggling to speak properly on telly this morning .
aho our prayers go out to boston :
good morning , central pa .: the blasts at the boston marathon leave heavy hearts and lots of questions
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts virus is being treated by
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the eb
early voting results point to obama lead . does that matter ? - christian science mo
vs : who's better for wall street ? | via
ebola outbreak , no cure or vaccine , worst in history . nearly 700 dead including top doctors .
ebola story segment jus ran on tonights nbc nightly news .
abc 7 : suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in police raid , french prosecutors say
suspected paris attack mastermind killed in police raid - prosecutor buy
ohhh !! i just made myself an iced almond milk coffee . and i need to turn on the game !
what are scottish fans doing at this game ??
how did irish-americans get so disgusting ? happy st . patrick's day !: via
my beautiful grandma was born on st . patrick's day in norwich , england in 1924 ! pub and patio
obama will take an early lead tomorrow .. well atleast until all the republicans get off work .
i predict obama will gain an early lead tomorrow , until all the republicans get off work
jon hamm of mad men shares a (weird) moment with singer redfoo party
i'm just watching the tomorrow for the commercials *shrug*
let's move to brazil if romney wins guys (:
it's your decision to support either m . romney or b . obama . but i support obama's vision of america .
rtflorida : 1,238,085 ; 1,174,814 - 28 % reporting /via obama in the lead
nooooo , i chose to follow your tweets tonight for . **panic sets in **
dronemaniac : drones help aid relief in nepal
dronemaniac : //t.co/4ffstiixih clickittefaq :drones help aid relief in nepal
some thoughts on yesterday panorama and responses to charlie hebdo :
analysis of charlie hebdo top cop helric fredou's suicide #
hundreds of thousands evacuated in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears : the storm , the s
( ) hundreds of thousands evacuated in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears via
heineken and sam adams boycott st . patrick's day parades . good .
my viridian green color chart , in honor of st . patrick's day , march 17
all calls made from bsnl network to nepal will be charged as local calls for next 3 days - pti via
my thoughts prayers are with the people of nepal . by christopher .michel via
happy st patricks day people :d
happy st . patrick's day ! fuck all the snakes !
happy st patrick's day - here's a guide to irish christmas from
happy st . patrick's day ! does anyone even remember anymore why we celebrate it ?
lord , protect ur people in the east coast , be a fence around them . let the ragging h2os cease , hurricane sandy calmed - surround ur people !!
hurricane sandy : opportunity for obama to show steady leadership -
just a little freaked out about what might be happening with sandy at home .
sandy cuts power to 400 k upstate : sandy cuts power to 400 k upstateassociated presscopyright 2012
just under 2 hour left in campaign at ! please //t.co/5zyfz2cr
just under 2 hour left in campaign at ! please //t.co/teiwuwj1
dick , i analyzed the 2008 and 2004 results and i am predicting romney will get at least 295 electoral votes .
back to back to back willard romney commercials though ?!
what am i doing for st . patrick's day ? well , it's a monday , so , working ?
welcome back javelinas !! and a happy st . patricks day !!
nst news : rescuers find 3 survivors in nepal 8 days after quake : kathmandu : an official says rescuers have fou
rescuers find 3 survivors in nepal 8 days after quake : kathmandu : an official says rescuers ha
where is my st . patricks day selfie
so , uh , happy st , patrick's day !
barack eldest is cute . let me fall back
thank you for all your efforts mr romney i really appreciate you .i feel our country would have been in great hands with you .
good game , funny commercials , snacks , and laughing at the halftime performers !!
frogs , twinkies , and barry manilow .things that survive the apocalypse . o_o
barack obama wins re-election / acceptance speech (video)
obama just told me to smoke a facial for his win so i had to
liberian man hospitalized in lagos feared to have the dreaded ebola disease -
ebola virus is the last thing we need in nigeria now . god have mercy !
hope that you ande everyone in the stadium and paris are safe !!
okay she's waffling in paris , move it on .
are humans to blame ? science is out : scientists say they simply do not know for sure if hurricane sandy was caus
hurricain sandy !! well romney said he had a plan to create jobs , no wonder its a secret !!
walking through a pre-st patrick's day parade market street in sf . clearly something is *about* to go down .
look for the aquavan in today's st . patricks day parade ! our doubloons carry a coupon :)
fun fact ; my favorite holiday is st . patricks day .
if it ain't green , it ain't mean . happy st patrick's day y'all .
ebola death toll almost doubles : high numbers of new ebola cases and deaths in afric
[#josedaviid13] ebola death toll almost doubles : high numbers of new ebola cases and deat follow
what ? happy st patrick's day .:-) put clothes on ????
i need to go to ireland one year for st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's daaaaaaay babe hahahaha
st . patricks day you gotta have some green if you come around me
why tf are these 12 year olds talking about obama romney ? when i was 12 i was talking about new bratz dolls -_-
i should go see obama but i got practice
bbc radio 4 pm is good listening excellent in a discussion on charlie hebdo issues (starts at 16 mins )
french prime minister seeks to expand surveillance powers after paris attacks : french pri
obama is gunna be president for 8 years . it will be the longest he's ever held a real job . way to go america
obamacare ? guess what built of romney care he made for his state . therefore romeny = commie pig
celebrate st . patrick's day with these great promos by
my attitude towards patricks day
media and played critical roles in the leaked panama papers .
can we fight for personal and public official ?
took half of my st .patrick's day shot
it's st . patrick's day ! big love to all
fired up and ready to go cast my vote . obama , hold on , help is on the way . 4 more years ..vote vote vote
rock the vote ! !!! vote !!!!!!! team obama
a baby girl is born at the in , near . via
news : police post vandalised over allegation of tarpaulin distribution to busi
i support obama and have a job .
dollar down , markets up in asia after obama win - afp
can you believe these idiots ? what has done to america ? very scary the hatred he has created .
if obama doesn't win the election , romney you better watch your back .
yes we can ! cya romney !
full transcript of romney's concession speech :
good morning and a very happy st patricks day x
happy st . patrick's day to you xxx :)
welcome to tjspmin's blog : chief ebola doctor contracts deadly virus
video : sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus via
it's one of our favourite days of the year ! happy st . patrick's day everyone :-d
happy st . patrick's day to you too , my queen !!!!!
daniella okeke's strong worded message to nigerians praying for paris : nollywood actress daniella okeke wrote a
someone actually wrote this . someone edited it . and someone actually published it .
no innocent people deserves to experience what boston did yesterday
the latest from the boston attack over 150 injured 3 dead !fbi has taken over the investigation ..
happy st . patrick's day ! have one for for all the elderly who can't kick it up anymore !
happy st . patrick's day everyone !today's special is bisteak ranchero !
but it's st . patrick's day so stop being angry and start
good morning , and happy st . patrick's day . be well .
watching live on cnn right now .
please join me at 11 :00pm est tonight for special ep of reappropriate : the podcast | via |
potential for storm surge , flooding and landslides remain : massive typhoon hagupit move
potential for storm surge , flooding and landslides remain : massive typhoon hagupit moved s
be safe to everyone in boston especially the beliebers
we're busy rolling through 2 nd day of inaugural but our hearts thoughts are in boston (via
i'm doing ok , sandy hit hard where i am , so everyone is a little shaken but ok , how about you ??
the evangelist insane said sandy was god's punishment for homosexuals , but it may actually help obama get re-elected . hahahahahahahaha
england vs sweden is zlatan up to the challenge next week ? he never performs well against the english !
i'll be making look bad throughout for don't be alarmed if some of my predictions end
brussels attacks could alter apple-fbi battle : the terrorist attack could rekindle the government's resolve in
: brussels attacks could alter apple-fbi battle : the terrorist attack could rekindle the government's
i hope your enjoying our theme on green for st .patrick's day .ram
i miss when st patricks days were cool and didn't involve work that lasted more than 3 hours
nearly 1500 has died by the - the guardian
i checked but there is no donations specifically for nepal . can you let people donate to nepal directly ?
the fat , minority , gay , middle-class , pet-loving lady has sung .
key peele have an victory video . it features the mc hammer dance . h /t
happy st . patricks day everyone and everydog !#stpatricksdog
happy st . patrick's day , and congratulations to today's photo of the day !
i'm alone with hurricane sandy .. wanna skype ?
nws great falls launching upper air weather balloons every 6 hours to help determine hurricane sandy's track on the east coast this weekend
death toll 3,700 + dead in nepal earthquake . toll rising .
nepal earthquake death toll soars past 3,700 --and likely will rise : shelter , fuel , food , medici
just the fact that the hurricane's name is sandy makes it hilarious
i wanna do something tonight before i die int he hurricane . someone come get me .
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gqp47hm3i5
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/atutkebrph
has anybody else already eaten everything they stored for sandy ?
webcam on the building in manhattan - watch 'frankenstorm' sandy live
google is donating nearly $300,000 to charlie hebdo : following the horrifc attack on french satirical
google is donating nearly $300,000 to charlie hebdo : following the horrifc attack on french satir
i just can't ! winning ! :) called it !
woooooooooooo-hooooooooooooooo !!! new york giants win !!!
would you like to attend our debate for disenfranchised youth ?more at
would you like to attend our debate in parliament for disenfranchised youth ?more at
meanwhile , obama campaigns alongside that great defender of women , jay-z .
nice twist to obama's familiar story abt edith childs . she won't join him in iowa cos she's fired up n knocking on doors in north carolina
3 weeks of watching israel literally crush gazan men /women/children civilians was tough enough , but back-back it with a lot
should also be a lesson to mainstream media : we follow the people to follow the news . not vice versa .
thinking about the families of all those killed in paris overnight time to step up security over here !
the state of emergency declared in france gives the government the power to control the press radio , according to
barely nees got my attention on twitter .
the car they're claiming that was shot into was driving by the police when it happened .
off the press !!! frank ocean slams donald trump for paris comments : singer says trump i
frank ocean slams donald trump for paris comments : singer says trump is using a tragedy for political gain .
facebook collecting nepal earthquake aid donations : facebook was rolling out a donation button monday fo
facebook collecting nepal earthquake aid donations : facebook was rollin
still doing sxsw follow up work . offices )
sxsw wrap-up : brooklyn castle , audience award winners and our biggest disappointments : final items as sxsw 12 co
says the doj and fbi are on the groudn investigating . eric holder will be in wed . to meet with other leaders
eric holder will be travelling to this week but why no
breaking storm cafe , reports of 2 deaths (ouch) but i hope among the dead is the hostage taker .
police rescue truck backed up to building entrance , stretcher coming out of lindt cafe , most likely body removal
i hate sandy and i hate tk and i hate geebs
sandy way out there and still fuckin with us
romney wants to kick a kid off of headstart to give a millionaire a tax cut
if i was an american and was voting based on ads alone i would vote romney .
i could of came on time but i'm like fuck it i'll just blame it on sandy
please double check your poll place . may have moved it ! to find out . just click on the link :
nepal earthquake : pm modi speaks to nepal president , assures help
pm narendra modi speaks to nepal president after 7.9 magnitude earthqua
2 - 1 one of the best match ever ! is god , get over it .
shevchenko vs sweden : 4 shots [2 on target ], 2 goals , 1 chance created , 81 % [13/16] pass accuracy , 1 long ball , 2 fou
happy st .patricks day too nialler !! not get drunk ;) i love u
happy st patrick's day ! no artificial colors required !
salmond and sturgeon resign ! what a disgusting and divisive pair . trying to break up the uk . resign .
south ayrshire says no to independence in . turnout 86 percent . 58 percent voted against breaking united kingdom .
update : more cruise ships alter itineraries to avoid hurricane sandy (6:20 a .m. edt ) -- with the end of
lake wind advisory : breezy conditions expected over the next few days as hurricane sandy moves east of the state . a
happy st . patrick's day !!!!thanks jackie !!!
still falling and temps are have a great st . patrick's day !!
no way my stomach can handle these next two minutes .
good read by eli /nicks there to hit the quick hitter into blitz . two minutes to go . remember when the super bowl used to suck ?
you getting psyched for this hurricane out in ct ?
bout to make a gallon of this and got plenty of water and other things , bout to ride out sandy like its pbr
coyotes ; keith yandle writes ;pray for boston ; on skate -
i didn't know about boston
american apparel thinks the hurricane is the perfect time for a sale
sooo , i think there should be a girl named sandy for a last season of the jersey shore to wipe them out once and for all
should fuck with st patrick's day
thank you to for spreading the st . patrick's day message
tomorrow's st patricks day and you best believe i'm not wearing green and you best prepare for a punch in the face if you touch me :-----)
have a happy safe st . patrick's day ! be the luckiest person you know by signing up for the spring training
there's something about election day that brings out the ignorance in people . i love it . not .
blimey . voting in virginia going to be allowed till 11 pm . lots out voting
happy st patricks day ! what exciting things have you got planned ?
happy st patrick's day to all the saints here cc . et al .
tv host slams egyptian media for adopting conspiracy theories : the paris bombers were not buddhists via
as soon as and died down , took over . old narrative restored !
:0 straight away , goal to denmark . holland 0 -1 denmark .
can see denmark causing an upset in this group
paris , my heart is with you tonight . what a terrible night . love to all , hold your peeps close . :(
my hearts out to and everything else going on tonight . i'm so so sorry for ur losses
germanwings airbus a320 plane crash : video shows moment tragic flight disappears from radar
germanwings crash : passenger plane down in southern france , carrying 148 : french president francois hollande s
photo : happy st .patricks day everyone .
remember back when st . patrick's day actually meant something ?
obama clearly ahead in endorsements from independents , moderates even gov . . let's move
i have a question . your canadian citizenship qualifies you . are there canadian birthers ? like , believe obama is kenyan ?
come to o'danny'sto get your st . patricks day going right . [pic]:
happy st . patrick's day to our facebook fans ! jorgensen orthodontics is lucky to have such great patients !take
digital abstract art ;) sxsw preview : punch brothers
digital abstract art sxsw preview : punch brothers ;o
props to mitt romney and his concession speech . very classy .
election day is most tweeted about event in us political history . obama's tweet is his most retweeted -
if romney is elected tomorrow i might as well pack my bags bc not staying in america .
obama's record breaking borrow-spend surge bought the worst post-recession economy since 1930 s
hey friends at , get me pictures of the lot please !
stamped founders and others get robbed at the hyatt during sxsw
what kind of demonic force can lead those to commit such cruelty ? pray for paris and thank god for keeping us safe .
so pleased that my friend in paris has made it home safely !
the only way to ring in st . patricks day .
st patrick's day is tomorrow , wht ?
holy crap - these icelanders don't take no shit .
david cameron's father was mossack fonseca client .. er ..#we'reallinthistogether :
who tryin to spend the nite out in this hurricane
i must sound like a weirdowith that said , i do hope everyone that has no choice but to deal with sandy stays safe .
our hearts go out to those in our city of boston . stay strong and pray .
attacks in boston yesterday but still when i wake up the first thing i see is people still bitching about nothing . shut the fuck up for once
arrests , raids in brussels in race to find answers from
[#josedaviid13] arrests , raids in brussels in race to find answers : follow
come on miseri it's a hurricane . lets close !
you guys say hurricane sandy but i call it hurricane mom .
read their story help if you can :
let's ask the people of greece about her holiness .#refugeeswelcome
stronger quakes could strike other segments of nepal fault employing a similar technique farther east along the
: list of places to get food shelter in n around
get lucky in the library today ! -happy st . patrick's day from mcgill
happy st patrick day my little leprrchaun
rushing back to boston so i can go to the st .patrick's day parade in southie
some of our st . patricks day specials ! stop by before the parade for $12 bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's .
to protect and serve (as long as you're white ).
my cousin shacora about to become a cop , i'd like to know how she feel about this situation
nigeria confirms first ebola death : west africa's ebola outbreak spreads to 4 th co
nigeria confirms first ebola death : west africa's ebola outbreak spreads to 4 th country as nige
ikr . just look at paris . just found out about it .
you are fucking stupid ! you doesn't care about whats happening in paris ! you need to deactivate this acc
happy st patrick day aahhhh
happy st . patrick's day ! uniform of the day .
check it , bad brains doc is alive and well !
did you happen to see that bad brains doc at sxsw ?
in a day where boston celebrates the winners of the boston marathon , we are thinking about the ones who didn't finish the
never again will i take crossing any finish line for granted again .
i didn't even know obama was re-elected .
obama's our president for 4 more years so republicans stop your bitching .
now ? or during the hurricane ? it's less than 20 degrees above freezing when it rains
//t.co/jbw9f0ru hurricane sandy expected to dump rain , snow on the city , cause
happy st . patrick's i guess utca
happy st . patrick's day from cru !
lol at some of the pictures i seen from the st . patricks day parade .you can keep that mess !
there's always that coach that dresses up as a leprechaun every year on st . patrick's day
among world's poorest countries ; ranks 157 /187 countries on the human development index .
so far we dont know what damage happened west of kathmandu , damage great there :forsec
is there an indian techie trapped in the sydney cafe ? mea is keeping in touch with the embassy , says venkaiah naidu .
five hostages run out of sydney siege cafe - the nation via
riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels via
riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels : a vigil for victims was overwhelmed by black-clad
he saying you look like a leprechaun for st . patricks day
happy st patricks day you im gonna part - wait i'm snowed in with my parents .
i agree ! let the obama voters feel the pinch of their decisions for once . let their income free stuff be taken away .
it was a close election . romney didn't need the hispanic vote . if he had been pro-choice he would have won .
hurricane sandy has its own twitter .. why ?
read our latest update on hurrican sandy .
next obama's speech abc news !! yay mr .president
don't be trynna suck obama dick for a spot in the white house
a day before paris attacks , suicide bombings in beirut left 43 dead and 239 wounded
flowers have been placed in the bullet holes .
why st . patrick's day is a stupid holiday :
i love st . patrick's day celebrations
so much for st patricks day beer on the deck
then a very happy st patricks day ! :d xxx
i hate st . patricks day . seriously order a car bomb in ireland and see what happens .
st patricks day parade yaaaass
when a guy wears no shirt and only shorts with a horse mask on when hurricane sandy was coming
1888 : last time the ny stock exchange closed for two consecutive days due to weather .
i didnt know that it's saint patrick's day tomorrow
fuck it's st . patricks day tomorrow .
at the risk of sounding insensitive , i've had enough of hurricane sandy . guess what nyc , people all over the world face natural disasters .
we just had a hurricane . what you opening schools for -_-
breaking : security being stepped up at in wake of brussels attacks - latest updates
no-one killed in blast inside brussels metro carriage-v //t.co/khefyoe018
im about to put the st . drunk in st . patrick's day
st patricks day but no green for me .
if you treat girls like half of the people in this town do , you're going out in the hurricane .
people keep talking about this hurricane making landfall , but on november 9 th it's going to makeskyfall .
germanwings pilot locked out of cockpit before descent - miamiherald .comgermanwings pil
top stories : germanwings pilot locked out of cockpit before descent - miamiherald .comge
great seeing you on nc8 today . happy st . patrick's day ! :*
st patricks day should be off from school
or it could be that htere's a hurricane approaching virginia .
how is there gonna be a hurricane when we don't even live near an ocean ?
hurricane sandy is stronger than most men i know
hurricane sandy sinks famous ship hms bounty - daily news analysis
congratulations spain . well played . commiserations to italy . .
it all ends with a goal made in chelsea . sort of . and torres ends up as joint golden boot winner in a team with no strik
am i wrong for laughing at one of the hurricane pics ?? nahh . i just make the best outta situations
fuck david stern !!! message from sandy
obama you can't blame bush anymore , you need to get over it .
aaaayyyyyeeee obama n this bitch again
the czechs have pulled one back ! 2 -1
czechs pull one back to make it 2 -1. game on
my heart is always in paris , but more so tonight
barkha dutt should impart knowledge transfer to paris media about coverage of terrorist attack like she did in mumbai .
. how bcu was when obama was re elected
now that obama's runnin another 4 years , my faith in humanity is restored
keep hoping each year i wont hate st patricks day , looks like ill have to keep hoping
st . patricks day bar crawl . i promise this is not a typical weekend
typhoon hagupit kills 21 on samar island-philippine red cross : manila , dec 8 (reuters) - at least 21 people we
typhoon hagupit kills 21 on samar island-philippine red cross : manila (reuters) - at least 21 people were repo
oh , god dammit , the cops are still going nuts in ? what the fuck , everybody ?!?
for years i've watched journalist on twitter covering protests disasters worldwide . tonight he's covering .missouri.
hagupit threatens storm surges - rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barreled towa
[cnn] typhoon threatens philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barre
i don't personally know anyone in boston though my cousin lived there several years ago . still , my thoughts are with all there .
sending my thoughts , love and prayers to everyone affected by the boston explosion . heart breaking !
[mashable] new york tech companies struggle to rebound after hurricane sandy
did hurricane sandy drink the gas or something ? damn .
hope i get stuck in the house wth my wife durin the hurricane ;)
it'd be really ideal if this hurricane turned out to be nothing
can has spoken to klopp after drama of paris terrorist attacks
to all my english follower im going to paris this week end but dont j'ai mal oulaaaa
bravo to response to and fema . so proud .
nws servers crashed . temp page here ~
2012 the film is happening in real life :o a big ass tsunami will strike just after sandy !
go home sandy ! saw in [9gag]
shit i'm glad john from down the road is safe i really thought he may have been affected by the nepal earthquake , put my mind at rest that
so glad you've been marked safe from the nepal earthquake mate , i was getting worried there for a while .
suspected mastermind of paris carnage killed in saint-denis police raid t via /r/worldnews
morocco provided intelligence to help france in paris raids - sources : moroccan security officials provided in
it's true !if anyone understands what paris's going thru , it's terrorism inflicted .ironically amuslim state
who created isis ? who funded them ? who backed them ?
confirmed : anonymous group hacked into the city of website last night . all city emails are down . -
damn confirmed : anonymous group hacked into the city of website last night . all city emails are down .
at 6 on did ottawa gunman act alone ; overnight fire on east side of buffalo ; and $1.21 an hour salary ?? join us
islamic state sympathizers cheer canada shooting | washington free beacon
if the peabody y is close tomorrow because of this hurricane ill be pissed
no school tomorrow or tuesday cos of hurricane sandy so ill try to be on then just sayin ill be flippin shit im sooo scared !!! vas happenin ?
my favorite part was the endwhen got dragged to hell .
great victory champion best in the nfl
is it just me or did anyone else forget if was st . patricks day ?
i'm not irish , i don't do st .patricks day
belgium seeks paris attacks driver , brings more charges {dailymail}
when paris turned their lights off ,the rest in the world turned them on
here is some good behavior coming out of hurricane sandy just in time for the election
hurricane sandy reminded me of the movie by nicolas cage .
hope you have a great day !!! happy st patricks day !!
as soon as this class is over it's beer :30. happy st . patricks day .
if we get to 30 theodore roosevelt will come back and deport all hyphenated americans
and so the fallout begins . : us states halt taking
so and fears all exaggerated according to some in for - obviously
england won't make it very far and either spain or germany to win it
go obama , not ready for romney see what i did there ?
rachel maddow : defending obama's record
happy st patrick's day to all our irish girls and to all those who want to be !
happy st patrick's day . i'm not irish and i very much doubt you are either so i don't really mean these pleasantries .
lmfaoooooo i love you jana
hurricane sandy ? how about hurricane sassy
happy st .patricks day is anyone planning to do some irish yoga today ?
ha no bother lad happy st patricks ya drowning the shamrock today ?
almost halfway !! pub later for the football !!
steven gerrard is such a negative captain . john terry would have motivated and supported the players so much more
gunman panics ottawa , killing soldier in spree - new york times : new york timesgunma
followme - gunman panics ottawa , killing soldier in spree - new york times : new followme -
happy st . patrick's day ! here are 5 things you didn't know about the holiday :
happy st . patrick's day ! i am not irish but i use a green garment :d
happy st patrick's day ! anyone celebrating with a tonight ?
wishing all a happy st patricks day . part of
tommy holohan (aaa) supports , and believes austerity is criminal
7 organisations join forces to encourage 460,000 u25s to register to vote for
st . patrick's day festivities in okc
hey guys round two of rick's st patrick's day bash is tonight ! karaoke and music from 830 to close . wear green
happy st . patrick's day to my boyfie xx
i love you !!!!!!!! happy st . patrick's day !!!!!
lmao ! they have a twitter for hurricane sandy .
halloween . 'nuff said . *hears knock on door * eh ? *opens door and gets flooded * damn it sandy !
there should be one religion in this one world is the one true religion
no one has the right to steal away other's lives , their freedom , and their hope . paris stands . humanity stands .
concession-speech romney is a person ! why didn't he run for office ?
idk which one you are in your avi but either way you're ugly
also happy st .patricks day to everyone !!!!!
happy st .patrick's day every 1 :)xxx
footage of gunfire in canada's parliament . soldier shot at national war memorial in
breaking : a canadian soldier has been shot at the country's national war memorial near parliament .
hopefully everyone is wearing green ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from southern title !
i'm certain no one actually knows why we celebrate st . patrick's day
mylee is ready for st . patrick's day !!
do me one favor and we homies for life ..no school monday ? cool ?
the latest on hurricane sandy and its potentially historic impact on the us east coast is coming up next on
needed to get food this weekend but i didn't need these hurricane lines . :(
they say the safest place to benin a hurricane is traveling closer to it by bus , right ?
if they'd play decent footy , i'd stop tweetin .
if one more of these soccer games ends in a tie i swear ..
happy st . patrick's day ! give some luck to our sports teams
puppy emmett also says happy st patrick's day !
nepal earthquake dashes christians ' hopes for better life
how hindus and buddhists view nepal's devastating earthquake : jack tiwari , president of the america ne
archer's photos from saturday our st . patrick's parade day party . the gallery is up !
this is my first st patricks day away from ireland in 8 years
so sad to hear of the attack in ottawa ! many prayers needed !
could hear shots from their rooms , i am told .
st . patrick's day photoshoot with paradiseskewbee .
did you wish to celebrate st . patrick's day with the boys ?
awwwready ! good luck with sxsw if its free i'll go no wristband here bruh
sxsw !!! the woody fest is tomorrow . and there going to have some good performances . but there free !!!
paris attacks rooted in brussels bring question : why belgium : paris attacks firmly rooted in brussels , raising
paris attacks rooted in brussels bring question : why belgium : paris attacks fi
thoughts go out today to everyone in ottawa , canada
my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in ottawa canada
news : prosecutor : co-pilot deliberately crashed the germanwings plane .
prosecutor : co-pilot made 'deliberate attempt ' to crash germanwings plane . new :
this father comforted his little boy in the most uplifting way after the paris attacks via
news is coming out now hat there is a saudi connection to paris attack this according to france
: israel to airlift 25 babies from nepal born to surrogates : israel said sunday it plans to airlif
israel to airlift 25 babies from nepal born to surrogates
halloween weekend brings out the crazy in mother nature . snow storm last year , hurricane this year . maybe we'll get a tsunami next year
i can't help but think that there's something appropriate about a storm named sandy causing extensive coastal erosion .
hurricane sandy has taken quite a toll . want to help us make a difference ? click on the link below to contribute to the red cross .
24 hours is a long time in twitter . sandy is so yesterday . stars wars 7 just sent sandy to alderaan .
why this muslim girl will , but won't apologize via
thank you , merci , matthew for such a heart-filled and theologically articulate response !
actually its a very valid point . sydney is an horrific event . is a great sentiment . but
yeah but the situation over there is 500 times bigger than the situation in sydney
sierra leone's top ebola doctor , 'national hero ' contracts the virus : sierra leone's top ebola doctor has reportedly saved over 100 p
: sierra leone's top ebola doctor , 'national hero ' contracts the virus : sierra
good morning angela ,i was watching the awful damage that sandy did to ny .i hope and prey that your family are alright .xoxoxo
just seeing everyones sandy tweets /pics now lol
just booked my tickets for partycrashing aea seattle , since apparently i'm not going to sxsw *or* aea this year .
via gets in the way - punting on sxsw
wishing you all a happy st patricks day !
on st . patrick's day ! love it . hoping i can talk a certain husband into buying it for me .
video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ': in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people hav
video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ' - in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people have spent th
happy st . patrick's day !!let's crush this week out !.
happy st . patrick's day from niall horan .
that hurricane on the east coast is gunna be brutal
probably won't be on this week considering we're having a hurricane here .
many days , many shows , many parties left . tired and feet are so sore . yep , it's that time of year again . loving every minute of it !
be the first to name last year's surprise guest with you can win a pair of vip tix to thi
going into no mans land , called that because of hurricane sandy .
hope hurricane sandy doesnt get me on the way home tomorrow
patricia slams into mexico , puts millions under flood threat : rescue workers were awaiting (via
!! patricia slams into mexico , puts millions under flood threat : rescue workers were a via
i forgot about st .patrick's day oops
im secretly st . patrick , sshhh don't tell anyone
cockpit voice recorder indicated one of germanwings pilot was locked out of the cockpit before the crash
wow . evidence shows that one of the pilots was locked out of cockpit before crash , investigator says :
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : boone , n .c. (ap) -- an aid organization says that an a
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebol
if you currently have child health plus , family health plus or medicaid and due to hurricane sandy need to
still calling nc people for obama . lady said last night that we need to focus on sandy . that is true . but there's still an election .
st . patricks should never be on a monday
what are you doing to celebrate st . patrick today ?
paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead - cnn : cnnparis attacks ringleader abdelhamid aba
chris christie , syrian refugees , and the paris attack
have you had a good st patricks day ? love you
happy st patrick `s day to everybory !!
i think hurricane patricia outside rn
hurricane patricia largest in history expected to do 25 $ worth of damage in mexico and one donkey
when in doubt talk about terrorism .really??
shyster told earl i got it from here , im trainer , gave me a note pad , got me choosing songs , shout outs , talking about paris
some things green . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! where are you having your green beer ?
flooding , snow and power outages close colleges in sandy's wake | chronicle of higher education |
welcome to sonia nazario at underway ! we're all excited for her talk and glad sandy didn't get in the way
awwww where are you ? hiding from sandy ?
i wish we had school off cause of this hurricane
st . patrick's day is literally just like any other day for me
my attempt at making some st . patrick's day cupcakes
mastermind salah abdeslam arrested in belgium's district , reports
paris attacker salah abdeslam arrested in brussels - reports via
wanna teleport to nepal and extend my help to the victims of the earthquake :(
nepal earthquake : what is being done to help victims ?: as the numbers killed and injured continues to rise , a
new post : red alert : bush meats , fruit bats , others are carriers of the ebola virus [details]
red alert : bush meats , fruit bats , others are carriers of the ebola virus [details]
fao warns of ebola danger through consumption of wildlife species via (harradox)
fao warns of ebola danger through consumption of wildlife species
conditions suggest 'no survivors ,' hollande says : an airbus a320 plane operated by germanwings has cra
cnn - conditions suggest 'no survivors ,' hollande says : an airbus a320 plane operated by germanwings has crash
first audience to get a look at macfarlane's new film ted . a talking teddy bear just hit a bong and omg , mark wahlberg just walked in .
great hour no panels at the sheraton , but it feels like a remote outpost . no roving food trucks or tents fueled by house jams .
paris terror attacks : investigation spreads across europe as terrorist identified : one attacker , -sanjayator.
warning against refugee backlash after paris attacks
everyone's going crazy cos van persia missed a couple of chances
netherlands need to drop he's too selfish
happy st . patrick's day to you ! i hope you are having an awesome start to your day ! are you wearing your green ?
only you would remix the phrase happy st patricks day *facepalm*
obama gave michelle the stevie j . face just now
obama is so humble , i love it !
will have 2 wait 4 cameraman intervu , some say cop said shoot u w / this (not in face ) cop in pic was capt who try 2 solve prob
dell market on chambers is the hot spot for shots fired reports boost mobile being looted
by the way , swami ramdev is already there in nepal and doing the needful to best of his abilit
a terrible shakes india and nepal . ihope and pray everyone is safe . yaa allah reham farmah . aameen .
people news : celebs track 'frankenstorm': see how maria , snooki and more watch sandy unfold with concern and humor
celebs track 'frankenstorm': see how maria , snooki and more watch sandy unfold with concern and humor
blessings to all those suffering from this hurricane .
i live in long beach , ny . hurricane sandy was , at times , genuinely goddamn terrifying . no power . no internet . car floate
it's st . patrick's day and if anyone tries to pinch me , i might just punch someone in the face .
happy st patricks day to my irish fish
working from home is not for me , sandy proved it . - via
planned tribute set to honor hms bounty , those who perished in sandy - fall river , ma - the herald news
what about the photos of the devastation in nepal ?? terribly flawed statement .
photo : dance theater of nepal tonight at 9 ! come to bunna .
tumblr is full of obama must reblog !
spoof video of obama singing 'can't touch this '
green earthquake alert (magnitude 4.6 m , depth :10km) in nepal 25 /04/2015 08 :05
green earthquake alert (magnitude 4.6 m , depth :10km) in nepal 25 /04/2015 08 :05 utc , 667604 via
oh and happy st . patrick's /paddy's day to you all !!!
i forgot it was st . patricks day today
torres has definitely been space jammed
torres ' confidence really is shot , isn't it ?
hoo , its a st patrick's day toh . irish pub mana irish pub ? ~~/o/
st patricks day apparently for those wondering
world : frantic search for nepal quake survivors as toll tops 2,000 : rescuers in
my thoughts go out to all my nepali friends , the victims of the and their families and the people of
turn up for the books ! great goal .
ball skills of the holland soccer team r amazing , they must have learned from
hey my friends . please consider donating to nepal relief . g adventures will match the last $25k. thank you .
$mgi - moneygram provides support for nepal earthquake relief
ebola virus ebola virus stretching everywhere
i pray that the blood of jesus will flood through west africa and wipe out the deadly virus ebola ijcn amen .
so the bbc didn't do an exit poll because it was too complicated ? eh ?
no exit polls for the - my reaction be like
hurricane sandy - massive transformer explosion in new york
i just uploaded hurricane sandy freestyle featuring me and check it out .!
africa is innocently looted of it's resources . our neighborhoods r blocbusted , gentrified disenfranchised
on militarization of the police and riots : by baldilocks dm7
ire v cro time . for once i'm not pulling for the eastern europeans . go ireland !
like carragher as a pundit , there i said it . very honest . i am going to go for a draw in this game , 1 -1 or 0 -0.
for st . patricks day president obama should go by president o'bama .
these guys are ready for st .patrick's day ! we'll be open noon til 5 !
at sxsw this year i will only watch bands with no vowels in their name . you're welcome .
on how you can't fight fiction with facts ; people need good information told thru stories & the arts
thank you so much ! we had fortifying glass of wine awaiting to hear the pm . glued to tv trying to reach friend in ottawa .
that soldier was only doing his job , he didn't deserve to die
didn't realise so many of my friends were in nepal , glad they're safe though
philippine contingent to provide aid in nepal - businessworld online edition
can't wait to get in the air and see this hurricane !
why stock up on toilet paper ? does a hurricane make you go to the bathroom more ?
brussels terror attack -- injured basketball player speaks 'thought about wife , kids ': the basketball play
tmz - brussels terror attack -- injured basketball player speaks 'thought about wife , kids ': the basketbal
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/6y5zjewoym
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/rfnirvjofe
faa declares no fly zone over boston . several more non-detonated bombs found . over 30 people injured .
boston marathon explosion update :2 fatalities a with up to 28 injured . a third bomb has exploded at the jfk
: alba , didn't know you have speed . very nice .
i'm highly upset right nowwhat the heck are you doing italy ?!?
sicko chris matthews : so glad fatal , devastating sandy hit and helped obama ; backpedals and fails v
worst thing about obama winning the election so-called christian show their ignorance and the hate in their hearts ! #g
scientific american after sandy : scientific american editor-in-chief mariette dichristina brings us up to
scientific american after sandy : scientific american editor-in-chief mariette dichristina b
29 reasons to love boston they saved the best for last .
i couldnt sleep last night bc boston i sat on my bed and cried i imagined they were my family it sucks you know
before today i was feeling confident for my exams , now i want to move to nepal to become a mountain goat so i don't have to do any exams
up to 90 % of houses destroyed in some areas by monsoon rain expected in june . donate now to help :
i don't understand why people are making jokes out of hurricane sandy , like peoples lives are being taking away , does t
how are we already on hurricane sandy ? i would like to talk more about hurricane kirk please .
in missouri , gov . nixon has declared a state of emergency and imposed a midnight to 5 a .m. curfew in .
wow missouri gov . jay nixon declares state of emergency and curfew in
i think i'm going to pull an all nighter with sandy
i think sandy ate my bestfriend !
i hope everyone stayed safe during the hurricane . 3
hope everyone around hurricane stays safe .
and obama is addressing the nation after the boston explosion . you will never see say a word . and y'all be hating on us . bloody fools .
sharing my tears and strength with those in
rt : reports gunman says four devices are located around sydney . security response underway . police calling for calm .
for the terrible problem currently happening in sydney . we all have to
i wonder how many people will go back to traditional phone lines after knocked out power to cable boxes .
d .c. weather forecast : lingering remnants of sandy keep us cloudy and cool
horrifying . glad soc media is getting these images through .
if it really takes race to get justice for and america then as a 13 % minority your resources are inadequate .
here's to missing all of your breaks thanks to superstorm sandy
you holdin up well man ?i know sandy went off
happy st patrick niall ! i also have irish blood :d xxxx
happy st . patricks day to all of my irish friends ! erin go bragh !
2008 election was 2 wks after i moved to fl . flew back to nj just to vote . no excuses .
election day . make sure you go vote . every vote counts .
all around the world are praying for paris
popular on 500 px : paris by seanarcher with us
in 2009, cops used an against anti-capitalists and this is how they responded
free idea : maybe the police remove their gas masks . that might take the tensions down a thousand .
the only other person i would vote for is michelle but she's not running so obama got my vote
yes , i know obama is cool but
dont wanna say anything , be strong paris
i went to paris many many years ago . to think such a peaceful place can be a target for such hatred .
score predictions ! what do you think the denmark vs portugal final score will be ? we will rt correct guesses .
prediction : denmark -portugal 0 -1holland - germany 1 -2
slainte ! happy st . patrick's day , fella .
top of the giant to you ! happy st . patrick's day everyone ! do you know where this is ? been there ?
yes ! sandy i love ya
made it home from ny and there's still no sign of sandy . she didn't want these problems
reason why i love st patricks day
wtf ! i didn't even know today was st . patricks day !!
it's not just music - media , internet , films etc too . lots of people are into it . a hipster's heaven :
wooo awards !!! good luck to r !!
a summing up sitrep of from jon rappoport
obama on isis threat following brussels attack : 'i've got a lot of things on my plate ' priority vacation not isis
tomorrow dont forgot three tvs showing the euro cup final .
as the fff confirmed , laurent blanc has elected not to extend his contract as france coach . (
to me for this one make sure y'all
no matter what obama does . he'll be criticized
william hill , you win this round .
germany do it again ! looks like netherlands going out alredy lol !
badge art for at mashable house via
four emerging trends in corporate social responsibility from by
: in too many communities young men of color are left behind and seen as objects of fear .
president obama : 'in too many communities too many young men of color are left behind and seen as objects of fear '.
advantage contracting wishes you a happy st .patrick's day !
happy st .patrick's day to you ,marks.
happy st . patricks day everyone wherever you are !
hi everyone we would like to wish everyone a happy st .patricks day today from all at the penrose camp . we will be
st .patricks day isn't complete without disney channel playing the luck of the irish
nobody hates st patricks day more than me . nobody .
breaking : in hurricane patricia's wake , heavy rains move toward louisiana - reuters : reuter
in hurricane wake , heavy rains move toward louisiana
only on st . patricks day ? nah , i'd say every day . ;)
ain nobody say happy st . patricks day !
s /o to this hurricane for making me stay in cali another 2 days
is there a hurricane or an apocalypse ? crazy customers need to chill .
it was good and you can see he doesn't bend
we must stand high to wipe out by
home from work . portugal vs denmark not to shabby
hope my boss lets me watch during work . hopefully no one comes today
stan , happy st patrick's day to you as well .
i think it's kind of cool having a birthday on st . patricks day
you clearly dont know shit about charlie hebdo
the prophet muhammad denounces charlie hebdo murders !
both games on the bbc , brilliant . don't have to listen to the dull tones of adrian chiles !
at least i get to watch the netherlands game now
shootings going on in paris right now
wow c'est chaud a paris la .
i would totally be hurricane sandy's friend . she sounds like the fun one in your group who doesn't care if she gets
latest forecast update for hurricane sandy from environment canada
crosstabs - november 7 th : kyle leighton looks at the makeup of team obama's winning coalition from 2012 : tpm
crosstabs - november 7 th : kyle leighton looks at the makeup of team obama's winning coalition from 2012 : full si
[#josedaviid13] hagupit hits philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturda follow
breaking hagupit hits philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagup
obama stupid white biiiiiiiitchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! lmao
obama take away all the cigarettes please !
celebrating st patrick's day :d in
relax on the st patrick day snapchats .
happy st , patricks day !!! open for lunch partying tonight !!! come see nolan taryn !!!
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at theraplay - especially cinnamon !
some st . patrick's day fun after work !
i don't understand st . patrick's day is a thing ?
happy st . patricks day .wearing every color but green right now
happy st . patrick's day wildcats ! if you're celebrating later , be safe !
i hope they fxnd who really did that boston bombing .
the boston bombing , then the iran earthquake . wow .
why is nobody talking about this in the eu debate ?
are there any straight facts in eu debate . or just in facts or out facts .
the latest : cyprus police evacuate beach near hijacked plane
this has nothing to do with religion , the man hijacked the plane to deliver a letter to his ex-wife .
hijacking of egyptair plane to cyprus 'not something that has to do with terrorism '
man hijacks egyptair plane over his ex-wife , officials say
people that made fun of the boston explosions are sick bastards .
i liked a video from breaking !!! footage of boston marathon explosion (raw footage )
canadian soldier , gunman killed in attack on ottawa capital complex - via
in heart with your canadian friends from ottawa and all the country .
the russian look like a food the could do well in the euros . very good to watch .
brian kerr or jim beglin on different channels . no contest - the ex liverpool , waterford born man gets my vote everytime .
deliberate germanwings crash : ceo speechless : lufthansa has been rocked follow
deliberate germanwings crash : ceo speechless : lufthansa has been rocked by news that a flight operated
all these hurricane tweets are kinda scarring me . i pray that no one gets hurt
sandy is a hurricane not a person . sincerely , the normal one ..
airports back in operation following sandy
crainsnewyork : the red wrap : sandy could cut gdp
cannot believe what just happened in paris
i am speechless about what happened in paris , why do people do something ?
happy st .patrick's day ! go green
since when is it st patricks day what
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! have a safe and fun day :)
and a very happy st patrick's day to you too ! what a great pic ! we love it .
out on the beers celebrating st .patricks day with
i never knew that people get drunk for st . patrick's day until today .
we should have a hurricane chris lol
should i be afraid of this hurricane ? lol
ottawa : one reportedly dead in parliament building .
watching cbc news network live on the ottawa shootings . 8 ppl in my room rn .
it's st . patricks day and i'm awake early
guess nobody cares about st . patrick's day anymore lol
live : president obama addresses the boston marathon bombings : president barack obama will
live : president obama addresses the boston marathon bombings
hitler copied from us in their native american armenian genocide , and now zionists copy hitler
this is sickening . god help us all .
bbc news : bodies recovered at nepal crash site - the charred bodies of six american marines and two nepali soldier
rule bodies recovered at nepal crash site : the charred bodies of six american
the st . patricks day parade was awesome !
wish i could have gone to the st .patricks parade
rt happy st patrick's day every one .
happy st patricks day to all our christian brothers and sisters !
wtf , in america ? michael brown's mom and governor nixon day the cop must be charged arrested and found guilty for peace sakes
felt guilt since age 13 for having blond hair and blue eyes . i'm sorry .
happy st . patricks day to you and your husband mairead .
happy st patricks day hope you enjoy them
germany , watch your defense area please ..#euro2012
if germany comeback from this then germany are world class !..#euro2012
it is in fact true ..once you go black you never go back
rs keep house . ds keep senate . obama keeps wh . all that campaigning to keep the status quo . i'm over . bedtime .
two days ago i had kids dancing round me and folk cheering me from their windows . this morning i'm sat here on laptop gutted .
'lord' john reid is corrupt . he knows it and he is knee deep in private contracts . never satisfied . always wants more .
the weather for the ukraine v france games is frightening ! match suspended !
ukraine france game suspended that is some rain shower
saltandlighttv : in pictures : life in gorkha after the nepal earthquake
humanoycreacion : in pictures : life in gorkha after the nepal earthquake
i'm not in the mood for a hurricane . it can go back to sea and go away .
hey was your house effected by the hurricane
fernando torres comes off bench to win the golden boot . stop me if you've heard this one before .
fernando torres comes off bench to win the golden boot . stop me if you've heard this one before . ht
best wishes to all our friends on east coast us as hurricane sandy nears
news - a hurricane once more , sandy defies the rules
celebrating st patricks day with these chocolate bailey's cupcakes !
happy st . patricks day , irish flags everywhere , it's good actually
let's see what they have to say austin hotel downtown for social media is a bu )
time to see what all the fuss is about bell
so today is actuay st patricks day
i turned all your dollar bills green for st . patrick's day . don't believe me ? take a look !
what sort of sick bastard believes in that there shouldnt be tampons or sanitary towels that women should let it flow ..oh yeah mitt romney
just heard romney signs are appearing in yards 'like mushrooms '. i disagree . the mushroom is a noble fungi . thus , romney signs are poppi
happy st patrick's day to all my celtic fam out here
happy st patrick's day . bring on the guinness .
in ever hurricane i been in we was playing dominoes
hurricane sandy on path to hit n .j., latest 'frankenstorm' forecast shows |
if you don't vote , i don't want to hear you complain
if you can vote , then do it . otherwise if you don't you have no right to complain about the government .
do the right thing america . go and vote tomorrow . :)
yall be careful how yall vote they got all kind off tricks so u dnt vote for obama
happy st . patricks day everyone . southside irish of chitown all the way .
happy st patrick's day . my coffee looks pretty irish .
france carries out raids over paris attacks : three held in counterterrorism operations in calais ,
france carries out raids over paris attacks : three held in counterterrorism operations in cala via
wishing all our followers a very happy st patrick's day !
happy st patricks day , have a great day to you all !
well , back to drinking . happy st . patrick's day .
i liked a video st . patricks day look !
why am i not celebrating st .patricks day right now .
home ,fed ,watered ,and had a good st patrick's day .
family of texas doctor with ebola not showing signs of virus medical news headlines
when will we have a vaccine for ebola virus ? via hopefully cautious note here
they already proved that was an actor ..not like i like obama im just saying
barack obama lies about benghazi libya with the main stream media's help :
fighting ebola in urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about the
ebola first for urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontie
the changing culture of sxsw interactive : if 2011 was the year that south by southwest interactiv
latest tech news the changing culture of sxsw interactive : if 2011 was the year that south
asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks : asian shares and u .s. stock futures were l
asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks : asian shares and u .s. stock futures were lower and the
been talking to dad for the last hour about how lucky it is obama got reelected while we listened /watched ed sheeran's itunes fest set :'3
14 dead , romney threatens more heads will roll *stolen*
total wait time at sevier middle : 50 minutes .
vote - no excuses today , get out to vote ! let your voice be heard !
president obama watched the attacks on our embassy live , and did absolutely nothing about it . three americans are dead because of him .
wish i had a obama shirt for tomorrow
mumford's humor ;) an ode to the unsung hero of hurricane sandy , the lowly pay telephone [psa]
i hate you so much hurricane sandy .
gonna make this hurricane my bitch
total recall that time we survived hurricane isaac
happy st . patrick's day to all of our human and furry friends
happy st . patrick's day for all the irish and everyone else that wishes they were irish ! :o)
sandy doing some damage up the coast
hess to cut back port reading refinery rates ahead of sandy : new york (reuters) - hess corp said on sunday it w
news : germanwings plane descent was voluntary
that is shocking news about the plane . looking forward to the media falling over itself speculating on the why .
cracking game , excellent football from both sides :) - come on
atmosphere at all the games so far terrible !!
praying for victim (s) in parliament hill shootings in canada .
due to our proximity to parliament hill and the safety of our shop we are on lockdown until further notice . stay safe ottawa .
news : two americans on germanwings flight were mother and daughter
[ ] two americans on germanwings flight were mother and daughter : a drexel university graduate
up to 1,000 europeans missing after nepal earthquake : eu envoy says
up to 1,000 europeans missing after nepal earthquake : eu envoy says : a thousand european union citizens in nep
one of the most important things you can do as an american is vote . now go !
a lot of people in my long voting line are speaking spanish .
hope my nyer /east coaster are all safe and sound . when power is back let us know !
an activity that , until now , could only be imagined : scuba diving in the subway .
so youre saying there isnt a bar here ? worst st . patrick's day ever (at
happy st patrick's day from all of us at rsc !
if i had a st patrick's day party friday would that be too late to do that or is that still allowed ?? ?
happy st .patrick's day ! don't forget to wear green ! may the lord bless you on this rainy day !
we are in austin ! see you at the events ! if you are not here yet , prepare for a thunderstorm (weather)
traffic in downtown austin couldn't be much worse unless it was the weather .
facebook thinks i'm in pakistan wants to know if i was affected by the explosion . i am both touched and confused ?
facebook thinks i'm in pakistan and i was near an explosion .
i wish everyone a happy and safe st . patrick's day !
kind of jokingly observing . the other guy opened the show by saying happy st patricks day and he responded with that first quote
i'm wondering if y'all blackies really know what st . patricks day is
happy st . patrick's day from primrose of !
to the best mother in law in the world happy st patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day !!! headed to work its going to be bananas
cctv footage shows the moment the earthquake struck nepal : these videos were originally posted on facebook by kishor rana from kathmandu .
dtn kerala : cctv footage shows the moment the earthquake struck nepal : these videos were originally posted on
happy st . patrick's day , jimmy o'fallon !
happy st . patrick's day ! wishing you the luck of the irish today .
the bombshell is absolutely clear : salmond has resigned as leader of the snp and will not seek re-election as leader in november .
alex salmond announces that he is resigning in november
it's just a fraction of mega-corruption in rotshilds rockefeller world . in fact they are jealous of that fraction .
put australian banks in the spotlight , writes
presa's humor ;) one week from today , now with more sandy . saturday , november 3 rd : history lovers and alcoholics of p
grid's humor ;) one week from today , now with more sandy . saturday , november 3 rd : history lovers and alcoholics of pa
fess up police . you have lost the confidence of the community , retire , move on , and let someone who can do the job , do it .
the police in are geared up like they're about to face an invading army , but they're just firing on unarmed civilians . so fucked .
no matter what way you lean on if you are eligible to vote got out and vote !
this is mad . this is so mad - the voting begins
aaaaand .the spaniards have hit the streets here in zug - honking has started ; ) wooooo spain !
spain !!!!!! finals here we come !
happy st patrick's day niall :* xxxxxxxxx
ily cal happy st patrick's day :)
have you thought of making a sandy tie or bowtie with proceeds going to relief efforts ?
oh so wondderful story ..woke up in da middle of da night to realise da lights have been restoredlol ..sandy done fucked errbody somhow .lol
can you do a follow spree on st . patricks day :d
festive urine for st . patrick's day .
new job ! project architect in sydney , nsw australia
protect ur loved pets ! seek legal advice .
hey , that should work . a lot of people voted for obama based on his skin . looks count !!!!!!!!
are there any non-white people at romney's concession speech ?
this just proves that we could have won the tournament
thinking italy to win tournament outright now !
with the recent earthquakes in nepal , we are thinking of our samunnat sisters . the women that make our beautiful
very sad for what's happening in nepal . and the u .s., too .
can't bring him to say that romney will win or admit obama will .
dear mr . romney , following your lead , americans will not be disclosing the election returns .barack obama has won re-election . thank you .
50 cent x eminem - patiently waiting , til i collapse , love me + c : via
mumford sons with edward sharpe and the magnetic zeroes at sxsw : folk-rockers bring new
come take refuge with me and from hurricane sandy cause were lonely . we also have food and horror mo
don't forget preparing for : fuel , bread and water !
do you have any st .patrick day traditions ?
anddddd id say it was a successful st patricks day !
sending prayers to paris : terrorist shootings and explosions leave at least 100 dead in paris
thoughts and prayers for those people in paris its terrible what happened
photo : most point out if obama was running in canada he be prime minister for easily a decade . canada knows
if obama loses , my town would be empty . we're all mexicans here .
at renbury farm needing or by 3 pm thursday . don't shop !
rip muslim youth of sydney paying respects to victims their families of
despicable smearing of continues with transparent toxicology leak . we see you , stl county pd
asking cops if their lives are worth one mans lie .
i hope u fall in a well
i added a video to a playlist brussels attacks : what the witnesses saw - bbc news
happy st patricks day have a great day
wake up it's st-patrick's parade day !
net news superstorm sandy 'hurricane hackers ' gather to help
is a nice name . anyone plan on naming their kids it ? come on , the lights have been off for day
happy st patricks day from o'briens :)
but it's monday , and it's st . patrick's day :)
how was your st .patrick's day ? :) had fun ?
i enjoyed st . patricks day . there . i said it .
announcement from path travel from nj to ny will be down for 7 -10 days . jersey city and hoboken stations flooded .
just finished cleaning up the trash that sandy blew around last night .
i'm fine :)living 400 kms away from paris but i live near belgium and things are kinda crazy there . thanks *hugs*
now on bbc 2 :: 0015 : terror in paris - panorama
tomorrows st . patricks day tho
thanks for s /o. very kind words steph ! have as good a st .patricks day as you possibly can .
this is crazy everyone stay safe and rip to the innocent lives lost in paris
i mourn for all those affected in the terror attacks in paris . i hope they kind find comfort in the one who can only give it .
read the mixx magazine's issue feat online now !!!
read about here : and catch them now at !
watching the us election on al jazeera tv , never been on this channel before . a little confused .
we'll have election day updates all throughout the show starting after 7 pm !
nepal earthquake : 7.9 -magnitude tremor hits kathmandu - nbcnews .comnepal earthquake : 7 .
hope you are doing ok . earthquake hit the hardest in nepal . saw on the news .
nation : east coast prepares for hurricane sandy : your browser does not support iframes . michael pehote ,
thought we would get a day off from school today . sadly disappointed . hope those in danger along coast will get through sandy unharmed .
hooray . president obama has won the election . :d peace to the world i hope .
john terry had thanked all his supporters for getting barack re-elected .
i'm wearing pink and it's st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day everyone . hope you enjoy your day !!!
technically if you live in sc and you voted for obama , your vote didn't even count .
perhaps the question sh'd be why obama moves with hia family and not alone like our president does ! who is right ?
will they protect us from ebola tho ?
i love the children and their orphanage staff , and pray for their safety the ebola outbreak needs to be stopped .
happy st patricks day ! and too my fave sexy irishman
happy st patricks day to everyone far and near .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/o4yav1dlzx
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/06lkup1mwb
at least i woke up to obama being president .
cnn said immigrants , unemployed , minority voted more for obama . 50 k $ salary + college educated (over 20 ) blue
romney trynna get rid of porn nshit . ss'all good tho . stacking up on the tumblr likes as we speak .
that sucks , well again that goes to show , if i were a woman i would vote for obama !! obama cares about women and their rights !
woke up and cried for a minute (happy tears , obviously ). i'm really grateful that obama won .
president obama won his second termnow what ?
old sacramento st patrick day *
happy st patricks day ! i may have to make this for monday . :)
calling everyone who voted for obama stupid is mean , i disagree with somerepublicans but they aren't all thick
you and obama can go hold hands , with all the other fags !!! unfollowed !!!!!!!!
my friend's son in paris and mine in tokyo . we live in a small world now , must wish the best for everyone .
facebook uses new app so that family and friends know that you're safe . great response to in paris .
also , happy st . patrick's day !
rob ford : happy st patrick's day !
this was a heinous and cowardly act . fbi is now investigating it as an act of terrorism .
: fbi is investigating boston bombings as an act of terror .
happy st patricks day to all my fb friends and family .
good top of the morning to ya ! happy st patricks day !
in the wake of the paris attacks , beware of false information on social media : every time a
public grief : responding to tragedy on social media : in the wake of the attacks in paris , there has been an ou
ac : monday's google event in nyc cancelled due to hurricane sandy : bad news folks , this has just lande
monday's google event in nyc cancelled due to hurricane sandy : bad news folks , this has just lan
yesterday this black waved at me and i swear i saw him point an ak my way , so i shot him dead
cops had to protect a pro-cop woman in
sending my prayers to all the victims of
us to send disaster team , initial $1 million to nepal the united states will send a disaster response team to
happy st . patrick's day from the campus life staff !
happy st patricks day !! are you having fun ?
how many prestitutes returned from kathmandu ?they are shameless don't go out unless they are physically thrown out
families have lost so much . with your help , we can provide urgent shelter and food in nepal :
rt nyc mayor bloomberg endorses obama , saying hurricane sandy , climate change shaped his view -
mayor bloomberg says obama during hurrican sandy changed his view and he now endorses him . what exactly did obama do ? nothing obvious to me
i hope hurricane sandy don't effect the . new york votes .
it's too early to tell if hurricane sandy will affect gas prices : hurricane sandy has left its mark
united will give air miles for donations to nepal quake relief : united airlines wants you to give to nepal rel
united will give air miles for donations to nepal quake relief : united airlines wants you
so how that hurricane treating you ? lol
hurricane sets man-horse on the loose and it's amazing :
during hurricane sandy , misinformation and fact-checking clash on twitter - when hurricane sandy drew near
survived the arab spring and hurricane sandy
hurricane sandy , go away . come again no other day .
hope my ex sister in law and family are safe , that hurricane looks nasty
good start to . looking forward to many more games .
what a start to lets hope all the games are like that .
suspected mastermind of paris massacre killed in terror raid via
suspected mastermind of was killed in wednesday's raid - prosecutor .
genuine question : are getting much from facebook in terms of stories post -#sandy? i don't see many links out from twitter
is gone ! still have power , its a good day
european parliament pays tribute to victims of charlie hebdo attack
it's a disservice to the public and to freedom of speech for et al . to censor cartoons in coverage of the shooting .
germanwings co-pilot was a muslim convert .
take a look for yourself killer co-pilot was a muslim convert
happy st patrick's day to all of our irish friends .v
happy st . patricks day to all of our native american viewers .
i liked a video from hurricane sandy aftermath cherry hill
hurricane sandy came just days before halloween . coincidence ? uhm
six people arrested in brussels after tuesday attacks : six people were arrested on thursday night in a series
lib : six people arrested in brussels after tuesday attacks : six people were arrested on thursday night in a se
cowards in paris .. i hope you rot in hell you piece of terrorist shit !
thoughts + prayers w paris today !
you were mad obama was losing now that he won you ain't even celebrating . smh
obama , the senate and marijuana . three cheers for democracy !
romney doesn't want to ban tampons , chill .
obama drinks beer . i also drink beer .
people of nepal , we are praying to ease your burden . be strong .
we r not immune 2 quakes in like th 7.8 today enhances ur safety , recovery
why is there no 24 hour grease marathon on with hurricane sandy coming ?
we'd be the only people to be watching about hurricane sandy ..
the world will only end if obama is reelected .
tomorrow the go to the polls to elect or re-elect their president . dislike both obama and romney . may best spokesman win .
friends staying in a hotel being displaced , again , for marathon tourists . do the right thing , cancel it !
i don't think this belongs here . | the sailboats hurt me more :(
yare sydney siege hostages pleaded for the sick , elderly , young among them - hindustan times : hindustan t yare
followme - sydney siege hostages pleaded for the sick , elderly , young among the followme -
is the hurricane even that bad ? cant tell ..
hurricane benny or whatever tf its name fucking up the weather :(
calls to 211 for help up in northeast ohio following hurricane sandy
hurricane sandy's death toll climbs ; millions without power - northern colorado 5
just praying to god is not enough for nepal , they need our help . so , please help nepal whatever the way you can .
don't pray , but help nepal . donate one day's salary through your organisation and send the amount to pm relief
ooooh yeah ! champs ! let the parade begin !
i could care less about who wins the , but i do love a good commercial
paris police storming conce //t.co/pvuyv69pxa
our world is in desperate need of prayer . my heart aches for the people of paris .
happy st . patricks day to all ! have a good one .
havent been on in a while , but happy st . patricks day !
my wish for you . happy st patricks day .
i didn't even know its st .patricks day
i know hurricane sandy wouldn't of done any damage if mark whalberg was there
was so psyched after all the online shopping i just did . oh wait , hurricane sandy will delay all my new purchases .. curses !
celebrate st . patrick's day with this favorite
celebrating st . patrick's by handing out potatoes and whiskey to starving redheads .
i can't believe that happen in boston . .
my heart goes out to all the families affected in boston .
he justsaid hurricane katrina though ?
he just said hurricane katrina hahaha
toii animal rescue team heads for nepal from india : humane society international will deploy its animal rescue
animal rescue team heads for nepal from india : humane society international will deploy its anima
dtn indonesia : video : homes hit by typhoon hagupit : several homes have been damaged by typhoon hagupit in the
video : homes hit by typhoon hagupit : several homes have been damaged by typho
all u .s. stock , options markets reportedly to close monday due to hurricane : all u .s. stock , options markets rep
all u .s. stock , options markets reportedly to close monday due to hurricane : all u .s. stock ,
up to 15 % off and free shipping today only . happy st . patrick's day !
go green ! happy st . patricks day !
we all pray for people of nepal
live : historic dharahara tower in ruins , at least 2 killed as 7.9 earthquake hits nepal
two earthquakes in b .c., superstorm sandy , nhl lockout , the bachelor canada : things causing me to believe december 21 st , 2012 is still a go .
did you find your wallet ?
shoutem , garysguide team-up on austin party guide app for sxsw followme
i can't make the party tonight , have a great time !
the hurricane was lame but at least we turned it into a good party ! draggin ass at work today
massive tree down on the lower east side !
nothing like a little swag on st . patrick's day ! and don't forget about our green chair giveaway !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i hope you all have enjoyed your day or been pinched 100 times over . haha . i
highly reliable predicts obama win :
if d turnout is better than 08, obama landslide . if romney wins indies by a lot , romney landslide . cnn says both are happening .
st patricks days just not my day
we have our st . patrick's day cupcakes ready ;-) what are you going to make ?
banks offer loans , credit limit hikes to sandy victims : in the wake of superstorm sandy , banks ar
banks offer loans , credit limit hikes to sandy victims : in the wake of superstorm sandy , banks are offeri
tear gas fired . here we go
wow .. watching the stun grenades and tear gas being thrown this is sad in
liberia : taking lead - students , youths enter ebola fight : [frontpageafrica
liberia : taking lead - students , youths enter ebola fight : [frontpageafrica]monrovia -in the wake of denial of
y'all give attention to paris and brussels what about syria and ankara ??????
federal police in belgium issue wanted notice for suspect in brussels airport bombing : ap via ani_news
onstartups : how i enjoyed sxsw 2012 without attending the mega parties : late last night i got back fr
how i enjoyed sxsw 2012 without attending the mega parties : late last night i got bac from onstartups
happy st , patricks day !book porkchopla as your host for all the plus size fu . you can stand !! book it !
happy st . patrick's day ! remember - everyone is irish on st . patrick's day !
why isn't progrebnyak playing for russia
comon lads , good defense . need attacking tho , arshavin comon do your magic
4 or 5 years ago spain v italy would have been so much more exciting !
italy back 3 great today-snuffed out so much
sierra leone ebola escapee found : a sierra leone woman who went on the run after testing positiv
health news form bbc sierra leone ebola escapee found : a sierra leone woman who went on the run after testing
happy st . patrick's day to you as well harry ! :) xxx
happy st patricks day ! that means i will be doing some audits today , enjoy folks :)
ft : greece 1 -2 czech republic . goal from fanis gekas , petr jiracek and vaclav pilar .
ft : greece 1 -2 czech (gekas 53 ' / jiracek 3 ' pilar 5 ')
belgian capital brussels in lockdown after multiple explosions via
brussels terror attacks follow months of tension uncertainty in belgian capital
it is saint patrick day all the best to you !!!
can we get pictures of drunk niall on st patrick's day pls
the nepal earthquake lifted mount everest by an inch
me on bbc world tv talking about new emergency info service that launched today on
sure thing . happy st patrick's day ! :-)
monday :8:45 am donna 10 :30 am daniel of black market yoga 2 :00 pm donnahappy st . patrick's day
and then all they want to talk about is how many retweets obama got .
i'm just trying to hear obama speechi wish they come on so i can sleep
why can't britain have people like obama ? think this country would be fine ..
take yo eyes off obama and focus on jesus !!!!
mashable - space shuttle enterprise damaged by superstorm sandy [pics]
enjoy shuttle enterprise damaged by superstorm sandy [pics] great
blue alert national notification system news : sandy claims life of off-duty nypd cop who rescued his family
our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by hurricane sandy . we too have been affected , so please be
st patrick's day , year ago , london , love her .
watching a chem at patricks day music video in bio .
these people worked so hard updating us this week with sandy , so
again , for all their hard work this week great coverage of sandy
all 8 bodies in u .s. marine chopper mission found after nepal earthquake : the bodies of all eight people
nepal earthquake eight bodies recovered at us helicopter crash site : via
nepal : climbing out of rubble , still buried under debt
big thank you to everyone who purchased a shirt for nepal ! donations went out to today . grateful to have such awesome fans .
bbc commentary have the toughest job in sport for the
hahah i love the comercial ! ! woot !
as soon as the word hurricane comes on the newsppl start losing their damn minds smhh lmao
assassins creed tomorrow ? fuck this hurricane , i've been waiting months for that shit
anybody wanna be my hurricane buddy ?
i wish i had a hurricane buddy
faa declares no fly zone over boston . several more non-detonated bombs found . over 30 people injured .
boston marathon explosion update :2 fatalities a with up to 28 injured . a third bomb has exploded at the jfk
forgot st patricks day is tmrw !
some music for st . patrick's day
omg ! why are there empty seats in the stadium ? i would do anything to be there !!!!!
is it me or is mark lawrenson sounding suicidal tonight ? all expense paid trip to the euros not cheering you up lawro ?
nyc halloween parade cancelled for the first time in 39 years .
hope everyone on the eastcoast is ok ! sending warmth and prayers for everyone affected by sandy .
how does mitt romney feel about not winning any of the battle ground states ?
short list of failed ceo politicians : carly fiorina , meg whitman , mitt romney . maybe america's on to something
r hurricane sandy's waters flood blacked-out new york city
prayers go out to all being affected by sandy !
: nepal situation monitoring room opened at government house : a situation monitoring room to coo
nepal situation monitoring room opened at government house : a situation monitoring room to coordi
that's before i told h i voted for obama .
fyi i did not vote for obama .
i wanted to watch italy germany tomorrow morning but it's not on sbs !
italy . yes , please ! road to o :)
happy st . patrick's day , florida's emerald coast !
happy st patrick's day , ramona ! crank it up !
hurricane sandy : new york city to resume issuing permits for exterior shoots : the city will continue to
hurricane sandy : new york city to resume issuing permits for exterior shoots : the city will cont biz
i'm never going to town for st .patricks day again
happy st patricks day especially you
hurricane sandy updates will b posted on ths page frequently throughout the storm :
looks like sandy is doing the damage that irene never did
still don't have no current after hurricane (sandy) but ah teefing some wifi power just to listen to with meh dawg
kate beaton cartoons through sandy
what's the best way to help the people of nepal ?
urban on worked hard to continue their treatment . how many people are on mmt . i can't find a figure .
holy shit what's going on in paris is insane
how is this reporter on sky news linking these paris attacks to friday 13 th on live tv please . unbelievable
if scotland goes independent , northern england should follow . bring back northumberland
ah , very relevant to today it's life .
nervous about this election but im staying positive is gonna his 4 more years !!!
i wonder if i walk outside will i trip over a box full of votes
since hurricane sandy made me bored , i decided to paint my sisters face :)
even a hurricane can't stop new episodes of maury
also everyone from the real effect would like to wish all our irish followers a happy st patricks day !!!
i forgot it was st patricks day today omg
how i found out today was st patricks day because my teacher said it lol
go greener this st . patrick's day with tips from
via here's how the deadly ebola virus has spread across the globe -
ready twoo black whity monkeys makak .. are komische are big from oosten afro which with ebola virus toe amerikanos crappie god
happy st . patrick's day . we want to know , what is your favorite this about today
qing in st . patricks is savage . cathedral still under renovation
portugal's kit is slightly strange this year !
what a chance for portugal ! how did andersen keep that out ?!
tomorrow st patrick's day and i don't own anything green
tomorrow is st . patricks day ? wth ? i thought is was next month lmao
800 + dead in . bloody horrible . really , truly horrible .
i guess now usaid is going to help out but that help is going to be as effective as in haiti .
hurricane patricia as seen from the international space station
a visible miracle for mexico thanks to the intercession of our lady of guadalupe
due to the severe weather associated with hurricane sandy , all service for monday , october 29, 2012, has been http
we jusy left virginia last week , now its about to be a hurricane , we left just in time
[st. patrick voice ] i am tired of these mothaf *ckin snakes on my mothaf *ckin ireland
happy st . patrick's day ! what did you do to celebrate ?
wow . the match is suspended due to heavy rain .
wow !!! match suspended ! ukraine vs france
thoughts of love and prayers are with our brothers and sisters in nepal today .
sending love and prayers to the victims in nepal .
doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies
doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus : the sierra leonean do via
from all of us , we want to extend our thoughts and prayers to anyone affected by the boston marathon today . we
heartbreaking to hear that newtown victim families were in the vip section right by the boston marathon explosion #
4 more yrs of harassment because my president is black ! romney
why did i cry through president obama's acceptance speech ? wonderful orator or elated that the will stop reporti
can i get a rt for my birthday ?! happy st patricks day !!!!
good morning beautiful people . happy st . patrick's day .
let's capture your experience !we're donating $5 to nepal relief for each review
nepal cyberscrambles to organize cyberquake relief , many flee cybercapital
happy st . patrick's day ! kerry , ireland
happy st . patricks ! best in ireland in iceland on !
another crash ! what a tragedy !bbc news - germanwings airliner crashes in french alps
germanwings airliner crashes in french alps . shit :-(
i intrvwd this guy f / c'bean terrace who says he was outside drinking during sandy . i asked y he was outside ; he says , the
we'll be posting updates related to hurricane on our homepage the next few days .
[bella naija ] ebola virus spreads to ghana ?
[bellanaija] ebola virus spreads to ghana ?
everyone's drinking or at the st . patrick's day parade and i'm just at work like .
o it's st . patricks day
police commissioner : the area around the crime scene has been reduced from 15 to 12 blocks ; asks for public to submit any video /pics
the chicagotribune dedicates the front of the sports page to boston today .
come on david stern its hurricane sandy !!!
david stern dumb as hell . this man just said hurricane katrina . its sandy . -____-
paris attacks : female suicide bomber shouted 'help me ! help me !' to police during saint-d from
paris attacks : female suicide bomber shouted 'help me ! help me !' to police during saint-denis raid : fema
authorities recommend kazakh travellers returning from africa to undergo ebola test
g + kazakhstan authorities recommend kazakh travellers returning from africa to undergo ebola test 11 july
the daily planet would like to wish all of you a happy st . patricks day !#stpatricksday
happy st . patrick's day to all ! come on in for some irish whiskey and good company !
we hope it all ends peacefully in . are you close by location ?. please share photos and regular updates .
gunman demands chat with prime minister tony : report
exclusive fresh nepal quake death toll hits 96 exclusive
exclusive fresh nepal quake death toll hits 96 get more on ..
scorpions - rock you like a hurricane - berlim philarmonic orchestra : via
thanks , nicole ! stay safe ! rt generac is the best investment i made for my house . kept us online , wa
i had to make my own sticker
just exercised my right to vote ! if you haven't yet , please go out and vote . this is the biggest election of our lives .
paris attacks : is are 'psychopathic monsters ', says kerry - bbc news
great article : france has received 6,700 syrian asylumlebanon currently hosts 1.1 million syrian refugees
praying for all my east coast family !! stay safe !
please rt ! mt volunteers , please join us tomorrow as we begin our hurricane clean up .
the hindutruly massive storm to impact 60 million people .boston.comthis morning sandy
good morning ! watch out for that hurricane .
happy st patricks day proud to be part irish !
happy st patricks day dont get too drunk
i think its pretty cool that they got one of the california raisins to give us hurricane updates !! o wait , nevermind its just al roker
or come run the marine corp marathon in the hurricane with me in dc ! ooh rah !
let's start next week ! i work everyday this week cause patricks on vacay so i'm gonna be beat .
in honor of , i am enjoying cornbeef sandwich on rye with mustard .
yup . up this early with st patricks fucking hangover . :/
better late than never , merry st . patrick's day green beer yayand now somethin else that is green but better than beer !!
happy st . patrick's day loves !! i love u xx
better be wearing that green . happy st . patrick ' day !!!!
happy st patrick's day ! here's where to celebrate :
happy st . patrick's day to all the irish out there !! stay safe !!
any cork jerseys to be seen around the world on st . patrick's day ???
our nod to st patricks day . ..just!
england vs france tonight . which side are you on ?
how will england do against france
prayers up to those in nepal man ! hate to hear about something like that .
said something about the nepal earthquake
breaking : anduva will never cancel classes again .
could sandy affect turnout on the easter seaboard ? will us efforts be hampered ? tweet your thoughts to us .
namo has also directed to evacuate each international tourists in nepal , get them to india then send them home !! r .e.s.p.e.c.t.s
prayers , thoughts deepest condolences to the victims and their families of this disaster in nepal .
if you're looking for some healthy dishes to serve at your party you can take a few from me here .
i really wish the were playing in the tomorrow and not the
i'm looking for my michelle obama from here on out
obama needs to quit the handouts , help get americans jobs , decrease the debt , and help find some common ground with congress .
congrats to all the kids in third world countries on their new patriots championship gear .
so happy for rooney mara . (also happy for
fort worth doctor in africa tests positive for ebola virus : dr . kent brantly is medical director at the samari
sierra leone : kidnapped ebola woman on the run - nigerian bulletin
very well put . i'm so pleased , as a brit , that obama was voted back in
the dick that romney gone choke on .!!! lol leave me alone rae .
typhoon hagupit batters philippines via
photos from typhoon hagupit as it batters the philippines via
thinking about reworking the boss ' 4 th of july , asbury park (sandy) to be about this stupid ass hurricane
you stupid hoe stop blowing the whole northeast .
: people around the world show off tattoos honoring paris : we tattoo ourselves because via
: people around the world show off tattoos honoring paris : we tattoo ourselves bec via
g + photos : see what happens when you are infected with the ebola virus , from symptoms of a common cold
so a man passed through the airport on monday , in the area i was working , with that deadly ebola virus . great !
no one talking bout the explosion in pakistan huh
so sad a pregnant women died and no one is from her family to collect his body ..
a toast to you on this glorious st . patrick's day !
holy shit .. today is st . patrick's day .
what ? ms . monsanto embraces policies that favor the rich over the poor ? you kidding ? or else for president .
mau followers dan likes instagram gratis ?? klik instaindo [dot]com ~ [#panamapapers] ~ 6
i'm starting to think hurricane sandy is a rumor
new york we pray for you . but have some fun voting while inside : vote !
body of child found in the wheel well of a military c130 bound from africa to germany , no trace of ebola has bee
if there's one thing i've learned from googling symptoms , it's that everything leads to either ebola or chuck norris .
linkage : our final all-sandy , all-the-time morning news brief : photo of pennsylvania national guard during hurricane
losses from could be triple those of irene
hurricane sandy : causing bad hair days everywhere .
if you need an extra canopy this weekend , let me know ! meanie hurricane sandy is blowin thru !!!
thr : massive hurricane sandy takes aim at east coast
s /o to hurricane sandy handy
watch : philippines hit by typhoon hagupit ; college football playoff teams announced : abc news ' mara schiavocampo reports the latest
watch : philippines hit by typhoon hagupit ; college football playoff teams announced : abc news ' mara schiavoca
nope ! we are off school because of st patricks day ;)
after all these years it's still a complete novelty to have st patrick's day off
norah jones plays entire new album at sxsw - this was just the second time she's pl
video : rick ross sxsw performance fader fort :
i hope everyone is having a happy and safe st . patricks day !
we have an irish man over for tea tonight . happy st patricks day
hey follow today ? maybe st patrick's day will be my lucky day
happy st patrick's day niall ! have a good day for you xx
happy ! we hope you have a safe , lucky day !
st . patrick's day has to do with the potato famine in ireland back in the day but i'm schleep
aw , just heard about what happened in boston .
wow just heard about what happened in boston
watching live from denmark how is closing up on , hope that everyone is getting out of the city . be safe !
dear sandy , please don't kill my power until after castle airs . otherwise , you and me are through .
thoughts and prayers for everyone here in ottawa today . stay safe 3
what the hell ottawa . stay safe
checking out of this sydney case , i've seen enough . *hands over keys *
proves 1 thing - sunnis r the scum dat need to be addressed .. hyper-fascination w / a 1400 ad arab . dumbfucks ..
the rasmussen tracking poll on obama's approval rating shows 52 % approve on the president's job , 48 % disapprove .
woke up to happy .. obama still the president ..now our kids can have a future i guess i should pop 1 out ..lol
bryan goh from looks at the market impact of on at 0942 hk /sg
obama adviser ben rhodes : our refugee plan will proceed , despite via
my joy , my joy n my inspiration from obama yes we can !
happy to wake up know obama is back . (:
how do they come up with hurricane and tornado names ? cause my mama power self need one named after her .
this hurricane might be too real . niggas power out already .. like , wtf .
i am concerned that obama may order hurricane sandy rescue workers to stand down toobecause they may not have enough
obama has declared war against terrorism - nature chapter , hurricane sandy
happy st . patrick's day all ! hope everyone's having a great day :)
happy st . patrick's day ! what they're doing in dublin today - the rest of the year
oh that's right , it's st . patricks day
never gone to school on st . patricks day before
happy st . patrick's day :)hype this on lookbook :
white person wishin me happy st patricks day smh i just wanted some apple juice fuk out my face
y is st .patricks day soo important ??
happy st . patrick's day ! run safe and always run home !
all these tweets yet nothing on my timeline about what's going down in paris right now
y'all tune into al jazeera . shit seems to be going down in paris .
so sad to hear the news . hate will never win .
thank god no filipinos hurt in paris attack
i had no clue today was st . patricks day
happy st .. patrick swayzee day !
we've got all the green you need ! happy st . patrick's day amigos !
freezing but happy ! happy st . patricks day !
gomez scores . thank f *ck. not only to preserve my dying sanity , but also for fantasy football points !
superb gomez header . will portugal open up now ?
sandy bout to be a bad ass bitch watch
sandy better come and go real quick
time for all out war against islam and muslims . usa is in danger like europe and brussels this morning .
i second that foxy , # brussels so sad
sandy jokes never get old hahah
pa hopes everyone is safe during sandy ! here is some helpful info that can help everyone during the storm :
official : ebola kills senior doctor in liberia : monrovia : one of liberia's most high-profile doctors has died of
ebola kills top doctor in liberia , official says
spain has the best soccer players :).my team won !!!!
congrats indeed ,best team in the world
bombs go off in and then an rips through this is a tragic day
thinking about the bomb in boston yesterday . a 8 year old girl are no longer whit us r .i.p
our thoughts out to those affected by the terrible events in boston .
well said your comments on the boston marathon tragedy gave me chills .
indian govt is going out of its way to assist in relief rescue
thats great : dogs from , assisting in rescueoperation in
we're going to appoint hurricane sandy as our defense secretary if we win
2 dopeboyz : sean price : reporting live from hurricane sandy (video)
real change on doors , last 24 hours or so , definitely have momentum here in east right now , just need to keep it going !
when one goes to war ? we all go to war !
we are changing things up this . happy st . patrick's day , everyone !
happy st patricks day i hope you have a great day ! x
president obama has assured new jersey governor chris christie that the storm damage from sandy will be covered up .
damage from sandy unimaginable : nj gov
maybe the world will end when we get to the last hurricane , we're only on 's', 7 more ..
getting all these emails about hurricane sandy from st rose we better close one damn day
live feed from the times building : hurricane sandy
the cold temperature , the gloomy weather , intense gusts of windbring it on hurricane sandy
woooooooooow what is those bangs on sky news ?!
waiting for to land in sydney and resolve the she has prior experience in dealing with such situations
i am predicting a romney win with him getting 290 electoral votes .
lots of bullies on twitter today i notice .
woman blew herself up in paris seige : 10 developments
the police action you are describing is being seen by people wanted .indian media is the worst in creating news
wearing green for st , patrick's day !! how are you celebrating today ?
happy st patricks day ! check this out if your looking to celebrate
what a win for spain ! you babe !!
can you congrats to the spanish soccer team for win the ?
it really fucking depresses me w . these sandy victims . i complained about my power but they don't have homes , food , drinks , power or clothes
i said on fb that instead of the charity he should donate supplies to the sandy victims
they're both good a b .s'ers but im not really voting for romney lol , im sticking to obama
i like this so much better . romney /ryan all the way .
i ,ll try to contact to my friend in nepal ,, but right now it's not possible .
seeing lots of posts from friends in nepal who have experienced the 7.9 magnitude . sending love , positive thoughts , and prayers .
happy st . patrick's day :-) yaaaaaaay
happy st . patricks day !!!!!!!! hope its a fun day for everybody .some facts coming later about today
and that's why humanity always awakens even to the darkness of terrorism
my thoughts and prayers go out to the victims , and their families and friends , of the devastating .
wv counties , officials prepare for hurricane sandy
found a teeny bit of a rainbow trying to sneak through the clouds on my run ! thanks hurricane sandy !
i pray hurricane sandy dont hit land , my family is in miami orlando !
hope your safe . hurricane sandy is on your way . 3
death toll around 1,100 in the nepal earthquake
today ,one of the black day has been added in the history of nepal that earthquake has killed about more than 1500 people and brought grief !!
if you are looking for election coverage from the dt //t.co/sawu33er
if you are looking for election coverage from the dt //t.co/by57om38
seattle-area runners in boston : 'this is probably it for me '
i can't keep calm i'm from boston
going to ? check out the film sun don't shine by amy seimetz .
the ocd chef cutting board . this is great !
happy st . patrick's day from county kerry in ireland !
turned on , and sheamus is going up against alberto del rio at over the limit 2012 . happy st . patrick's day , i reckon .
hurricane sandy is sooooooooo gonna suck .
looks like is a hanging curveball right into seaside park , new jersey .
charlie hebdo's next edition to go out in 1 million copies - world
i'm sure the people who think the charlie hebdo cartoonists were asking for it feel the same about this poor guy .
our president never ceases to embarrass the united states !!
department of foreign affairs ' statement on the explosions in brussels :
strong earthquake strikes nepal - bbc news praying for all ..
earthquake in nepal showing up on jersey seismograph . thinking of everyone we know there .
me and my nigga ain't talkin hurricane sandy so fuck all ya we talking hurricane mom !! lmao
still up , sandy ain't touch up near me that much
the stories of paris make me so sad
our thoughts and prayers are with you , people of france we condemn this attack
for your st . patrick's day party planning needs
wait today's st . patrick's day ?! then what was saturday
great deal for the st . patrick's day in and
st . patrick's day brunch cocktails in !
is tomorrow ! don't forget to wear your ! photo by ellie gillard photography
it is amazing how many old friends you run into at the st . patrick's day parade , so much energy around the parade route
romney looks like his name should be chris .
keep it classy y'all . romney is being a great sport about this .
hurricane party my house sunday
hurricane sandy survival tips and preparation information ! (pinned)
some creative banners from participants for anti sdl demo in monkton . this sunday , 1 pm .
looking 4 wd 2 rally and vigil 2 nite ! kicks off 5.45 outside m'cr cathedral .
hurricane fink coming 2 nite ! gettin 1 of u niggaz bitches wet lata
ikr why can't we have hurricane sandy :(
wait . romney only prepared avictory speech ? and some expected him to be able to run a country ? he has no preparation . smh
who is this dj at the rally in ? i want to go to there !
maryland takes action in wake of brussels attack - baltimore sun
teleprompter-trump stumbles even /teleprompter knocking nato a aipac 2016 less than 24 hrs before brussels attacks !
*insert witty comment about torres being useless to fit in with the rest of the clueless haters *
i really feel for torres just needs to find his form again .
s leone hunts seized ebola patient : a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freetown , for a wom
news : s leone hunts seized ebola patient : a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freet via
happy st patricks day from kilkenny , can't wait until next friday night !
lol yesterday i asked morgan if it was st . patrick's day bc hella people were wearing green at the mall
around the same time canadian geese fly south for the winter , about as many americans will permanently migrate north if romney wins tomorrow
if romney wins can i seek political asylum ?
and a very happy st . patrick's day to you !
happy st patrick's day my fellow paddys ..xx
thoughts and prayers are in tonight . may god be with you .
love and prayers go out to paris and all of the families involved in today's tragedy .
mac rumors : itunes store now accepting donations for superstorm sandy relief : apple has lau
itunes store now accepting donations for superstorm sandy relief (via
view of the amusement park in seaside heights nj after rt
the problem for the dems with the hurricane is that if obama attacks romney now he seems petty , attacking romney is all he's got .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ycsrvzhgsz
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/u4e5lx3nt1
nepal to establish rs 200 billion fund for reconstruction `
eth nepal to establish rs 200 billion fund for reconstruction `: nepal prime appealed to various donors to pro
is ebola coming across our southern border along with all the illegals ?!
facts on ebola virus disease ebola virus disease (formerly known as ebola haemorrhagic fever ) is a severe , of
are you going to the ? share your travel tips here using
who do you think will win the mvp in the super bowl ? via
if you aren't up to date on the west african ebola outbreak , you need to be . it's the world's worst on record .
liberians in us worry about ebola outbreak - abc news : usa todayliberians in us worry about ebola outbreakabc
happy st . patrick's day ! proud of senator
a very happy and blessed st patricks day to you all . :)
morning !.. a sweet for you on this st .patricks day .. :)
starting st . patrick's day off right : hungover .
italy ! spain ?? italy ?? which squad do you cheer for , friends ?
*burst into giggles * [note to self : never question sala san marcohe's always a step ahead ] yes is
i can almost bet is watching the
and gay men everywhere turn to the in one minute
the football poland are playing is quite offensive . just like their fans
i hope that this first goal was just a promise of the many good things to come ! bravo , poland .
singing a tribute to those affected by hurricane sandy . if you can , please donate to the
when brad paisley starts to sing and mentions new jersey because of sandy .
happy to report samsi postdoc dorit hammerling got through boston marathon finish line long before bombing . 3 go out to all affected .
still can't believe what happened yesterday . my prayers , thoughts and heart goes out to boston .
i'm but i have on my ah !
i almost forgot ! happy saint patrick's day ! hope you're having a fantastically green day wow this is cheesy
my life has been made . thanks sandy !!
i cant even handle all the spongebob references for hurricane sandy
sandy shuts down northeast air travel - kota
sandy shuts down northeast air travel - wrcb-tv
thoughts with the soldier who was shot at parliament hill .
soldier shot near canadian parliament building : reports [sale ]
so much gel on that pitch , reminds me of an 80 s school disco
sure the commentators on bbc are just taking the piss half of the time
i would be interested in sxsw if it wasn't in texas .
sxsw big ten tourney party on 3 rd w /
msnbc says romney is scheduled to speak at 12 :55, but it's still not quite clear what he's going to say .
mitt romney to speak at 12 :55 am . i wonder what he's going to say .
can't pick a favourite ! mt we're still celebrating st . patrick's day w / photos of the emerald isle
don't worry . st patrick's day has nothing to do with religion . should be called ireland's day :-)
i know you don't do much with this anymore but you have to so something with aunt sandy , halloween , and hurricane sandy !
thiss hurricane cominn !!! to get us
best st patricks day of all time ????
it's st .patrick's day drink up everyone !!!
csid's is featured in article on data privacy via
like it , love it , want some more of it
waking up to this , prayers for all in paris
my prayer and thoughts go to all victims of terror attacks in airaq lebanon and paris .
wasn't obama . trumper done it so he could knock out a few wind farms .
according to the media obama has it under control
latest : 3 generations of one family among victims in germanwings crash
3 generations of one family among victims in germanwings crash
medical eyewitness at boston marathon : clothes on victims were on fire following bomb blast
an honest observation of an american after boston blasts !
i hope that my family everyone on the east coast is doing okay with hurricane sandy going on ..
due to hurricane sandy , we have been experiencing issues with inbound calls . we apologize for any delays during
brother of (muslim) victims in paris attacks : 'everyone was dead '
here's everything you need to know about the paris attackers : of the nine people believed to have been involve
happy st . patrick's day from dublin to all my friends subscribers .
happy st . patrick's day oh
im not american but obama needs to win
who says boys don't cry ? just today , christie weeps after talking to springsteen , then obama sheds a single tear at his final rally in iowa .
nepalese tv has aired new video taken from helicopter flying above kathmandu and surrounding areas which showed
i'm praying for all the ppl in nepal . one of my friends is there right now but thank god she is alright !!
i can't believe that was only a 4.4 it felt soo much bigger . happy st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day , twitter . please check out my -
omg i didn't know it's supposed to be a hurricane this weekend ! i'm eitheemr getting some company or getting tf !
join the bnp here : video : hurricane is dubbed 'frankenstorm': hurricane sandy could merge w leeds
there . i got drunk for st patricks day
let's all appreciate the bacteria that make our world a much , much better place . happy st . patrick's day , everyone !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qgfqu5oazu
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eq8rnaaous
who wants a pair of tickets to our sold out piper pub crawl on st . patrick's day ?! comment below with why you're
i'm wearing blue . st patrick's day isn't 'til monday .
obama being very gracious toward romney
obama the man he still thanking romney . !
anyone in the us , i beg of you in a few hours to do anything but vote for romney . please .
dont understand why any woman in their right mind would vote for romney
happy st . patrick's day ! here are some traditions you may be familiar with
happy snowy st . patrick's day . snow days have been good to central harford .let's see the luck of the irish
lol hurricane sandy whoopin ass .
hurricane sandy wont stop the real fitties .
first game finishes : poland 1 - 1 greece
what a game !! first goal , 1 st yellow card , 1 st red card and 1 st penalty !!!
this class is sitting here talking about how obama is gonna win .
obama is the coolest he needs to win there is no other option other wise the world will all go hate on america bc romney idk
in 9 months there will be an abundance of newborns named sandy due to everyone in ny and nj being stuck in their h
as prepared as i can be . sandy ??? fuck you ..bring it bitch !
facts you should know about ebola virus prevention : ebola disease as of today via
facts you should know about ebola virus prevention
happy st . patrick's day ! guinness float time !
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at the washington state history museum !
this ottawa shooting is deffinatly going down on the muslims
who is michael zehaf-bibeau , muslim blood cult gunman killed in ottawa shootings ? we know he joined a medieval blood cult of crazy haters .
trending hashtag and sydney siege cafe selfies - the ongoing hostage situation in sydney has sparked an outpouring
best city of the world facing the worst people of the world .
im just wondering why people are still tweeting about romney ? stfu .
so many good jokes about obama and romney !!
npr politics : superstorm sandy may have blown in fresh breeze of bipartisanship
superstorm sandy may have blown in fresh breeze of bipartisanship : when president obama and new jersey gov . npr
darijo srna delivering cross in 3 -1 victory over in
ah the lads played hard keith andrews man of the match for me bring on spain !!!#euro2012
how are u celebrating st . patrick's day ?
happy st . patrick's day devin .!
fuck st . patricks day is all i can say
thanks !! i hope you had a nice st patrick's day !!
happy st . patricks day . the man who drove all the snakes out of ireland .
happy st . patricks day to you all ? anyone doing anything nice ?
obama death panels , failure to clean up g bush's mess quickly enough , failure to appoint jesus as cabinet member .
i think michelle was one of the best , if not the best , decisions barack has made in his life . just saying .
italy are now my team since they nocked england out
here we go ! deutschland uber alles !!!
not drinking until next st .patricks day
jessica wade is on point tonight !! happy st . patrick's day from miami , where today we tied our record high of 88 f
je suis paris . my heart and my prayers are with paris .
our hearts are with paris tonight . sending positive vibes and thoughts .
happy st patrick's day to all those celebrating today .
happy st-patrick's day my little irish 3
germany and italy have faced each other twice at the euros : 1 -1 in 1988 and 0 -0 in 1996 .
come on italy . you can overcome the machines today
i don't always dress like an idiotbut when i do , it's st . patrick's day .
make sure to put a st . patrick's hat on your wolf shirt !
sandy bitches always get me wet .
yo sandy .. stop bitching an just come already !
happy st patrick's day people 3 so many selfies ;-)
gm all ! happy st patrick's day
our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of those who died in the . we also hope
thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of the 2 people who sadly died during
so many inspiring stories and images of people helping the injured in boston right after the explosions - good prevails
mystery man spotted on boston rooftop
bataclan attendees describe horror of terrorist attack - bataclan attendees describe horror of terrorist attack
if the world's government needed an opportunity to out which group of people are crazy or not the is the time !
jay-z really just introduced president barack obama . this is mind-blowing . i can do anything i want to in this country . god bless america .
if obama doesn't win tomorrow it will just be four more years of bush . that won't be so bad .will it ?
dulahan at fountainsquare in :) happy st . patrick's day !
are you a leprechaun at our st . patrick's day party today ? tweet us pics from with hashtag !
i am saddened does know it's st . patrick's day !?! lol :)
oh . i forgot it was st . patricks day lol
happy st . patrick's day from crosser natural health !
happy st patrick's day from the bean puppy !
watch live : mayor bloomberg is updating the city on preparations for hurricane sandy
my only wish is my power doesn't go out because of hurricane sandy !
nobody cares about st . patricks day .
it's the same thing , right ? happy st patrick's day !
we get it dude , you're irish and you like st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day hooligans .
needs to be at my house for this hurricane too . remember last year when we almost lost our cars lmao
lol i feel bad for all the people who went all out and decorated their houses for halloween . have fun taking tht down for sandy lol
convinced that i didn't get a follow from because i'm not irish and it's st . patrick's day .
happy birthday congratulations ! this just hasn't been my st . patrick's day , the bullies nearly got me pinched !
where are you celebrating st . patrick's day today ? here's some more options
this girl in my class just asked me what st patricks day is ..
panning to follow results of this evening ? here are the key times . i'll be doing live updates all night .
can't handle this . it's going to be a long night !
to those thinking satirising religion by drawing on paper is equal to killing people with an ak -47, seek help . you need it .
defender of sadden by loosing our supporter friend of
am i the only person that gives zero fucks about st . patrick's day ?
riding the st . patrick's saturday night party train . to bad we never got over our motion sickness .
it is law if you make all those churches lose their tax exempt status : obama doesn't have the balls though .
president obama has your back , do you have his !
least 'box office ' group my arse !
the czech's have pulled back a goal early into the 2 nd half sets up one hell of a game !
i'm probably the only irish person who could care less about st . patrick's day .
my kids are so excited for the cleveland st . patrick's day parade that they are unable to sleep !
st . patrick's day makes me miss ireland and dublin entirely too much . seems like so long ago that i interned there !!
i celebrated st patrick's day like a true irishman : pale , freckled , and un-athletic
our thoughts and prayers are with all of those in paris and all of those affected
terrible analogy ..are you saying paris couldn't be struck again by incoming foreign terrorists ?
pmarca : airbnb helps paris attack victims ' families find free places to stay
remembering our amazing trip to paris this past julyso sad to hear what's happening . happy to hear our
to whom it may concern - happy st . patrick's day ! :)
happy st patricks day have a good day :) xx
mariah carey cancels brussels show in wake of attacks : mariah carey has canceled her upcoming show in brussels , belgium , in the wake
billboard news : mariah carey cancels brussels show due to safety concerns : mariah carey has canceled her upcom
hmmm fire alarm in dundee count hall . not a great night for dundee .
rt : fire alarm at dundee count . hall evacuated
my thoughts and prayers r with paris , france right now .
our entire community sends love to paris .
75 th anniversary of the blitz next week , let's show we still have spirit to help our fellow humans
ignorant bigot excuse .for evil to triumph all that is required is for good people to do nothing .#refugeeswelcome
happy st . patrick's day mate ;d have fun !!
happy st . patrick's day ! green boots , oh yeah !
forgot it's st . patricks day but i looked down and i'm wearing green anyways lol what i never wear green
happy st . patrick's day :)*n*
big thank you to all who cast a vote for entered raffle ! now , go vote in !
let's face it , most women vote for whoever they'd rather fuck
my one coworker always wears a kilt on st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day ~ don't forget your greenhave a blessed day !
the uk owes a moral debt to our global neighbours
in bedford , have been supporting refugees for 15 + years . we always need volunteers and donations
webs will be closing today at noon due to hurricane sandy . please be safe out there folks .
these hurricane sandy jokes have to stop , it's not funny
most read today : buildings collapse in nepal capital after 7.7 quake-witnesses : new delhi (reuters) - a massiv
buildings collapse in nepal capital after 7.7 quake-witnesses : new delhi (
right ! who's gonna be like oh man its a hurricane out there and i cant go anywhere anyway but i really need to make this deposit
interesting this is your 1 st hurricane . just keep each other safe . love ya both lots !!
u .s. doctor contracts ebola in liberia : dr . ken brantly , treating patients there as par en
: u .s. doctor contracts ebola in liberia : dr . ken brantly , treating patients there as pa via
happy st . patrick's day !!! what are you going to wear so you won't get pinched ???
happy st . patrick's day from soho .
happy st . patrick's dayrockin the green today
happy st patrick's day from axonex !
sxsw day 1 : startup buses take texas : arriving in san antonio , 10 busloads worth of brand new companies unload t
sxsw day 1 : startup buses take texas (via
verizon representing at love the zip line at
to be fair , the orchestral trailer music played over these giants and pats season recaps would adrenalize almost anything .
medical nepal seeks help , death toll seen rising after devastating quake
md media nepal seeks help , death toll seen rising after devastating quake
very gracious conceding speech by romney .
very gracious speech by governor romney
i'm not irish ,,but i married one ! happy st . patrick's day
happy st patrick's day to you and yours from across the pond .
how are you doing post sandy ? all well ?
tucker carlson's hurricane sandy analysis so stupid even bret baier questions it he says it looks bad for obama .
having been glued to the news as the destructive power of hurricane sandy ripped through the n . east coast of
going from a place with power to no power . lets see how much damage sandy actually did
due to , our ohio offices are closed and out of power . this includes our main 800 number . we apologize for the inconvenience .
nyse cleans up after sandy ; opening wednesday : the new york stock exchange expects to open as usual wed
news typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 from
dicas para typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 : typ
pak and the us can learn from eachother about disaster prep given sandy , katrina , irene , and pak history of monsoons . ripe for discussion ?
up running ! despite hurricane sandy we have kept operations going have already processed sales from australia , uk canada !
just back after vaishno devi darshan heard about the earth quake in nepalfeeling sad for nepal ..may mata rani bless them !!
our thoughts are with the people of nepal , we hope for relief and restoration
so wait , is today st . patricks day ?
st patricks day is in a few days do you have any plans ?
obama im not even a american , but still ahaa
what does the defense industry the u .s. military think of the candidates ? you may be surprised obama
a wee bit of riverdance for st patrick's day :)
what am i doing this st . patrick's day ? rr . see like new year's eve , st . patrick's day is amateur hour . when i
tomorrow's st . patrick's day fella
i just spent st . patrick's day weekend in philadelphia . it's the city of brotherly bluuuuuuuuuuuughhh
hmm wonder if it's because of the hurricane off the coast .
i'm coming for you hurricane sandy !!! hopkins international airport (cle) w / 19 others )
six of the best . - american football movies -
always great to see love for ada , ohio .
a couple of our new dish gardens with a little st . patricks flare . ;)
mexicans celebrate st patricks day too ..
yet no one does anything and no world wide outrage until its paris that was attacked ! do you not see
analysis - after paris attacks , french leaders reposition for presidential race read more :
happy st . patrick's day !celebrate by part-taking in our yearly earthquake !
green on top !!! happy st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day ! may you find the end of the rainbow !
drinking and sega classics !! happy st patrick's day !!!:
shimlalife : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead
brackens 1 : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead
icymi : last night we talked with a staffer on parliament hill who was in lockdown during the shooting .
newspaper front pages the day after the shooting | via
you a very happy st . patricks day !
feel the need to celebrate st . patricks day but ..i can't bare the thought of alcohol .
scene in mong kok now . police with riot shields and batons . tense crowd on other side of road
mt right now . police with riot shields and batons . tense crowd on other side of road
how come you can't come up with a police report , but you can find a video ?! (clearly directed at pd )
talk about it al ! you can't find a police report but can find a video ?!
happy st patricks day might get wavy to celebrate wl
happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! we hope you have a lucky day !
happy st patrick's day . thanks for the idea candice
happy st . patrick's day leprechaun latigable .
airlines resume flights after hurricane : airlines and airports in the northeast started making tentative
[cnn-mon] airlines resume flights after hurricane : airlines and airports in the northeast started making tentati
smoke just fired . and just got hit with a rubber bullet . jesus
vice in smoke hit by rubber bullet
happy sant patrick's day ireland !!
happy (snowy) st . patrick's day from no . va . love this photo . is that one of the scarves that your grandma knitted for you ?
my thoughts are with all those impacted by today's attacks in paris -
awful news coming out of paris tonight . thoughts and prayers for everyone affected . stay safe neighbours .
actually scored for once . thats how bad we are !
spain's torres scores first impossible goal in match against ireland irish team is suppressed
happy st . patrick's day !---guinness brownies
happy st . patricks day to you go have some black stuff .
who is st . patrick ? (i went to a catholic school still don't know the answer to this ).
the scene on st . patrick's day , performing live .
time for italy to park the azzurri bus in front of goal - hope it doesn't get to repeat that in the finale !
germany vs italy tonight . i'm going for a 2 -0 germany win
2 hrs ago : bf told me how not bad it was in erie . 2 min . ago : bf told me how he survived a terrible hurricane . avoiding cleaning kitchen .
lmao did you hear the commissioner say hurricane katrina lmao
video reporter tours hometown sandy destruction : cnn's maggie lake goes back to her hometown to tour the da
reporter tours hometown sandy destruction : cnn's maggie lake goes back to her hometown to tour the damage from superstorm sandy .
well can you pray for as well or blood is not important ?!
wnz : cena comments on boston bombings , ryback taunts cena , del rio -
forbes - 10 stocks to benefit from hurricane sandy
my parents are in the path of hurricane sandy you idiot . keep your ridiculous mouth shut b /c people need to evacuate
y doesn't modi give lv shawls to nepal victims , lik his own ?
earthquake nepal help sos via
happy happy st . patrick's day everybody !! xx
happy st . patrick's day to all our irish followers !! enjoy . -
these hurricane sandy accounts are pointless the storm bouta be over dumb asses !
it's bad enough that a hurricane has a twitter account , but the fact that people follow it and retweet it . that's just criminal
look at this beaut , happy st . patrick's day
this is how we do st patricks day !! my little irish girl
omg what's happening in paris is so sad
gladly i wasnt able to go to paris
happy ! burn off those and calories with a bike ride !
well everyone girls got to grind oh and happy st patricks day catch ya later
just vote for obama and shut up .
paul mccartney and the band send a message of support for the us elections : via message to vote 4 potus obama
nepal earthquake threatens decades of progress : ngothe destruction caused by the nepal earthquake has put at risk d
: nepal : adb , kuwait fund for arab economic development sign agreement on community-ma
ebola frontline news : ebola technicians on strike for salary while religious leaders criticize government
bird flu news fao warns of fruit bat risk in west african ebola epidemic (crofsblogs) follow warren today
wait till howard stern farts ! he is for black obama joke
wtf my job must want mitt romney to win the election tomorrow . scheduling me 8 am doing an 8 hour shift smh . how do i suppose to go vote ?
bad , bad , bad . death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm
troubling - death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm -
[rappler] west african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads
w african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads | via news 24 top stories
| via | video : live stream of shady 2.0 showcase at sxsw
| video : live stream of shady 2.0 showcase at sxsw |
happy st patrick's day ! has the perfect dish to celebrate with :
happy st patricks day boys . have a craic
people keep saying that it don't sound right that they found syrian passports on the terrists that attacked paris , i think that they was
all of our thoughts here are with the people of paris
if you celebrate it , give us a sentence or two on what st patrick's day means to you .
celebrate st patrick's day by making this neat little appetizer ! from
okay hurricane sandy stuff is way too overused , but this one can slide .
perhaps hurricane sandy wil help prevent people from trying to rob the cars of ny giants players this week .
nfl players react to boston marathon explosions : nfl players reacted on twitter to the explosions
things won't always be the way they are now . praying for boston .
people of nepal , we are praying to ease your burden . be strong .
we r not immune 2 quakes in like th 7.8 today enhances ur safety , recovery
since obama won i feel like everybody should be off work today
it's for the best thoimagine how today would go if obama lost smh
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/5b3p5bb1bc
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yokjjttzul
1,000 europeans still missing after nepal earthquake : one thousand eu citizens are still unaccounted for in nepal , diplomats said fri
: 1,000 europeans still missing after nepal earthquake : one thousand eu citizens are still unaccounted fo
are utilities ready for hurricane sandy ?: hurricane katrina in the gulf of mexico near its peak category forbes
business news - are utilities ready for hurricane sandy ?: hurricane katrina in the gulf of mexico near its peak
[aa] liberia : eu delegation reacts to publication on ebola : [heritage]he european union (eu) delegation i
liberia : eu delegation reacts to publication on ebola : [heritage]he european union (eu) delegation in liberia
samaras doing a good impression of torres .
samaras worst striker since heskey
now who you wants to see win the ? :)
today germany plays against italy for a place in the final of the championship . who will win ?#football
breaking : french prosecutor says it seems like co-pilot willingly destroyed germanwings plane .
breaking : french prosecutors say the co-pilot of the crashed germanwings plane forced it to descend while the captain was out of the cockpit
go on england make us proud !
i guess i'll be rooting for england now ! i love england !
signing off for now . stay strong .
st . louis county police department confirm gunshot wound from tonight in
i'm indonesian support france the people in paris . :)
'change your profile picture to support france and the people of paris .'how about no
gordon strachan says england need their own style , rather than seeking spain's . i imagine it will involve queuing for hours .
this game has good attacking football in it v i still think will win 2.0
: aftershock of 6.7 magnitude hits nepal : usgs
breaking : quake aftershock of 6.7 magnitude hits nepal : usgs (via afp )
bisrael /b evacuating babies born to surrogate mothers in |
volcanes d . light mag . 4.8 earthquake - nepal on monday , 27 april 2015 :
sporting my green vulpix top for st . patrick's day !
our green color of choice for today w / happy st . patrick's day !
judging by the noise the neighbours are making i'm guessing england just scored !
first goal of the day off gerrard fk
but i'm seeing my bby tomorrow and hurricane sandy ain't stopping me
all stock markets exchanges are closed tomorrow for hurricane sandy . do i really need to bother with going to work ??
unbelievable pilot could hide medical unfit declaration for his company . spokesman said he was totally fit to fly ..
prosecutor says germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz had been declared unfit to work , but was hiding it from the airline -- in -32fr
activated for : feature - check in ; here's how : via ^ar
soon , very soon a bunch of organisations will come up with fund raising for nepal tragedy victims !! one humble
good monday morning on thetjms , with sandy knocking on our door , updates , weather , newd traffic , let's go !
. up early . back to work . sandy don't stop us .
it's the st . patrick's day that shook la !
i can't go out for st patricks day . smh
yesterday i prayed for a better future , one with president obama still as our president .
i hate you . you're perfect . obama is perfect . leeyum is perfect . you suck . i love you .
how much time did balotelli think he had then ?
ramos with the recovery takedown of balotelli ! dat's how we do it in spain town .
the day after sandy .: rssarma posted a photo :
is your church serving as a temporary shelter during ? we have some tips that may help :
reporting the soldier shot in has died
yes hun . we are fine . we don't live in ottawa . it's our capital city and where our gov't is housed . shooting there
and that's right across the street it's not only st . patrick's day downing st .
i think we should have off for st .patricks days
wondering why someone has marked them self as being safe during the nepal earthquake then seeing three statuses
why are people in england marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake at all
is new jersey being hit with the hurricane ?
my new sounds : jisk - coming like a hurricane 30.10 .2012 on
[(author unknown )] sandy is attacking nyc !
take action ! end government handouts to the fossil fuel industry ! via
music news : jack white at sxsw : rocks third man records show , inspires bill murray : filed under : concerts and to
our last show of sxsw is going down right now at beerland
happy st . patrick's day ! what you may or may not know about the holiday ,
happy st patrick day ! when i was younger i used to think this was for patrick off spongebob .
**governor chris christie requests pre-landfall emergency declaration for new jersey in anticipation of hurricane
man i'm in need of a hurricane buddy .
second half will be more interesting guys ! dun stop ur artistic attack italy and to nazis , never surrender and fight back !
switching venues for the second half of . feel free to join .
french prosecutor says suspected mastermind of paris attacks was killed in yesterday's raid
now understood the suspected mastermind of the paris attacks was killed in a police raid .
nook is all charged up . that means we're ready for hurricane . of course , stockpiling some food , water , batteries might be smart too .
circulation of is over 1500 miles across . tropical storm force winds extend outward over 400 miles from center .
this hurricane put me in a bad mood .
national hurricane ctr advisory - hurricane force winds over long island and nyc metro area :
ebola : arik suspends flights to liberia , sierra leone : arik air has said it would suspend fli comment
ebola : arik suspends flights to liberia , sierra leone
good luck to aaron ross today in the
i hope the e-trade baby doesn't disappoint today .
paris attacks : female suicide bomber liked to drink and party a lot -
my aim , my dream to go paris :')
happy st . patrick's day from all of us here at old europe !
have a very lucky st patrick's day everyone .
vigil honors california student slain in paris attacks : more than 1,000 people overflowed lying to irs ? toast !
vigil honors california student slain in paris attacks : more than 1,000 people overf
praying for y'all in this hurricane . i'm still shocked that it skipped nc this time !
praying for and all areas about to be affected by
obama one be president for the rest of ours lifes . watch what i tell you .
is it me or does cameron's congratulations tweet to obama seem a bit needy (ht
happy st patrick's day from cti
nothing like a good earthquake to get your morning rolling . oh and happy st . patrick's day !
just another mom : happy st . patrick's day !
you're very welcome :-) good luck with the leprechaun search and happy st . patrick's day to you as well !
lots of grounded yachts and submerged lexus ; so different from the caribbean huts .#sandy
the latest updates from across the universe :
preliminary exit poll : florida latinos more divided on obama than those nationally
you all us-citizens have a sleepless night
i have a dilemma ! wear maroon for maroon monday or wear green for st . patrick's day ?
happy st . patricks day ! don't get pinched . wear your green and please dont drink and drive have a
i have yet to see the st . patrick's day parade in chicago
st patricks day is actually monday .
to all our irish friends - we have painted the town green :-) happy st . patrick day !
it's the pushin ' of the green on my daffodil hill ! happy st . patrick's day !
jimpolk : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake .
eshuth 455 : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake .
: germany won the match by defeating netherlands with the score of 2 against 1 :)
game over , now playing - germany v netherlands on the dvr
no way david stern just called it hurricane katrina hahahhahaha
classic david stern calling hurricane sandy hurricane katrina
the general election is here in february . who do you think will come out on top ?
who calls a general election on twitter no respect for the current td's
breaking news update : shooting in ottawa at parliament hill :
shooting on parliament hill in ottawa | photos video
yep its st . patricks day , and nope im not waring green
st patrick's day and i forgot to wear green , guess i'll have to smoke some instead
public announcement : i'm quitting side hug and handshake wit al ma fellaz . hpe u understand da trending ebola situation with no hardfeelings
lets play twitter virus , ebolapass it on .
obama may be president but jesus is king . remember that .
obama can get tough . re-election is not a problem .
our thoughts and prayers are with those over in paris
what has happened in paris is horrible it's good to know that big youtube's and celebrity and musicians are taking notice
fyi happy st patricks day :)
is it appropriate to wish people happy st patrick's day ?
to all the familys that lost somebody in boston
god bless america . god bless boston
shepherd's pie on st . patrick's day
how i avoided getting pinched on st . patrick's day .
have a feeling england might win
15 mins till kick off . c'mon england . we've for the flag hanging out of the window !
oh shit its st . patricks day .. welp that sucks :/
the chazen companies wishes you a happy and safe st . patrick's day !
omaha 1 paris 4 5 seconds of summer 5 rutgers 6 isis 7 browns 8 rob ryan
i'm pretty certain that if /when paris-style attacks come to the usa , they will happen exclusively in gun-free zones .
praying for safety for those in the path of hurricane sandy ! watching ne weather and looks intense !
if this hurricane kills me ily all
1 . christmas 2 . st . patrick's day 3 . thanksgiving / 4 th of july .
how do we go out looking for st . patrick's day stuff , then all of a sudden we're in sephora . i can't win .
michael ballack doesn't really know how to speak english , and he's winning an argument against that dope too funny .
score prediction not that i've got one right yet 2 -1 germanyso looking good for holland based on that !#euro2012
a better live wiki : hackpad could be your sxsw backchannel : there are lots of apps for finding the right people
a better live wiki : hackpad could be your sxsw backchannel rt please
paris attacks : heartfelt condolences to the victim's families , may those injured recover . let the free world stand united against terror
new york beefs up security after paris attacks
reycover from your mental eelness some ghanaians are still recovering from hurricane ayariga and
she did tho ! i aint even realize it till jus now
my man don't even know what the is and he's tweeting about it .
new england patriots had a bomb ass song though
united's charity partner unicef launches nepal earthquake appeal : united's international charity partn
united's charity partner unicef launches nepal earthquake appeal (via
(#houston_0998) what motivated ottawa shooting rampage ?: authorities in canada are trying to u (#houston_0998)
the most pressing questions about the ottawa shooting : authorities in canada are trying to understand what motivated a gunman to kill
i did not even know today is st . patricks day .
i don't celebrate it so if you pinch me i'll black your eye . happy st . patricks day
gop agenda | if you liked the bush years , you'll love mitt romney's neocon war cabinet
just finished filling out my ballot . feels good to do it for a 2 nd time . i was 19 when i first voted for obama .
it's st patrick's day , so here is something green
i'm asking to be informed about the significance of st . patricks day .
new post : forex-dollar falls after obama victory , fiscal cliff looms - reuters
dollar falls after obama victory , fiscal cliff looms : london (reuters) - the dollar fell on
rt that trophy is gonna have an std by the end of this touching /kissing line .
elway won two in a row to end his career , brady hasn't won a big game in seven years , folks
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xrpfojq6ua
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/88jwo0xdej
someone on my facebook is going crazy cause people are sharing their political views etc after the paris attack
humaniser l'inhumain : architect , student , engineer and critic among identified paris attack victims
do you possess the luck of the irish ? enter our st . patrick's day facebook contest by 11 :59 p .m. est !
happy st . patricks day !! have a free dragon comic
kc families worried about loved ones in nepal after devastating quake
my prayers and thoughts go out to those who got affected by the earthquake in nepal .
what state are you going to get hit with sandy ?
stay safe , east coast fans ! whether you're waiting out hurricane sandy or waiting for dinner inspira
tips to keep your water safe : epa researchers assist utilities during extreme weather events like hurricane
when this hurricane coming cause i have big plans today ?
today is st . patricks day every year if no one in my house wears green i pinch them even my mommy ! (but not too hard lol )
happy st . patrick's day ! how early is too early to have an irish coffee ??
now romney is contesting ohio . are you effing kidding me . give it up . you lost !
everybody wear dey obama shirts tomorrow ! fuck dress code !
we all long for peace , but true peace apart from jesus christ is impossible .
juancfd 1398 why west must change isis strategy : the timing of the paris attacks was perhaps delibe juancfd 1398
you might find this of interest tropical storm irene vs . hurricane sandy .
hurricane sandy : frequently asked questions
why sandy ? i want to come back on sunday .
they are tracking hurricane sandy . oh gosh , here we go .b
maybe just maybe this hurricane will wipe out humanity ??
//i live on long island , hurricane sandy hitting ruins people's halloween's .
maybe sandy can give su a car wash
you almost got run over by hurricane fisherman trying to save his fishing pole !!
md paris attacks : cinemas in french capital to remain closed on sunday
trucking paris attacks : cinemas in french capital to remain closed on sunday
damn he gives good speech . i need a cigarette .
that was pretty damn rousing .. let's see some of that passion next year ,
appalled beyond words at the cruelty in paris .
paris rocked by explosions and shootouts leaving dozens dead - the washington post
hate it when the news says a famous singer is dead , but they will tell you after these msgs more about a hurricane hitting ny
nothing much . how about you ? prepared for the hurricane ?
a little jay-z at sxsw (live stream on youtube )
jay-z at sxsw and live on youtube !!
niall it's st patricks day
can we stop with the st .patricks day tweets .
it's not w /o a stop by here cactus w /
new at sxsw this year : haahaas (homeless as a hardware as a service )
israel destroys elwafa hospital staff evacuates all patients by allison deger
destroys elwafa as staff evacuates all patients
the old folks are turning way up here at city fire down in the villages for st . patrick's day !
great lesbian kisses : happy st . patrick's day . you're too drunk to get laid so escape into the world of fantasy .
prosecutors say co-pilot , alone at helm of germanwings plane , began descent manually - an 'intentional' act .
breaking : french prosecutor says it seems like co-pilot willingly destroyed germanwings plane .
a little thanks to happy st .patricks day !
happy st patrick day everyone ! hope you have a good one :)
abc us - liberians in us worry about ebola outbreak
in us worry about ebola outbreak (via
$100 for my car part it's not even gonna get fixed till idk when because of this stupid hurricane or w /e
and i out driving in a near hurricane . you have clearly lost it
why isn't anyone talking about or trying to help nepal why isn't that on the news ?!? thousands of people are dead ?!
my country nepal was hit by a severe earthquake . over 1000 people dead and our historic buildings
ronaldo is so bad for his country !
ronaldo ! how did you miss that !!
super mario , he gets my vote for player of alongside of course !
84 mins : balzaretti with a brilliant last ditch tackle to snuff out a reus chance .
next person i see on my tl refer to hurricane sandy as something that's gonna be really bad is getting blocked reported ! it's rain w /wind
fuck that hurricane i dont wanna stay home !
via french police corner paris suspects , who have a hostage : the two brothers suspected of killing 1
french police corner paris suspects , who have a hostage : the two brothers suspected of kill
fever !! local serves up fresh tasty tunes at brand new venue rattle inn - 7 :45pm!
check chevy's altruistic scsw work ::the most effective marketing i saw at sxsw
currently trending : odell beckham jr , dallas cowboys , green bay packers , sydney , on google search .
odell beckham jr dallas cowboys green bay packers sydney johnny manziel kobe bryant kourtney karda
starting my obama movement early tomorrow morning
obama is great right now . wow
and a happy st . patrick's day to you too - just trying to make me jealous as you know i am off it for lent .
happy st . patricks day the will be opening veru soon ! and we always wear green !!
i bought rain bootsready for the hurricane .
so should i thank hurricane sandy for that ? rofl
one audience member's experience at obama's election night party
the golden ticket : one audience member's experience at obama's election night party
the hurricane sandy tweets are getting out of control and annoying
hurricane sandy about to be crazy !!! damn
thoughts and prayers for all those innocent people .
awful news . prayers for the souls of those who have died those injured .
i don't even know what happened in paris
frank ocean shares thoughts on terrorist attacks in paris
praying for when we stand together we win ! in 2016 it's essential we elect leaders who promote peace !
terror arrest likely accelerated timetable for bombings : us lawmakers
justin save us from sandy !!
not directly that is a little upper-level disturbance wrapping around sandy
hope everyone had a fun st . patrick's day weekend !!
i hope everyone had a good st patricks day
i feel like a kid on christmas eve waiting to see what santa brings tomorrow morning !
i'm putting my money on : on election eve , president obama has a slim edge in polls
how have all these greeks afforded to get to poland ? sold their houses maybe ?
im watchin opening ceremony !! habeyss !!
what happens to romney's campaign plane now ?
he seems like more of a cucumber guy
mechanical fitter at ats synthetic limited lahore pakistan
chemical production manager at ats synthetic limited lahore pakistan
tragedy showcases how strong protection and increased security create new vulnerabilities . a lesson for .
would two-crew cockpit rule prevent another germanwings tragedy ?: among the many repercussions of the shocking
hrw : police :stop intimidating peaceful protests against killing of unarmed black man
breaking : nypd threatens mass arrests at solidarity rally (cont)
happy st . patricks day from ventureworx !
it's st . patricks day so why not get pizza ?
cool fact : tropical storm winds now extend 898 miles in diameter ! that's driving distance between and atlanta
going to rescue middle sis from college and save her from hurricane sandy !
the president was making a speech in cuba to talk about cuba , not brussels . projecting calm is best . bush did the same w / 9 /11
brussels attacks : cops hunt for 'man in hat '; isis warns of 'dark days '
happy st patricks day to you all , celebrate and enjoy yourselves like !
happy st patrick's day from this tall irish one ;)
news shows go on despite sandy
planet gore : sandy leads to surge in unscientific hurricane profiteers
happy st patricks day w / chip hoch : via
happy st . patrick's day ian . i love you .
patty o'pitty wishes a happy st . patrick's day to all !
happy st patricks day ! i do have a irish surname !!!
travel : photo of the day : hurricane sandy in red hook : filed under : activism , learning , photos , stories , north a
(#travel article ) photo of the day : hurricane sandy in red hook : filed under : activism , learning
wake up it's st . patricks day - earthquake
i didnt even know today was st patricks day lol
breaking ; several people have been killed and seven others injured in a shooting in central paris , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports .
watching : several people killed seven others injured following a shooting in paris late friday -cnn affiliate bfmtv
alicia keys ' black ball postponed due to sandy : beyonce was set to perform at
how to stay safe in the aftermath of hurricane sandy
allegations surfacing that mitt staged relief event in dayton , ohio
new yorkers actually thinking about investing in public infrastructure after hurricane ? unfathomable !
my thoughts go out the people who are being affected by the sandy storm .
this hurricane left numerous jamaican homes out of light and waterthings are just getting back to normal .
as the 16 -hour siege in concludes my thoughts and prayers are with the people of sydney :
v . long queues at florists , v . large /quiet crowds at martin place . and a still-sombre mood in sydney's cbd .
its st . patrick's day ? loll
a prayer of st patrick on this his feast day
gives cause for to annhialate now . has gone rogue . about to be confined to dustbin of history
i can't believe how disrespectful jb's fans are to say things like that when the people of paris are currently fighting for their lifes !
skyline marketing : startup america's scott case on the trends of sxsw 2012 (video)
business sales marketing : startup america's scott case on the trends of sxsw 2012 (video)
mitt romney gives a gracious speech in defeat !!
romney is so gracious in defeat . its american
11 nations to tackle ebola epidemic : the health ministers of 11 african nation
11 nations to tackle ebola epidemic : the health ministers of 11 african nations have agreed to a joint - cnni
maybe people should donate cups for the guys
protests : crackdown by local police or , as a last resort , by mainland chinese forces remains a
if your 18 or older your ass better wake up early tommrow go vote for obama . if your not planning on voting for then dont go (:
i can feel souls entombed in this oil ocean romney god sits upon . his face with numberless trunks . the pain in their cries
patrick beverly got bounce ! that man bosh took that l !
patrick beverly took bosh and birdman cornbread
if cyclone nilam has so much effect in chennai , what about a sandy in chennai ?? :-o chennai will be shutdown for 2 year
hurricane - new york shuts down . tesco bag on the central line - london shuts down !
i'm on mario-watch over on as italy take on croatia . good to see prandelli has kept faith in him in attack .
here we go italy vs croatia . who wins ?
parties and free stuff too . still haven't found an articulated position about what and why . oh well apparently it doesn't matter .
im an extra in this video getting crazy at girl folds her arms the wrong way
nst news : historic tower collapses in kathmandu after quake : kathmandu : a historic tower built in the 19 th cen
any reports on when kathmandu airport will be operational again ?
hong kong walking the talk on how to protest nowadays .
every foreign crew here gets applauded for covering hong kongs story
follow rt this if tonight's games produce 6 or more goals we'll give away a pair of f50 's to one lucky winner !
follow rt this if tonight's games produce 6 or more goals we'll give away a pair of f50 's
st . patrick's day is what christmas would be like if jesus had been killed by a car bomb .
happy st patrick's day !! we have everything you need to keep your lawn looking a fine shade of green
happy st patricks day to you too from n ireland
happy st patricks day my luvs and i'm off for my trip
whatever is happening right now with xenophobia and racism post-paris is definitely something isis wanted so congrats for helping isis
before paris : concert business hit before - in atlanta
go green inside and out for real treasure we don't need magic . happy st patrick's day tomorrow . keep it green !
it is horrendously cold i would skip st patrick's day parade if i were you .
gronk was really close to being famous for all of football history .
i know my brain thinks about work too much when i see throughout my feed & think what is in senate bill 46 ?
happy st . patrick's day from st . marys abbey !!
happy st patrick's day ! avenue pub
germanwings co-pilot likely voluntarily crashed a320 plane - prosecutor / sputnik international via
this world has become so sad .#germanwings
yes :) before 10 p after 10 p it's 21 and over . happy st . patrick's day !
yes happy st . patrick's day !!!! miss u guys !!!! cheers !
going a little green for st patricks day
oh wtf today's st patricks day ?
very nervous stuff ! come on england !
come on england we can win this
i'm from nepal im big fan of you
nepal landslide captured on camera - | swiss cloud server
sandy hook it up , i don't feel like going to class .
i dont even have flashlights for the hurricane .. :o
reports : at least two americans among those killed in brussels attacks (usa today )
us official says at least two americans killed in brussels blasts via
i just hope god will forgive us for the minimal if not zero contribution in stopping the spread of this ebola disease
'he could have brought ebola here ': minnesota widow on her husband
and on st . patrick's day of all days . (close enough )
so many st . patricks's day selfies
want to learn more about st . patrick's day ??
happy st patrick's day from tokyo four paws of palm beach !
brussels on high alert following serious threat of paris-style attack
brussels put on maximum alert on risk of paris-like attack via reuters
why are so many people marking themselves safe in the nepal earthquake so fucking disrespectful .
are people that live in yarmouth really marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake ? like no shit are you safe
do they celebrate st . patricks day in jamaica ????
happy st patricks day have fun and turn up
can't believe all this is happening again in paris . not good .
wonder if the murderers in paris practice the religion of peace ?
music apps gone wild : the sxsw recap [music]: after my panel at s
music apps gone wild : the sxsw recap [music]: after m
happy happy st . patricks day everyone !!!
happy st . patrick's day ! our third graders showcase their leprechaun traps !
happy st .patrick's day blog post is up
i'm irish today ! happy st . patrick's day !
i hope all those that in danger of hurricane sandy , be safe .
the fuck is a hurricane buddy ? bitches need to stop making shit up . you shouldnt need an excuse for a guy to cuddle with you either .
christendom is getting ready to deal with the effects of hurricane sandy . currently , it is lightly raining
50 million people expected to be effected sandy
hurricane ? in ny ? a little rain never hurt anybody . yeah , but a lot can kill you .
i heard cause of hurricane sandy
getting some designing done before the hurricane !
you know there's a hurricane when you go outside and see a hurricane
sandy is going to kick our butts !
wtf hurricane sandy is all down my tl ~_~
happy st . patrick's day ! valley , california )
a year ago we were together celebrating with green t-shirts and plenty of beer happy st . patrick's day my dear !!
nepal army : all 8 bodies found in crashed us marine chopper | epoch times
nepal army : all 8 bodies found in crashed us marine chopper via ~my codolences ; r .i.p.
i got my computer infront of me my laptop
everyone in my class is either on their computer or smartphone following
there's plenty of time before the big game for a quick manicure at oasis !
it's the kimchee bowl with and carol choi !
history in the making -- spain 2 italy 0 .
i think jinxed the italians when they said italy hadn't trailed yet in esp 2 -0 ita
rt all the usual sources calling for strangely silent #t
mt all the usual sources calling for strangely silent #t
once you go black , you never go back ! congratulations obama !
guys obama won yes he did
[cnn] rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . itn's da
rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a per
so who's about it and down to play soccer during the hurricane ?
i honestly cannot handle another hurricane i need my power
my thoughts and prayers are going out to everyone in ottawa .. this should not be happening .. just doesn't feel like canada is safe anymore .
what kind of cock sucker shoots someone of authority so easily ? burn in hell you piece of shit . hopefully everyone in ottawa is safe .
hurricane sandy disaster relief : our thoughts go out to those dealing with the aftermath of hur
hurricane sandy disaster relief : our thoughts go out to those dealing with the aftermath of hurricane sa
and the big day arrives ! italy vs germany ! after seeing spain genuinely think we got a decent chance of winning against germany !
italy v . germany can it be 2 :45 now !?!?!
damn david stern said hurricane katrina instead of sandy smh
david stern hurricane katrina ? really now
are you ready for st patrick's day tomorrow ? we are : black velvet cocktails no less .
tomorrow's st patrick's day so if you don't wear green , i'm definitely pinching you .
i want to see ronaldo score !
please god , don't let ronaldo score . anything else we can take . denmark . er . you have a problem .
happy st . patrick's day to all ! its green day :)
happy saint patrick's day ! we hope your day is lucky !
left : hurricane katrina right : hurricane patricia oh . my . god . i'll be praying for them
hurricane patricia is 15 miles wide . that's crazy .
hurry 2000 dead people need to vote !
so who won , the queen or the people ?
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/grcz6ajthh
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qhsqhs4kgu
new yorkers broke the climate silence in the face of an approaching hurricane today in times square ! epic photo :
the tv in my office is not working . can a communications person in the midst of a hurricane die from that ?
what the hell is wrong with the world right now , if you didn't know paris just got attacked and 18 people got shot
paris attack : early reports of a 4 th terror site with les halles shooting .
you're meter is wrong on the subject of romney and planned parenthood . says so in your explanation even . fix it !
vote for obama and get free doggy
marines from kansas , arizona were on nepal helicopter : families in kansas , arizona wait for word on people on marine helicopter that
marines from kansas , arizona were on nepal helicopter : families in kansas , arizona wait for
being in has been a great experience da ppl and connections i've made herei can't put in words met sum ppl dat r ready 2 change
if all your information comes from fox news but u blast every single msm outlet but fox , ur brainwashed
happy st . patrick's day ! live big ! live green !!!
happy st patrick's day !! is anyone out celebrating tonight ?
reuters top news 'spider in web ' mastermind of paris attacks killed in raid
rtrs : 'spider in web ' mastermind of paris attacks killed in raid
st patricks day : 1 hannah , anna and maggie : 0
and this all on st . patrick's day ! :o
how you can save a life tuesday : with several blood drives being called off due to super storm sandy , do
obama declares ny disaster ; death toll rises -
: v : the spanish side look as though they'd play a new formation : 4 - 6 - 0 .
spain genuinely playing a 4 -6-0 formation
tv shows 'nightly show ' staffers talk covering paris attacks , story behind larry wilmor
rn 'nightly show ' staffers talk covering paris attacks , story behind larry wilmore's anchor
just in : germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit during crash that killed 150 people , new report shows
pilot locked out of airbus cockpit before crash : report
hey look is pushing the trojan horse through the back door
also , as someone pointed out on twitter today , more people heard about beirut as a result of what happened in paris .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/av3p1neaca
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/osplreiufz
please take care everyone ! god bless you all .
grabe . typhoon hagupit triggered one of the world's biggest peacetime evacuations .
it appears the is over now both parties figure out away to work together and get something done !
c'mon mitt let's get that speech written ! my alarm goes off too early !
like im so out of it i forgot st . patrick's day existed .
happy st .patrick's day !!! civil war - saint patrick's day : via
this can be a cruel world thoughts are with everyone in paris
what had happened to paris this year is terrible
i'm part irish too happy st patrick's day ash .xx
happy st . patrick's day !!!! especially to all you wonderful irish people
why can't i have tomorrow off for st . patricks day ?
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at cei !
3 lds missionaries from injured in explosion
horrified by attacks in . my thoughts prayers w /victims their families . anyone looking for shelter /food can go 2
bbc news - paris attacks : president obama says 'us stands with france '
best coverage , in english , is tv24 .fr, with live coverage of the terrible night in paris .
so what happened to all the subway rats ? oh lord , there will be a new plague .
matt marello's subaru , after sandy floated it down avenue c . looks like the forest floor dotted with electronics .
lady tecniq news survivor : stranger's body protected me - two survivors from the paris terror attack at the bat
maggie recommends : survivor : stranger's body protected me - two survivors from the paris terror attack at the b
second term ! all hail mr . obama !
i hate obama so much i want to hunt u down i just got home from weeding and saw romney lost he had a health care plane cut down on taxes
went from hurricane sandy to superstorm sandy . insane !
heritage - could hurricane sandy affect the 2012 election ?: the unusual question was asked to white house press
are playing day stage now ! listen live
fun find : 33 horrendous-sounding (and hilarious ) panels
a lone gunman kept terrified staff and customers captive into monday night in a downtown sydney cafe , brandishing an islamic flag , as fiv
i was meant to go to sydney tomorrow
obama is just too much of a beast !
well done mr president ! obama election speech : president makes 2012 victory address via
nigeria isolates hospital in lagos as obama briefed on ebola outbreak : lagos (reuters) - the nigerian ci
: nigeria isolates hospital in lagos as obama briefed on ebola outbreak : lagos (reuters via
portugal germany on right now ..brace yourself !
germany v . portugal game will start soon ! got my jacket on and ready to see germany kick ass !!!
if sushma swaraj can go to nepal for rescue operations , why bihar cm does not learn from central leadership go to affected areas of bihar .
still has not learned that earthquakes are not related to weather .
sandy just wants to home to texas !!
sandy is now tied for the second largest tropical cyclone since 1988 !
new article on darkpolitricks : ottawa footage : shots inside canadian caught on camera
check out this ottawa footage shots inside canadian caught on camera
2 down , 1 to go - r police official : suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed .
reporting police official in france saying suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed .
really wish i could retweet john oliver's rant towards the paris attackers
episode postponed in wake of paris attacks
thoughts and prayers go out to all the people of nepal .
: mukherjee speaks to nepal prez , assures fullest cooperation : mukherjee spoke over telephone
thanks , found a radio station to listen to
fixed referee ? i think so
uhm guys obama alreay won why are you still arguing about it
yall would be hurt af if obama came on tv and was like my niqqas i was fuxkin wit yall dhat weak niqqa romney won we back to the motherland
light-hearted yet deep st . patrick's day lesson
parade route for tomorrow's st . patrick's day parade
[the age world ] paris attacks : bataclan assailant named as ismail omar mostefai : ismail omar mostefai has been
who was omar mostefai , the man identified as one of the paris attackers ?
good start to joke : jack white and adam duritz walk into a bar except it's real . in austin .
one of the no band members looks very much like a young
how to dutch wishes you a happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! anybody have any fun plans for today ?
us ebola doctor 'terrified' of disease you fight off the infection and get to hold your children good
what is ebola and why worried about it ?
how can this control be missed by van persie ! he can do a lot better
van persie springs the offside trap through a brilliantly time sneijder pass , but cannot finish with his right boot
another year , another st . patricks day where i've done nothing .
how to celebrate st . patrick's day when you're under 21 .
via video : hijabed muslima rips apart , hides israeli flag at brussels memorial site
video : hijabed muslima rips apart , hides israeli flag at brussels memorial site :
shooting on parliament hill and fire drill at the same time . not sure being outside is the safest thing right now .
police sending everyone across street from parliament hill . yelling at everyone to get away
my thoughts and prayers are with everyone effected by the attacks in paris . everyone across the globe please stay safe
prayers for everyone in paris . remember to stay inside because the world is not safe anymore
i wish for the peace to all of the people of brussels .
i really feel bad about the attacks on brussels but what is more annoying is when disaster happens the most helpless thing people do is pray
gonna miss denmarkvs . netherlandsand germanyvs .portugal :'(i'm gonna be checking updates on my euro app tho :p
can you rt please stan , trying to find out if anyone knows what the drive is like from poznan to berlin ? thanks
so many ppl running to get home for the football . quite amusing esp as it will be a dull game
this is some best football have played for years
those affected by sandy can apply for federal disaster assistance at or call
our hearts go out to all those affected by sandy ! love and light in this time of turmoil
*accidentally wears green on st patricks day *
i accidentally wore green today and now people at work think i care that it's st . patrick's day .
andreas lubitz , germanwings co-pilot , showed no warning signs before crash , airline says : the co-pilot a
andreas lubitz , germanwings co-pilot , showed no warning signs before cr
i wonder who dyes mitt romneys hair
i cannot believe a girl i know just voted for mitt romney . does she have to hand her vagina in with her ballot ? what an absolute moron .
niggaz was scared tho lol gotta get our .shit together obama only got 4 yrs left
i want to see what this nigga obama gotta say , but i gotta take a shit
black grassroots activists protest obama fundraiser , city hall , abc news chicago must watchhistoric ! via
i respect people who say they're gonna vote for romney , so i expect the same respect when i say i'm gonna vote for obama .
am i the only one not afraid of hurricane sandy ? fuck bread n water , there better be slip n slides at the store
i've never liked the name sandy .
congrats to maine maryland for passing initiatives to legalize same-sex marriage yesterday ! we are
florida still counting . a true reflection of the state school system . math is one of the worst in the nation .
i had two wishes on my birthday . for obama to win the election , and for someone to give me a new range rover . the day is not over .
congratz obama ! he still be the us president ! :d
oh so no terrorists ? only paris getting attacked ?
really puts everything into perspective when something like this happens . my heart goes out to those in paris .
this hurricane better be good since everyones freaking out
supposed to fly in wednesday night but we're also supposed to get strong winds and rain from hurricane sandy :-(
this is right . when the yazidis were being slaughtered , i saw plenty of articles but the public didn't care
mlk's words to remember in the face of senseless violence and hatred
stephan chew andbarack obama barack barack obama !
if romney win 2 mrw im gone pack my shit in my dorm room i'll be back home wednesday .
dear romney supporters packing their bags for canada : your choices are alberta , and alberta .
congratulations president obama on your 2 nd term !
fuck nooo why everybody gotta know what my mom called me ???
hanging out by the fireplace at the mohawk before laptop battle gets started
hmmi wonder who's already organising the hurricane sandy charridy xmas single ?
that would be horrible . to a little kid , halloween is huge . damn you sandy !
i'm already drunk on my first st patrick's day
thoughts on st . patrick's day themed sports gear ? upvote acceptable on 3 /17. downvote never acceptable . discuss in
have a good day everyone and happy st . patrick's day
i'm kind of irish but what is st . patricks day
share your good news . are you or someone you know contributing to sandy relief efforts ? we want to know :
bey-buzz : beyonce jay-z get blacked out turnt up after hurricane sandy !
james gaffney from the green party up first . 'arts and culture must be valued '
great work behind the lens by the never still
sammy it's awful . your apartment two streets away from bataclan - god . glad you're back in zurich .can't think how you're feeling .
even after paris : obama administration still planning to accept syrian refugees (video) via
at the store nd sandy tryna come back
morning athletes - how is everyone this morning - sending our thoughts are with anyone affected by hurricane .
same ! i might actually cry if romney gets elected
if mitt romney gets into power he's going to be george bush version 2.0
just came to the realization that's it's hurricane sandy and not sally -__- haha . wow
be careful of price gouging by uber ! they are charging customers double the price post sandy !
happy st . patricks day !!! number of roving celebrations witnessed on the a .m. commute : 2 . number of leprechauns accosted : 0 .
happy st . patrick's day ! are you wearin ' your green ?#stpatricksday
turns out there's gonna be a category 2 hurricane in new jersey next week .
so this storm looks like it's gonna still be a hurricane when it reached the north-east so that's gonna be fun
: hurricane sandy put a a damper on operations this week , but should be back up and running as the weat
if we lived together we could go face hurricane sandy together .. it's not too late for me to move in all my things
hostage situation not affecting airline flights
hello , i'm sydney , the girl who is afraid of the real life pinocchio .
tagg'd mediashift . photos : location , highlight , cyborgs top sxsw 2012 's buzz list | pbs
2012 is over . all sxsw 2012 badges are now retired .
if obama wins again this year imma do what i did last time turned tv off acted like i didn't know who won the next day ..
if romney win it might be a riot somewhere
stay safe today and keep breathing
are you in the sandy area ? stay safe !
nigeria : suspected ebola patient dies in lagos : [premium times ]abuja -the man identified as patrick sa
[allafrica] nigeria : suspected ebola patient dies in lagos : [premium times ]abuja -the man identified as patric
major upset for the dutch tonight , their next two games against germany portugal are a must win now .
there's the first shock ! the dutch looked pretty ordinary actually . rvp ineffectual .
happy st . patricks day !!! the show will go on ! live irish music , green beer , corned beef and cabbage , shepherds pie fish and chips !
i just realized today was st patricks day and i'm kinda wearing all black
damn romney investing in companies that dispose of aborted fetuses . not very (#obama2012)
found out my 4 year old daughter voted obama at their mock election . i guess having her unemployed daddy home all the time would be a plus .
really hope some more folks get their back on across the eastern seaboard today .
the northeast coast is missing out on all these badass commercials .
is it bad luck to run over a leprechaun on st . patrick's day ?
it should be a law that every baby has to be dressed as a leprechaun for st . patrick's day .
west africa : experts - stronger response needed to ebola crisis : [voa]the world health organization says there
west africa : experts - stronger response needed to ebola crisis : [voa]the world he
ahhhhhh will they reschedule the gay halloween bash because of sandy ?(greenwich village )
ok this is definitely a first for me a hurricane and blizzard all at once ? wtf ?ironic the mayan calendar ends this year huh ?!
local runners said to be gathering tonight at washington square starbucks in n . canton for jog in support of sport , boston .
today's front pages on boston's explosion :
today at the salt mines we'll all be playing phoenix in honor of st .patrick's day . 7 pm pacific
i love it when things go suddenly quiet . happy st . patricks day be safe .
i wonder which candidate is going to win the battleground territory of ontario .
make sure you get out and vote ! lets make a difference !#election2012
much love to every homie in boston . much love to victims .
8 -year-old boston marathon bombing victim remembered :
every unbelievable sandy photo and video i could find .
nyc sandy updates : coney island hospital reported to be on fire ; nyu hospital evac in progress ; building collapse video
fantastic day for dpk . happy st patricks day y'all
happy st . patrick's day from lennar california coastal ! may the be with you ! ;)
horrified by the news today out of ottawa . my thoughts and prayers are with the fallen soldier , his family , and the people of canada .
never thought i'd see a horrible attack like this on canadian soil !! !! thoughts and prayers are with you !!
if obama wins im gonna go jump off a cliff .
its been predicted that obama will jump out to an early lead , that is until the republicans get off work .
means my very strong side eye goes to folks who stand in the way of our survival . no ideals . just reality .
: as protests wind down , residents ask for lasting change
loving this baby guinness shot ( no beer !) from my dear friend cheri at the watering mouth !!! happy st patricks day !
yummy st . patrick's day libations .
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at highland park at northlake !
shopping all day happy st . patricks day 2 me
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hb7aanpato
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ppivdaplwp
first time i ever watched the with . should be interesting
glad to hear it's the year of the tight end
this should be far bigger news than sydney siege . 100 + kids slaughtered
in the aftermath of the sydney siege we need to fight ignorance
hurricane sandy should turn around bih
if sandy is nice , please destroy schools but keep wifi
do you have any st patrick's day traditions or how did you celebrate st patrick's day this year ?
no not again , why can't patrick and nolan just be together . it would solve everything :)
were people actually that scared of the hurricane :/
with hurricane sandy , were d mayans rite ? *ghen ghen *
random political talks with daniel are hilarious
how many tweets do we need about how many tweets there have been ? we get it , it's lots o'tweets
if you are looking for other ways to help with the hurricane sandy relief effort , check out this article :
people will prefer sandy over sunanda anyday . is that too a sexist remark ?
i added a video to a playlist nepal dangerous help .
i added a video to a playlist omg 17 death mt everest (mountain)2270+ all nepal .earthquake in nepal
by ugly west brit to tell it strait
the land of a hundred thousand welcomes needs a change of heart !
happy st . patrick's day ! hope everyone has their green on today !
happy st patrick's day to our staff member , matthew from n .ireland. we hope you are having a good day !below is
i can't call this one so let the best team win .
portugal won . now i just need dutch to do the same . go oranje !
see ?! it's time to sta //t.co/ujgmm0xp
(kyle) watches and warning in effect for hurricane warning is in effect for * the ragged islands in
people needa stfu bout election obama won aint shit you can do !!!
any one else with a brain knows you cant fix 8 years of damage in 4 and that romney was the next bush your arguing with a 17
st patricks day is the valentine's day of booze . i love you booze
i've seen way too much green today , it's not even st . patricks day yet , and you're not irish , even your shirt says so .
i just cannot express in words what i feel . . we really need to stop hurting ourselves .
kathrine switzer : if you are losing faith in human nature , go out and watch a marathon / the boston marathon
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises see all
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises vi
hurricane sandy hasn't even hit yet and it already got a twitter page .
praying for all those in the path of hurricane sandy . take care of each other and be safe !
a look back at the shooting which took place in paris , france early this year :
over 140 killed as paris rocked by coordinated shootings , explosions (video)
you know what , come on england , you can do it !!!!!!!!!!!
always the excitement that a booking for either france or england could instigate a third hundred years war .
hats off to for creating a person finder for the explosions -
watching this on tv makes me realize just how precious life is we live you boston !!
and yesterday won the best player in la liga award *sigh*
i may of jumped the gun with but it's looking very likely !
voices heard on recorder from cockpit of germanwings plane crash : air accident investigators ext
wolverhampton father killed in germanwings plane crash via - heartbreaking , my sincere condolences .
the future of journalism is not the issue , its the disraction : seeing philanthropy is not the future of journalism .
20 bands to see over sxsw . have only seen gary clark jr . if others are that phenomenal it'll be a good good time .
campaigns adjust as hurricane closes in on east coast
if hurricane sandy is anything like my aunt sandy , we will all get free haircuts and some grade-a cheesecake
if happened the way the cops say it did , they wouldn't be workin nearly so hard to hide the evidence .
so msm not enough drama tonight in ? how many hours till ya'll pack up ?
i think they should give us a week off for st . patrick's day
st patrick's day is officially on . crowfoot
(uiy) political storm : how will sandy impact election ?: two big stories collided this week , hurricane sandy and
after super storm sandy , no hot showers but also no crime
be honest no voters have been now right vicious . from media to twitter and every place in between .
first time voting !! and i think i made the right decision for me
waves for water nepal initiative update ::our office and nearby points in godavari will be the base for this
india's response was like extending blank cheque : nepal | us praises india's role : new delhi : ne
soo proud of the protesters for staying diligent and showing they are not going to stop until justice is served . 11 days strong
when will we just fess up to the fact that the police lie to us all the time .
it was fake hurricane sandy . not the mention the one with the sharks swimming in streets ominous clouds .
tonight's post-sandy lightning turned the night into day in the back bay . (pics taken by
video : sydney hostage sends 'i'm ok ' text : the mother of one of the hostages trapped inside a c
video : sydney hostage sends 'i'm ok ' text : the mother of one of the hostages trapped i
sxsw : cheezburger's ben huh ramps up the lols : founder ben huh is providing the public with a robust |forbes
sxsw 2013 : attending is easy . being present will take more work . via
happy st patricks day . make sure to check out for those who went green for !
happy st . patricks day from this ucla bruin !
life's good , obama is still president !
dear michelle obama , please run for president in 2016 ?!?!
will you marry me niall ? ,remember is san patrick day !!
sunday funday at limericks , $4 jamo and fireball $8 pitchers and so much more for st . patricks day so come down and enjoy the party !!!
saint patrick's day and all i'm drinking is tea . at least it's green tea . hate being sick
happy st . patrick's day , kira !
why dennis crowley loves the nike + fuelband : we went to check out the nike event at sxsw . there is so much stuf
why dennis crowley loves the nike + fuelband : we went to check out the nike event at sxsw . there is so much
seattle teens missing after quake presumed dead , families say
seattle teens missing after nepal quake presumed dead , families say : seattle (reuters) - the f via
another 4 years under obama the dictator !
omfg ! wait till bbc and msnbc find this shit out , obama who !! buried bitch !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wmhzu3dolv
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/trgrcchntl
happy st patrick's day aswell x are you wearing green today ?
happy st patrick's day !!! for the day that's in it !
i'm thinking i'd rather face the occasional tornado at this point .
jvp hopes loella cottage , the 138 year old house in beach haven , nj fares well during sandy's onslaught this
i don't really understand what's happening here ..
i don't think i will ever understand football .
horrifying what's happened in brussels . sending my love to everyone .
crazy to think that this time last year i was driving through brussels to get to amsterdam . praying for all the families involved
i'm like really irish we don't do shit for st patricks day
confession : i don't 'get' st patrick's day .
good morning west coast followers start soon , watch em kick it while you rip it
it must suck to play the hosting your first match .
proud irish even not on st patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day ! i'll be (trying) to keep it together on here today !
happy st patricks day !! when will we see you in ireland ??
happy st . patricks day douche bags brandonfabiano
happy st . patrick's day !!!! :d :d :d
happy st patrick's day to all our irish residents !
releases statement , following terror attacks :
prayers for brussels and all of belgium as well as everyone involved . no country ot person should have to worry about an attack at home .
lindt chocolat cafe hostage drama in martin place , sydney - live update via
think of all those in sydney right now !!
if st . patricks day is a holiday then why am i at school
wish st patricks day would be over already .
superstorm sandy kills 40, millions without power : the misery of super #8
join the bnp here : superstorm sandy kills 40, millions without power : the misery of superstor
it's angers me that people aren't taking this seriously . paris was only the beginning
residents pays hommage to the victims of paris attacks via
alert : news special report : tactical units storm sydney cafe - live on tv and
:(( rtcnnbrk : 2 dead , 3 in serious condition after the , australia's abc reports
latest from wired | black box shows one pilot was locked out of the germanwings cockpit before crash
one of the pilot on germanwings was locked outof the cockpit when plane crashed !!!
lol people who tweet at others telling them they have to tweet about the paris tragedy
we all should be standing with paris during this tragedy .
atlantic hurricane sandy intermediate advisory number 16 a via
possible : worst storm in 100 years could hit northeast u .s.: from bloomberg :hurricane sandy - eco pol journal
i may be on today but i might not hurricane sandy will be hitting my area pretty hard so sorry if i am not heree
why hurricane sandy twitter dickeating
, is faced with serious economic and global issues that require decisive policy action as said .
congratulations to president obama ! romney's america is something i never want to see .
oan happy st . patrick's day ..
this day has no significance at all , except happy st . patrick's day dude
lmaooo st . patrick's day in chicago
oh god . it's warm out on st . patrick's day weekend . the crazies will be out in full force tonight . hide yo kids . hide yo wives .
reuters : at least 4 hostages killed in paris supermarket .
reuters reporting that 4 hostages in eastern paris have died .
thousands attend vigil for paris terror attack victims
for those trying to make sense of rhetoric , blasphemy and secularism here's a
putting beautiful homes on the shore , heartbroken that they are destroyed . like bugs building nests on a highway . nature don't care !
absolutely he will be . i don't think there's anyway sandy will allow him not to be . thanks for reading , i'm glad you like it !
bad luck on st . patricks day lmao
st patricks day . fun at all 4 mcladdens locations .
explosion at metro station close to eu institutions : belgian broadcaster rtbf
explosion in brussels at metro station close to eu buildings says belgian broadaster
[aa] gambia : 'all suspected ebola cases proved negative at test ': [daily observer ]all suspected ebola cas
[allafrica] gambia : 'all suspected ebola cases proved negative at test ': [daily observer ]all suspected ebola c
livescience : 4 things you need to know about hurricane sandy
dear hurricane sandy : please keep all disney cm's family n friends safe and disney fans , but u can sweep the cast o jerseyshore out to sea
i got and albums to get me through this sandy
due to hurricane sandy , the gnp offices are now closed and will reopen on wednesday , october 31 st at 8 :00 am .
thank you , hurricane sandy : a full week off from class
due to hurricane sandy we wil be closing today at 5 pm and all day monday . please be safe ! stay tuned to when we will r
spain's king felipe has sent his 'deepest condolences for the victims ' of the brussels attacks . sends the 'support of the spanish people '
my thoughts and prayers go to brussels , belgium
may those ppl that passed away rip
u guys are amazing and i know those people in paris love that u care enjoy your day guys
i liked a video from breaking news ottawa gunman at parliament hill
breaking news ottawa gunman at parliament hill : via
egyptair : hijacked plane lands at cyprus airport : the egyptair plane was hijacked while flying from (usatoday)
[ut world ] egyptair : hijacked plane lands at cyprus airport : the egyptair plane was hijacked while flying from
happy st patrick's day ! what are you up to today ?
happy st .patricks day to my fav irish man !!!
we need you here to sing the national anthem
who's torturing us with the national anthem this year ?
in downtown stillwater today the white trash level was at an all time high for st patricks day
cant believe i have 2 midterms tomorrow and its freakin st . patricks day
obama or romney ? palace plays it safe via
[inquirerph] obama or romney ? palace plays it safe
its just a hurricane not the end of the world
i wanna watch the freaking game i don't care about sandy !!!!!!
say i wont go for a run in this hurricane .
even if you dont think hurricane sandy will be serious , dont be the dickhead that's completely unprepared for it
if u wear 3 d glasses , kg grease comes out your tv like hurricane sandy
please be aware that some orders in the northeast from va to ny are going to be delayed due to hurricane sandy .
all greened out ! happy st . patrick's day to all !
thanks for the rt . lovely sentiment on st .patricks day .
this hurricane better live up to the hype , get my classes cancelled
i give up i'm gonna give the rest of the clean up of toilet paper to hurricane sandy
good bless mason wells brussels survivor
another video from brussels airport
keeping the st patrick's day tradition going .
oh , and for those who know . besides st . patrick's day , happy one year to myself . a good year overall .
the only reason i know it's st . patrick's day is because of everyone's facebook posts .
yeah ! st . patricks day !!! just what everyone needs , an excuse to drink shit balls .
naaaaa .i still prefer rugby instead of american football lol this shit boring
cruuuuuuuuuuz !!!!! viva puerto ricoooooooooo !!!! victor cruz orgullo boricuaaaaaaaaaa !!!!
great bets to be had on spain v italy . back spain 1 -0 fernando torres to score 1 st .
spain to win by one goal and ireland game under 2.5 goals . that's my footy bet for today .
uh . blue sky in londonderry ? wow . , you're so yesterday .
sandy update : we dodged the bullet here , no worse than a normal storm . we had worse storms last week . thanks for all the thoughts prayers !
gizmodo - shamrock science will help you get lucky on st . patrick's day : finding a four-leaf clover is suppos
shamrock science will help you get lucky on st . patrick's day : finding a four-leaf clover
i just keeping thinking imagine if obama doesn't win tomorrow . the state . the state a lot of people would be in . i'd be unresponsive .
obama vs romney one on one . he should have asked that question .
if hurricane sandy hit south africa , the first thing the government would do is pay r6 million to change the name to hellen zille .
sex outside in the blackout , during hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day all . here's to the most inclusive interpretation of what it means to be irish .
happy st patrick's day ! celebrating with green tea ! :)
with hurricane sandy approaching , i will make this a writing weekend , which hopefully will extend into the work week . i have a lot to do .
what's new ? amid dire forecast , sandy a hurricane again - abc news
goalllllllllllll di natale ..italy lead spain 0 -1 italy .
italy just scored the first goal in the second half .come on spain lets get this !!!!
our official showcase is wednesday , march 14 cantina 11 pm --- joining
ain't it cool - annette kellerman's day 1 of sxsw 2012 : broken lizard's the babymakers & girl walk //all day
excited to return to ireland . this pic is from '09. join us for a gig w / tonight in dublin .
st . patrick's day celebrations in pittsburgh yesterday were mind-blowing . the only event back home that's half as festive is christmas .
u .s. tightens security as boston bombing confirmed terrorist attack via
boston is in my heart and prays after today's attack .
if does come and i only lose power for a day or 2 at least it's better than last years when we lost it for 7
only bahamians is party through hurricane !
awkward moment : remembering that you publicly vowed to cut disaster relief funding--then sandy hits just days before the election .
feeling so much betterstill have power and sandy seems to have left the area . woohoo !
first watch is the shit ! yea buddy !!
obama won bitch fuck mitt romney pussy ass .cause my president is black k
sdds show sandy e junior ):
let me get out and enjoy the day . back to work tomorrow and the rain starts at night . sandy's ass will be hitting monday and idk about work
gary rothfeld the changing culture of sxsw interactive : if 2011 was the year that south by southwest interactive gr gary rothfeld cnn
dtn usa : the changing culture of sxsw interactive : if 2011 was the year that south by southwest interactive grew
amex sync show presenting jay z live from sxsw trailer : via 8 pm !!! jay is 1 of the best live performers , peep
wowwwww there's a film showing about uncle luke . yes . thattttt uncle luke rofl
(2/2) it took 44 days for george zimmerman to be arrested charged with the murder of and he was a mere vigilante
y'all wanna talk about too much gov't spending on ebt and healthcare , let's talk about these tanks careening through the streets
prayer goes out to all those affected by hurricane sandy :/ especially my family :(
hurricane names should indicate threat level . ignore hurricane paul , save your panic for hurricane zolorg , soulcrusher of the damned
{lindaikeji} update on the ebola virus case in lagos : briefing newsmen today , special adviser to the lagos sta
update on the ebola virus case in lagos : briefing newsmen today , special adviser to the lagos state m .o.b
things to do at : [ ] find a programmer [x] network [x] make a new yorker blush
automatic does trial period with prospective employees to see if virtual wok environment is good fit .
kicking off social health startup bootcamp with and at hilton salon a (4th flr )
i think ballroom d looked like it was getting busy . i'm in ballroom b with
obama best pull his finger out now ! vital times big boy
deaaaadddd tearssss boiee this ain't presidential !! oh . i'm buried . tuck it son ! tuck it
ppl swear they got at least a lil bit of irish in them whenever saint patrick's day roll around
guess where the world's first st . patrick's day parade was held ? nyc in 1762 .
happy st patricks's day !how are you celebrating ?model 444
words to live by . =) happy st . patrick's day , everybody !!!
suits and white gym shoes carries on into late fall
6 . isis 7 . paris 8 . b .a.p9. tanjong beach club 10 . pcas 2015 /11/17 16 :35 sgt
halftime . polandia 0 vs 1 rusia .
i really hope german beats holland to help portugal's chance to advance
i was planning to come to nyc on monday . you think i still should ?
hurricane images : don't get fooled by a photo via
never in my life have i experienced rain like that ! france vs ukraine match suspended !!!
this is crazy witnessing the scenes in ukraine . never remember a game getting suspended in a major tournament before
well you havent talked about romney ;p
idk .. just turned it on . apparently espn showed interviews of obama and romney and encouraged us to vote .. lol
hey peeps , who's got the best site to watch returns ?
come on - can you still make a difference in nebraska ? get on the phone (or private jet )
morning guys and girls have a safe and happy st ,patricks day .
morning guys . happy st patrick's day . lovin the westlife tunes xx
have a fantastical st patrick's day !!! xxx
lol it's st . patricks day now
g + fear and rumors hinder containment of ebola outbreak - it sounds like the perfect script for a horror
fear and rumors hinder containment of ebola outbreak please retweet !
it's officially st . patrick's day the chicago river is green
st .patricks parade past off without incident in ballymena
any stories about tibetan girls whose lives changed when the or struck
video fresh nepal earthquake kills dozens triggers panic : a fresh 7.3 -magnitude earthquake hits nepal , killing
reuters | nigeria isolates lagos hospital where ebola victim died : lagos (reuters) - the nigerian
world - nigeria isolates lagos hospital where ebola victim died
march 17, happy st . patricks ' day . bingcrosby .
happy st . patrick's day guys ! go team irish !!!!
did david stein just say hurricane katrina victims ??? i thought it was the name of the hurricane was sandy . i'm just saying
i david stern talking bout hurricane katrina did he mean sandy
this is one of the most well-written pieces of journalism in light of today's tragedy in boston . thank you
praying for boston . my heart is with you .
happy st .patrick's day . //t.co/pzkg5a0mgt
st . patricks day = amateur hour
obama can give a good speech lol yes he can
obama always got jokes . he's a trill dude .
these terror events occurring n paris rite now r terrible
obama stated isis is 'contained'that should scare us as much as the events in paris .
thanks to germany i made my first winnings on .com
so proud of germanny ! they're gonna win this
enjoy this sxsw texas style the right way bbq
sxsw tales : the art of heavy metal
if you're lucky enough to be irish you're lucky enough !!! happy st . patricks day !!!!!
happy st patrick's day !!! taken at
people are sharing this message in the wake of the lahore blast
interesting , no pakistan flags on facebook , prominent buildings or many mentions of lahore . but they don't matter as much
one of the pilots was locked out of the cockpit of the germanwings airbus a320 before it crashed on tuesday ,
ny times reporting one of the germanwings pilots was locked out of the cockpit before the crash
bbc news - paris attacks : three britons discharged from hospital
most of the reports coming out in the news now about the paris attacks are the results of anonymous .
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prim
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's pri via
thanks for asking . cyril is hidden between patrick and joseph . we could have a great three day celebration .
the day after st patricks day should be a holiday
but it still bothers me why is ruby's international name hagupit is this a joke or
update : hotline numbers and hashtags to remember in connection with the typhoon ruby (hagupit)
danica patrick is the worst driver i have ever seen ! why do they let her race .
danica patrick is by far the worst driver i have ever seen
now we wait . still counting going on in florida and virginia .
democrats couldn't function without republicans . we should quit our jobs and collect unemployment and see how they li
nepal earthquake appeal - emergencies - christian aid
: when life comes crashing down
paris - police : explosion in a bar near paris stadium , unclear if any hurt . copyright 2015 .
police : explosion in a bar near paris stadium , unclear if any hurt , reports .
happy saint patricks day from soggy south ga ..rain, rain and more rain ..
pinch me , i dare you . :) happy st . patrick's day !
hope everyone's okay from the hurricane (: halloween tomorroowww .
hey , a day ago you were begging for sandy to hit you . so shut up .
tomorrow is party day at the academy of mckay's mill ! class st . patrick's day parties begin at 3 :30! we hope to see you !
potato scones for st . patrick ;s day by noshing with the nolands via
happy st . patrick's day ! do you have any fun traditions you do every year to celebrate ?
happy st patrick's day to all you crazy kids :d
12 household items to help you prep for hurricane sandy : put toge
12 household items to help you prep for hurricane sandy (via
just wait 2 years obama lovers , then tell me if you still love him ;)
we are back in the hole because of obama
there is now official confirmation from the ottawa police of shootings at the national war memorial and inside
thoughts going out to everyone in ottawa today
how about this : peaceful protesters go home until morning . riot police , go home . that way , cops can arrest the instigators .
there are three branches of government . using them to your advantage will keep you from getting tear gassed on poor streets
o'lord com and protect me nd my family nd friends in dis saturation of ebola virus
what chance do we have against ebola if we can't even stop the epidemic of striped shirts with plaid shorts ?
to those who were focus on watch this ,note that her father was also a victim of inhumanity acts
latest : france calls for aid from the eu to fight daesh as john kerry flies into paris
horrible news about the earthquake in nepal . r .i.p
update : powerful earthquake strikes nepal , killing at least 718 people across 4 countries
happy st patricks day from the hoff's !!
saw a pony at the st . patrick's day parade .
i liked a video surviving hurricane sandy
grazie - proroghe usa : irs gives additional time (7 gg , ndr ) to taxpayers affected by hurricane sandy -
confused about the ? watch this video !the truth about life in gaza in 3 minutes .
where's humanity ?!!don't u see israeli crimes ??#gazaunderattack
breaking : police : at least 26 dead in violence around paris , hostage-taking in theatre . - ap
breaking : police : at least 26 dead in violence around paris , hostage-taking in theater . (via
happy st patrick's day from our little irish boy aidan . it's the only green thing i had to work with
happy st .patricks day :)i've had my green beer !!
thank you hurricane sandy !! no school 2 mrw !!!!
hey tiff if u die in the hurricane can i have ur margiela wallets ?
still is confirming its a320 plane crash in france , french pm has confirmed the crash .
very sad news about the germanwings plane crash
four more year ,, thank you president obama
my uncle barack is president again ! lol
today we are wearing ! happy st . patricks day !
happy saint patrick's day to you all ! joining now @
an irish blessing for all of our followers . happy st . patrick's day !!
hello teachers , did you celebrate st patrick's day with your students ?
verizon offers phone charging and free calling for sandy victims : verizon has sent emergency communications cen
verizon offers phone charging and free calling for sandy victims : verizon has sent emergency communicatio
im getting too weak at these hurricane sandy tweets dude
hurricane sandy's tweets are making me kind of excited for her visit .
((photosnews)) co-pilot was 'very happy ' with germanwings job : flight club members says co-pilot from crashed plane was 'very happy '
((lifestylenews)) co-pilot was 'very happy ' with germanwings job : flight club members says co-pilot from crashed plane was 'very happ
what we know and don't know about charlie hebdo terror attack in paris via
the pen is mightier than the sword : 28 cartoonists pay tribute to :
incredible 4 day timelapse video of sandy blowing through nyc from the 51 st floor of the new york times :
the hurricane i was in the zone b section . i thought my house was going to flood . i have a pet bird and i packed her
nice to see papers across europe showing with satirists in freedom of speech + criticize religion
quite a time to be arriving in paris tomorrow morning .
david stern's stupid ass said hurricane katrina smfh
did david stern really say hurricane katrina instead of hurricane sandy
damn . i'm so sorry about that bitch sandy .
a look at the platform that folks are using for efforts :
florida is crazy !! i'm tracking orange as votes come in made sure my absentee ballot made it in !
i wonder who george bush voted for
yes its st patricks day everyone go get cunted while i wither away doing work
fuck off st . patricks day .
france , russia bombard is as paris attacks forge unlikely alliance
geonews : france , russia bombard is as paris attacks forge unlikely alliance
reports say prime minister harper is safe and has left parliament hill .
the prime minister is safe and has left parliament hill .
i had no idea it was st patricks day ! no green urine for me tomorrow
wait wtf is at st .patricks day tomorrow ?
i was kinda excited about being at scsu during the hurricane but that's not happening
weathering hurricane sandy in nyc , but don't worry because tmcf , tsu , and god got us covered !
anyone know where i can see last night's concession /victory speeches online ? i bailed when romney looked like he was going to wait it out .
per fortuna esiste dio ! go go the best president obama ;d
breaking : french prosecutors say suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in yesterday's police raid .
breaking : french prosecutors : suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in police raid . via theobserver
islamic state claims responsibility for brussels attacks ,
islamic state claims responsibility for attack , via reuters .
navy sends carriers to aid sandy recovery ; obama to tour n .j.: with new york city and coastal new jersey still paralyzed after supers
navy sends carriers to aid sandy recovery ; obama to tour n .j.: with new york city and coastal new jersey still p
this or that : in your opinion , who is going to win the election ??romney, obama or you can write in a cantidate of
okay that's way worse ! are you going to see romney tonight !?
hurricane sandy footage (playlist): via
sorry , of the fact that happens to you with the hurricane sandy it is a disaster
hurricane safety tips before , during after sandy's arrival
sunday drivers + pre hurricane hysteria = worst day to be on the road ever .
come on england let's have it the ox is gonna rip the frogs apart
france can go die ,england will win
celebrating st . patricks day early with the boys !
someone , somewhere , somehow take a st . patrick's day sip for me !
is there some sort of caveat in the imperceptible line of type under the word ?
officer suffered 'orbital blowout fracture to eye socket '
obama won , so i didn't make my poster :d
ever since obama first got in office b .tch ass always make episodes baking it same like he won for certain reason ! pissed me off
netherlands vs germany is gonna be a great game
so pumped for this netherlands-germany game
- follow this moment for the latest on the explosion at brussels airport .
hacker news - explosion at brussels airport
no tv ? michael brown's funeral is beginning now , and you can watch it here :
my prayers my thoughts r with the parents of michael brown , his fam the community of
happy st patrick's day to all our irish quad trekkers :))
happy st patrick's day everyone ! welcome to our new followers
my heart is broken for paris and the families affected .
fucking pray for paris and dont judge other religions
its crazy , people who live in this country are more curious about the election in america lolcongratulations to obama though !
congrats to obama , he is amazing x
made it to downtown des moines no green macchiatos there on st . patrick's day .
like him or not , broadcasting live from the st . paul st . patricks day parade was elite .
charlie hebdo strikes again , tells paris terrorists , 'if god exists , he hates you ': the controversial french s
charlie hebdo strikes again , tells paris terrorists , 'if god exists , he hates you ': the controversial french satirical magazine charl
codedblue 696 : fashion designer prabalgurung has organized a relief fund for victims of the nepal earthquake :
lorenzosisti 1 : fashion designer prabalgurung has organized a relief fund for victims of the nepal earthquake :
one win for germany tonight : my karcher jet spray cleared the blocked drain at half time .
can't believe germany is gonna lose this one
pray for boston i just found out
everyone is saying pray for boston but i bet none of them did
15 amazing acts of kindness during sandy [pics] via mashable
definitely sitting at the kitchen table wearing a headlamp and layers . bring it on .
cooked up some grub to help fight super simple super good
mass transit closing at 7 pm today , evacuations mandatory for low lying areas of manhattan . stay safe friends strangers .
hats off to an irish company . :-) happy st . patrick's day !
can u put some irish in me for this st . patrick's day ?
disaster relief team readies to assess and help animals in nepal | ifaw - international fund for animal welfare
dozens gather near capitol for nepal candlelight vigil
please be aware that mta will suspend train service at 7 pm tonight due to hurricane sandy . we will do our best to
the next hurricane name will be hurricane patrick !
hurricane sandy's deadly path through the caribbean - abc newshurricane sandy's deadly path
we are following the hurricane sandy situation closely please pray for people in its path .
happy green st . patrick's day everyone !!
top of the morning to ya world . happy st . patrick's day !
now who am i going to direct my anger and frustration towards now that mittens is out of the picture ?
left school sick because everyone's stupidly is making me nauseous .
happy st . patrick's day . do not celebrate like hannah with her coworkers
happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! enjoy a doodle !
obama , romney return to campaigns ' starting points : on election eve , obama addresses rally in iowa , romney does
lotta reasons i don't want romney to win , but up there is that abbott will think it has something to do with him .
the mastermind of the paris attacks is dead but the founder of twiddle is still running wild in the streets . scary world .
suspected mastermind of paris attacks confirmed dead in raids
happy st patrick's day ! hope everyone has a lucky day ! god bless !
happy st . patrick's day ! why not celebrate with a glass of !
prayers go out to everyone effected in boston
prayers goes out to everyone in boston !
telehouse , hibernia atlantic take up network challenge after hurricane sandy disrupts communications telecom
telehouse , hibernia atlantic take up network challenge after hurricane sandy disrupts communications
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a common strateg (bbc)
rat news online : african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west afric
but hey , what the fuck . happy st patrick's day yeah ?
happy st . patrick's day ! party responsibly .
already aggravated ! hate you sandy !
well not much of sandy hit us so far , but kinda wish the power had gone out . so much quieter when the power is out .
obama needs to get down with chocolate muffin
who didn't see this ?cnn breaking news - dow falls more than 300 points after obama's re-election and new concerns about the global economy
tells supporters that 'will become a great president ' if elected tuesday :
who's having an election watch party i can attend ? i'll bring the hummus ;)
got swept away sadly this afternoon by the hurricane r .i.p little guy
is taking this whole moaning about the weather thing to a whole new level
nbc finally mentions shmuley boteach and they butcher his name's spelling and pronunciation . did they not see the comm
he sure did . we've disowned him here in ma !
nothing scares me more than the ebola virus
two infected americans , a dead liberian doctor , and the worst-ever ebola ou
class 204 learned the history of st . patrick's day and wrote four reasons why they're lucky .
australia why you no care about st . patrick's day !
it's the feast day of st patrick , the patron saint of the colour green , inflatable hats , guinness tainted vomit and imagined irish heritage .
happy st patricks day , even tho italians do it better
i love that my sister is a yella-boned beast (: performed at sxsw last year so we have the hook up for this year if i wanna go
camping in san marcus and in austin for the break , can't wait till thursday !!!
anybody else alternating between freaking out about sandy and convincing yourself it's overhyped ?
what are your thoughts and preparations for sandy ? let us know !!
it's false to think web is not for long form -
it's just false to think that the web is not good for long form journalism .
shoot would like to wish all our irish friends and followers a very happy saint patrick's dayhow many of you
st . patrick's day - religionfacts via
how can that hurricane just bust a hard left to come hit maryland ??
how t'f they going to cancel halloween for a hurricane that is still in the sea ? stupid asses .
i'm really genuinely scared that romney might win tonight . i won't be watching the inauguration if he does !
so if is re-elected will twicide .. ama ni /o facepalm
charlie hebdo's cover doesn't mince words in response to paris attack : french satir
charlie hebdo's cover doesn't mince words in response to paris attack : french satirical magazine charli
paris survivor describes hiding in bataclan bathroom : a witness tells cnn's poppy harlow about the panic insid
paris survivor describes hiding in bataclan bathroom : a witness tells cnn's poppy harlow about the panic
grokking : google cancels monday's android event over hurricane
what's new : hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event
7.5 mg earth quake in india and nepal 25.04 .2015 via
hundreds feared dead in nepal earthquake
via poll finds union workers pulling overwhelmingly for obama in ohio
watching streaming live for not sharing my ballot in il as it is a class 4 felony !
these hurricane tweets got me weak ;d
lol really just want a big sleepover w . all my friends during this hurricane
((holabebe)) full episode : nightline 03 /24/15: germanwings plane crash investigators piece together what happened : inside angelina
((eresmuyespecial)) full episode : nightline 03 /24/15: germanwings plane crash investigators piece together what happened : inside an
sandy is coming . sandy is coming ! run mutha fuckas !
no bandwidth today . i blame and the cold weather here for that .
ynet : israel to evacuate premature surrogate babies from nepal
israel to evacuate premature surrogate babies from nepal : after second deadly quake rocks nepal ,
disappointed with the portugal v spain game . there was a man down every other second , bad fouls , instead of playing good football
my last roll of the dice the germans . never thought i would say that
i know not all muslims are terrorist , but why are they at the heart of almost every terrorist attack around the world ?#parisattack
i stand against any attacks to any humans being no matter what ,religion,colour, races ,this is what islam taught me .#parisattacks
happy st patrick's day hope you enjoyed the day and have a great evening
st patrick's day provides another excuse for us straight edge folk to look down upon you all
i love this irish blessing - happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day from poland ;*
bge logistics guy tells me the setup of 4 major crew staging areas means is no joke .it's an indicator of
water is over pier . boats in parking lot
the new movement painful wakeup call
photo : the new movement painful wakeup call
here are the latest stats from the national hurricane center on sandy . she remains a category 2 hurricane in the
wtf is this hurricane sandy ? i thought the hurricane season was over
condolences to the people and families hurt today in boston
the injury toll continues to rise in . now reporting more than 132 people injured |
its gonna be obama . katie kay
did you see the new stats on suicide ? up 4 x the previous 8 yrs .obama is to die for ?
typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 by andrew freedman
typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 typhoon hagupit was still bringing heavy rain
bongkodtip : before and after earthquake : durbar square in kathmandu
bambimm 27 : before and after earthquake : durbar square in kathmandu
((lifestylenews)) the latest on nepal : 3 pulled from rubble 8 days after quake : the latest on nepal : 3 people pulled from rubble 8 da
the latest on nepal : 3 pulled from rubble 8 days after quake : the latest on nepal : 3 people pul
nepal quake aid 'held up at customs ': the un urges nepal to relax customs controls , which it says are holding up deliveries of aid to
along with more members of shah satnam ji green s welfare force guruji has reached nepal
happy st patricks day !! are you having fun ?
happy st . patrick's day . may you have the best of luck now and always !
i hope so i'm very nervous mitt scares me
i hope when i come back obama is still president .
st . patrick day nudes ? pls ?
happy belated st . patrick's day mark :)
shots fired in according to the audio on this live stream
cop officially stating shots fired in
saint patricks day sale thru 3 /17 -
but isn't st patrick's day technically tomorrow
at least 18 dead in paris shootings : bfm tv : paris (reuters) - at least 18 people were killed in shootouts in
at least 18 dead in paris shootings : bfm tv : paris (reuters) - at least 18 people were killed in shootou
my new sounds : little hurricane - haunted heart (chameleon remix ) on
little hurricane - haunted heart (chameleon remix )
why the new charlie hebdo cover creates new questions for u .s. news media
beyond bonkers conservative religious paper in israel photoshops women leaders out of rally .
glancee's sxsw adventure : battling bad wifi , battery drain the silicon valley mafia via
[rww] glancee's sxsw adventure : battling bad wifi , battery drain the silicon valley mafia
maybe we'll see hurricane jasper ;-)
so you'll be here for the hurricane dumbass
remember guys , voting is sexy . apathy is not .
i think i might get nibbles in for tonights coverage of the election
happy st . patrick's day 2 u all ! .stay warm
eating lucky charms , happy st . patrick's day !!!
tell me what obama has done but spend trillions of dollars how much did u get from him
and here are the charts which merit president obama a second term .
this has been a historic election for women as well . 18 women will be heading or returning to capitol hill .
yo , mittens , its over asshat . time to step up and congratulate the mofo potus !
i wonder how many people took annual /sick leave today to watch the ?
first win for the patriots . huge stand . let's see how sharp brady is tonight .
stay strong to all the family in paris and japan
im so scared for paris rn :(
ebola virus potential threat to uk , chief scientist warns - bbc news : bbc newsebola virus potent
redding news ebola virus potential threat to uk , chief scientist warns - bbc news : bbc newsebola virus potenti
nah lol just about romney
can we just let the american people watch obama and romney lip-synch for their lives before they vote ?
l .a. county sheriff's department steps up patrols after boston marathon explosions
so there was a bombing in boston , thats fucked still
happy st patricks day everyone , especially all my fellow irish out there ! many pints of (cont)
happy st . patricks day ! celebrate with us have a pint of guinness or a jameson whiskey !
praying for the people in nepal and back home in india in this hour of grief .
earthquake in nepal , north india - live blog
and to be 100 % honest , this shit breaks my heart .
when we raise our hands , we are in no way surrendering our rights .
in new york for un human rights session . flew into a different kind of storm from what expected . ny bracing itself for hurricane sandy
hope all of my new york followers are safe from hurricane sandy
how can i meet you when you come to boston in june ?
ran 5 miles . just five , sad miles with nothing but boston on my mind .
in honor of st . patrick's day : avocado chicken salad for dinner
saint patricks day . so i guess beers acceptable today ?
happy st patrick's day everyone . your green on
happy st . patrick's day from the propper family !!
fader fort follow 4 follow who want it
pic no . 4 : i have no idea what this is .
did you see this about the plane crash :
are unmanned control systems or controlling planes from the ground a way to keep travelers safe ? story at 10
-help being turned away when people of nj need it . can you explain that to people that are hungrycold .
bking news : the un has diverted all their emergency funds to help the victims of sandy . wouldn't that be great , but it
tagg romney because his name is stupid
how u gone have dat michelle an obama relationship an u cheating every other day
join us at 9 est for and happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks day to all our bike riding folk out there !
interesting tidbits from the flip-card changes : pierre-paul starting for osi and is active after missing afc championship .
i need tom to get ready for deep penetration and another ring . that'd be 4 for those counting at home .
101 -year-old pulled from rubble one week after nepal earthquake - abc news
thanx for ur blessing .and when u reached their now nothing will happen to the nepal people .
why can't a hurricane come hit here ??
i should probably go buy the things i need for my spanish project before this hurricane comes . :p
can i get a follow ,hurricane took my power to charge my phone , im using my last 12 % of battery hoping you do
have a fun halloween tonight and sending the east coast sandy victims much love and good vibes .
sandy , you and i need to talk . you can take the power and screw up the roads but don't you dare mess with my morning coffee .
romney wants to dismantle fema and turn your safety over to corporate bidders does mitt scare you
new post : hurricane sandy expected to make
as conditions continue to change , call 511 /visit for latest road updates or call 800 -367-7623 with qs /reports.
hurricane sandy rages through bahamas , after killing 21 in caribbean , now en route to u .s. coast | world | news |
hurricane sandy bout to fuck everyone up lol
obama gets his second term in the us .. dave the rave cameron will be luck to see to see his ..
so an african runs the world again ? congrats obama hehehehehohohohaaa
ah yes , it's st . patrick's day .
happy st patrick's day ! we're celebrating with this special performance by green man regular
for the last time , i did not dye my hair green for st . patrick's day .i can't tell you how many times i was asked today .
after high school i forgot about valentine's day , st patricks day , easter , etc ..
security council calls for eradicating safe havens in syria and iraq
when we were last in le pasquier , we were thrilled . see more
feeling so sad about paris
facebook says it will spread safety check to a lot more countries after paris attacks
gettin closer . i hope germany get a goal make it a v shaky finish for the italians !
german substitutes making a positive impact on the game
fox news , karl rove argue with network about whether obama won ohio fox news , karl rove argue with net
obama won guys we just need boris johnson now !!
i liked a video nuclear power trouble , fires flood continue after sandy update 10 /31/12
some 360 photo you may want to see of long beach ny bord walk
happy st . patrick's day family i love you !
hard to argue . happy st . patrick's day .
my heart is sick for paris right now .
my heart goes out to france and paris right now . tough to watch .
well done for all singing the national anthem
france got a quality national anthem
gon agent together with the home girls for the this is gonna be livesuper excited
if you're not drinking already , you probably suck and have little to no friends
death toll rises in paris after shootings , explosions
quit trying to make this an anti-obama moment . this is happening in paris to people that don't care about us politics .
happy leif ericson patrick day
happy st . patricks day from bella p
, but not with zionist thugs like netanyahu . we would rather love yitzhak rabin .
no goals in 1 st half but plenty of bombs rained down on courtesy of
hurricane sandy live : part of nyc nuclear plant shut down - firstpost
im getting a tattoo of hurricane sandy .
officially a graduate student at duquesne university !!!!
jerry gearhart and clint newton of newton realty wish everyone a happy saint patrick's day .
exclusive - in paris attack , nurse discovers the man he tri |
~ paris attacks : mastermind abdelhamid abaaoud caught on cctv
if you live in the boston area , take 30 minutes out of your day today and donate blood .
glad to hear you're okay . sending lots of love and prayers your way .
nice photos from the sxsw hackathon
photo : 5 artists you missed at sxsw while waiting in line to see rick ross last year , we told you to expect
this is a strong scene before the madness tonight in in response to the shooting :
feel so bad for the young man his family . but what's the point of looting , destroying businesses etc ? am i missing something ?
fake photo from la de is being circulated with tribute to ,both images created by a website .
isis attacked paris because they has not being doing well . very interesting analysis .
and ima keep screaming obama bitch .!!!!!!!!!!!
wish i had some obama gear
bitch rap about obama now wid dat fake ass inflatable booty !
i love how the people in obama's headquarters are all dancing and the people in romney's headquarters are standing there all butt hurt
they play against ozil , schweinstigger , gomes , klose , and muller .
this german comedian dude talking is probably the ugliest thing i've ever seen
with 95 % popular votes checked in barack obama received 58,702,702 = 50 % versus mitt romney received 56,455,982 = 48 %
4 years ago , was in new york when obama got elected !! jaysus time flies by !!
our prayers go out to those on the east coast and their love ones who are dealing with tropical storm sandy .
praying for the east coast cause hurricane sandy is not letting up
obama wins and we get 7 inches of snow .maybe the mormon was right ?
house intelligence committee will hold benghazi hearings on nov 15 th . obama will be passing out free phones and rolling d
first shot of jameson is on me tonight so lets get tipsy for st patricks day !
mon 3.17 .14 (9am hour ): yoke shire live tv performance on . streams at :
i just saw a scottish commercial on st . patricks day . the nerve
apparently brad's idea of celebrating st . patrick's day consists of listening to nickelback .
breaking : pal says ottawa gunman wanted to go to middle east , seemed 'mentally ill ' - fox n
pal says ottawa gunman wanted to go to middle east , seemed 'mentally ill ' - fox news
happy st . patrick's day everyone !(and yes i have irish heritage !)
fun fact : no one in the uk actually celebrates st patricks day its literally just the usa
heyy duende ! happy st patrick day ! ^^ xx
happy st . patrick's day ! what green food are you eating today ? :)
if they don't stay in from the huge hurricane we're supposed to get !
lmfaoo sandy need to return back home where she come from
happy st . patricks day everyone ! check out an old from last year's
i always wonder why the us even celebrates st .patricks day we're not even irish ..
prayers go out to all the victims of the bombing in boston and their families ..
our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the families in .
i thought this hurricane was going to be nuts but guess not
id just like to thank hurricane sandy for giving me off of school .
be safe everyone . thinking of boston tonight
if your talking about boston , it's definitely not terrorists
its about 5 million people without power right now from hurricane sandy . and its predicted to take about a week to restore it . wow
i definitely almost forgot the election is next week , disoriented thanks to sandy ! my god is greater !
i don't really know the exact details about the recent bombing in boston but let's just pray for them out there , please . :(
grabe napatingin ako nung graphic na photos of the bombing in boston and di ko kinaya tapusin na . so tragic :(
have a fantastic st patrick's day everyone !
happy st patrick's day . love you . :)
happy st . patricks day to all the irish people ! enjoy celebrating today :)
oh and happy st patricks day folks =dkiss me im not irish !!! :**#stpatricksday2014
iskan voa who links ebola spread to archaic cultural practices
iskan voice : who links ebola spread to archaic cultural practices
so sad - devastating hurricane sandy before and after sat images -
5 personal technologies that survived hurricane sandy via eliot van buskirk
flammable piss means you did st patrick's day right .
now please resume st patricks day festivities
happy st . patrick's day ! who is rocking their gear today ?
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! we're open until 5 :30!
rt do we send in military ?listen freefade to black live now (323) 825 -5045tweet live on
not surprising , but a good indicator of how deeply-ingrained these misconceptions are
'f*ck them , we have champagne !', states the latest cover after attacks -
: police say two dead in st-denis raid targeting 'mastermind'
who do you think will be the next president of america ? mitt romney or barack obama ?
mitt romney , he outsourced jobs and bankrupted a lot of businesses for profit
happy st patrick's day . winter sun on gurteen bay .
who doesn't love a good green mint chocolate chip to celebrate st . patrick's day ?! that's how we celebrated .
rain , snow , sleet , and hurricane sandy won't stop wonderful reading teachers from gathering at the keystone state
i love how the ne is flipping their shit over a category 1 hurricane .
five hostages flee from sydney cafe : siege at lindt cafe in sydney's busy central business districtgu
five hostages flee from sydney cafe : siege at lindt cafe in sydney's busy central business districtgunm
latest news hurricane sandy b-town celebs express concern for family-friends in new york
wanna use the battery tunnel in nyc ? hope you have a submarine
happy hour all night today if you are irishand on st . patrick's day everyone is .
new music from interpol . happy st . patrick's day
so you want 4 more years oh obama ??? pitiful !!!
president obama is on fire i am loving this speech fired up !!!!
i'm happy obama won , he reminds me of the green lantern john stewart
is taking the podium now to give a concession speech .
walkin down 6 th lookin for some food !!!!
found a fools gold sticker on the floor !!!! true !!!!
it's st patricks day , and no , you're still not irish
happy st . patrick's day everyone !! may the luck of the irish be with all of you ! have a great week !
happy st .patricks day everyone . great day to be irish .
happy st patricks day , to all my followers from the emerald isle ! x
good night tweetie-pies . hope you enjoy watching the or whatever you are doing . sweet dreams . :)
the david beckham body wear commercial might arguably be my favorite commercial during the
i really want a hurricane to be named after me
governor of virginia declares state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy (via
ok , distracting myself from hurricane sandy - which should i make ?
so , who else has to leave there house because of sandy ? -_-
is it weird to crave polish food on st . patrick's day . i mean , cabbage is cabbage , right ? :p
it's st . patrick's day and we are testing icims !! texaschildrens
come on england !!!! let's smash the french cunts .
. which team u going with ..? i'm with england
our hearts are just as broken . condolences to everyone at lahore , pakistan .
army chief not happy on lyrics of song to be released by dj ispr
everybody panic : the yale club has relaxed its dress code on account of hurricane sandy - national - the atlantic wire
hurricane sandy last seen in pajamas .
germanwings crash compensation : what we know : lufthansa and its insurers have begun the grim
germanwings crash compensation : what we know : lufthansa and its insurers have begun the grim task of
guess who (happy st . patrick's day )
happy st . patricks day ! our party at work was a success ! (:
romney had one million more votes , yet obama won
obama !!!!!.obama!!!!!..obama!!!panalo na yan .
anyone proposed conspiracy theories about sandy ? weather changing bomb ? mitt romney or obama using it to manipulate the election ? or putin ?
pro-assad page claims syria and iran engineered hurricane sandy hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah !!!!!
video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among celebrate life !
video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call
nepalese army finds wreckage of missing u .s. helicopter , says 'no chance ' of survivors
pls support nepal bcz we are the neighbour .
happy st patricks day to all our irish followers customers !
happy saint patrick's day to all the irish ! can't wait to come back to ireland in may !
happy st patrick's day !! especially to my irish folks . have a good one !!
oh and i guess happy st patricks day everyoooone
must-have apps at 2012 my picks ? and heytell - like verbal twitter !
stoked for the austin vida /peligrosa day party at jovita's ! rain or shine its going to be a dope dance party .
las vegas sun - police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
the times picayune - sydney siege : police storm cafe where hostages being held
crap its st patricks day tmrw
wishing everybody a happy st patrick's day
fun end to a st patrick's day parade
images from today's st . patrick's day parade in bremerton here :
via breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption
breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption
not to detract from the seriousness nature of storm sandy , but it does remind me that we are just lodgers on the surface of this planet
folks here in howard beach say the water shifted these cars on to the sidewalk .
very exciting game going on nwpoland v russia !!
group a seems like the best group to watch so far . by far the most entertaining games
my deepest condolences are with the victims + their families of the paris attacks . i'm shocked and i actually don't know what to say
all my thought and prays are by all the victims and all people in paris and france
pahahhaha i just turned to my bf and said 'was his position the blind side ?' wow i really dnt know american football
goal of the day : blackout before the halftime show
our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the explosions in boston today .
another way to get information on anyone who was running in today's boston marathon is via this hotline -617-635-4500.
pennsylvania gov declares state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy -
i want someone to sleepover during this hurricane .
buildings collapse , at least two killed as 7.9 quake hits nepal , india : witnesses via
hope my family safe in nepal m really worried
btw , make sure you watch the springsteen keynote from sxsw on the music tab
awesome paste magazine sxsw sampler
happy st .patricks day from chile !!! :d
happy st . patrick's day from chop careers !
where's a minion when you need one ? they released prisoners from gitmo after the attack in paris ? whaaaaaaaaat ????
what do you think will the paris gov't do about this ?
happy st . patrick's day , bangers !!
happy st . patrick's day from lady of letters inc .
obama is totally a 'carrie', and mitt romney is totally that guy who wonders why those women are ever allowed outside of their houses .
not really , but obama home-brews (kinda) and romney doesn't drink . so , there's that .
ima get fucked up before we leave sxsw lolol . that poetic justice shit need 2 be tipsy for the day lololol
bit of an emergency with your product re : sxsw . do you happen to be around ? beers on me if you can help :)
my prayers go out to all the soon to be victims of hurricane sandy !!!!!
mitt romney is not going to help the victims of hurricane sandy
after one american has lost his life . ebola outbreak forces west african airline to halt flights via
please can ebola be contacted through tweeting ??
paris attacks : cinema chains in french capital to remain closed on sunday : big movies t
paris attacks : cinema chains in french capital to remain closed on sunday : big movies that have be
working on matcha green tea recipes for our cafe partners . have a favorite recipe to share ?
chris bosh how do you let patrick beverly embarrass you like that ?
happy st . patricks day to all our members !!!
happy st . patrick's day from my baby love 3
take a moment to think about everyone who will be caught up in hurricane sandy . good luck new york
mad as shxt dey said we can't come in to work tomorrow like foh . i hope hurricane sandy da fuckkk happy ! n pleased wit her damn actions
att and t-mobile sharing networks in new york and new jersey following hurricane sandy : att and t
[ it news ] att and t-mobile sharing networks in new york and new jersey following hurricane sandy
wishing you a very happy st . patrick's day
how is st . patricks day even a holiday like what's the point to it
happy st . patricks day !! love you tons ! do you have any plans ?
top o ' the morning everyone . happy st . patrick's day
i'm so happy to hear that big bird will be able to keep his job .
is now most tweeted event ever . thank you twitterverse for the endless entertainment tonight con
european shares rise as sandy damage seen limited : london (reuters) - european shares and the e cc
european shares rise as sandy damage seen limited : london (reuters) - european shares and the euro rose
national news : soldier shot at canadian war memorial by fleeing gunman : while details are still being sor
soldier shot at canadian war memorial by fleeing gunman *not news
update : data centers generators fuel running out - sandy related updates (get ready
knowing that there's that hurricane out in new york and i know people and family out there
sandy u bitch ! u are killing my back ,..#nosleepagain
how are you ? how are things after sandy ? hope your ok .
fiona apple makes return to spotlight at sxsw (the arizona republic ): share with friends : | | top news - enter
goin to miss my bae like crazy but i kno is gonna kill it at sxsw
no ! galveston people are saying fuck boston !
i love all 100 k of you ! lets all please say a prayer for our people in boston tonight ! xox god bless
paris . my god they've taken 100 hostages too .
at least 40 dead from terrorist attacks in paris . scenes from inside stadium in right now .
key peele : obama's anger translator translates the presidential victory :
s /o to obama for that victory last night tho
happy st . patrick's day to you and the bhs !
you're looking well , lad . happy st patrick's day to you yours .
you're right . it doesnt even known to many that there is a so called st . patrick day . :)
quite a way to celebrate st patrick's day .
lone pissy republican in line is already complaining and calling election fraud . over the very vocal pro-obama crowd . love dc .
you think more democrats will vote for romney or more republicans for obama ?
celebrate st patrick's day by laughing at boyzone pretending they're mumford sons
happy st patricks day !! check out these green supercars courtesy of the guys at
our thoughts are with ottawa today . stay safe , much love .
just heard about ottawa . stay safe , people .
european union to crack down on bitcoin after paris attacks : countries in the eu are repor
news european union to crack down on bitcoin after paris attacks : countries in the eu are reportedly
vote for obama if you love yo mama vote for mitt if you dont wanna be shit !
how can women vote for romney ?
my prays goes out 2 everyone in boston
to all our fans , families and friends in boston our condolences to those who lost or had loved ones injured in
my prayers are with the people of nepal and my sad to see such massive destruction
our prayers goes out to all those involved in the earthquake
my heart goes to all those affected by the hostages , those that have been injured , those that we have lost and their families
pm on monis : 'he had a long history of violent crime , infatuation with extremism and mental instability .'#sydneysiege
the greeks have been garbage ! haha
'greeks comitted only 3 fouls so far , which shows they're not 100 % focused ' says commentator on cro tv .
these canadian commercials are terrible ! i want to watch the on nbc not nbc taken over by ctv
damn that new acura is sexy and the go hand in hand
follow our live report on the pro-democracy protests with updates from afp reporters on the ground
great report on this morning on keep up the good work .
officials : little risk of ebola outbreak in us : cdc : little risk to us seen from ebola outbreak in africa ; 2 a
officials : little risk of ebola outbreak in us : cdc : little risk to us seen from ebola
i hate st . patrick's day , and i hate it even more now that i heard that st . patrick wasn't even irish
didnt wear green on st . patrick's day .
big entertainment stocks open virtually unchanged after hurricane sandy market closures : netflix shares
big entertainment stocks open virtually unchanged after hurricane sandy market closures : netflix shar
unfinished business ! so much to do , so less time
should i feel good about my self for not being a or coz i am a sikh ?
prosecutor says paris death toll could pass 120 .
our prayers for parisour thoughts for everyone !!
why come hurricanes are the only funny disaster ?
hurricane sandy cheecks eat my nuts
happy st . patricks day ! i love being irish :) !
happy st patricks day .start as you mean to go on x
'sons of anarchy ' connections to hurricane sandy via
tks steve ! it was truly amazing to cover hurricane sandy , and even more amazing to see the recovery efforts !
in edinburgh , yes and no literally live on top of each other .
vote early , vote often is that why yes are tweeting that polling stations are closed ?
happy st . patrick's day ! pinches hugs :-)
happy st . patrick's day savings alert
shocking refereeing not a red card and clear penalty to greece . already controversy .
are playing football like they handled their economy . shocking and blaming everyone else for it .
3 -6pm today : multiple les locations . 3 meals , 5 bottles water per person . info at
win a free dinner with the shirtless horsehead jogger from hurricane sandy
happy st . patrick's day ! celebrate with us at a real irish bar . we are at rp mcmurphy's in hyde park .
it's st patrick's day -are you wearing your blue ? what ???????
please expalin ? rt reading the in texas gets you labelled a socialist - evan smith at
there is too much promotion of the at by be sure to read it first .
prayers for paris , may god help us !
please pray for paris . these poor , innocent people .. so so sad .
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at rfx !
guys , i'm ready to not do anything for st . patrick's day !
volunteer chef from serves up hot meals to refugees
montreal unity march fights refugee , migrant deportations .#refugeeswelcome
i am also proud of that he scored yesterday !!! a hat trick is coming against portugal !
all riseitaly 1 - croatia 3 spain 3 - ireland 2
the forcast is for green snow today in keystone . happy st . patrick's day ! also happy birthday to my niece .
happy st . patrick's day ! if this isn't the perfect day to get out there and dance , i don't know what is ! enjoy
ever wonder what irish wildlife looks like ? check it out happy st patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day to y'awl !
missing u .s. chopper's wreckage found : nepal military : the wreckage of a u .s. marine he en
[nbc news ] missing u .s. chopper's wreckage found : nepal military : the wreckage of a u .s. marin [united states ]
oh good morning , niall ! how was st . patrick's day ? :))
how was st patrick's day what did you do
downtown businesses prep for crowds via
soon many more will be in for hope to see /meet a few .
happy st . patrick's day ! what's everyone drinking today ?
happy st patrick's day - from inside our moroccan party tent !
rafohcka : the earthquake that rocked nepal triggered an avalanche on mount everest
rtbreakingnews : the earthquake that rocked nepal triggered an avalanche on mount everest
be careful out there ! apocalypse - hurricane sandy w /
hurricane sandy accounts are the worst thing to happen to twitter since ted accounts
my geography teacher might be in paris right now . he was so excited to go there . hope he is fine .
feel so bad for those in paris , hope they're all taken to safety , stay strong .
g for goal , g for gomez , g for germany .
goal gomez !!!!!i'm all in for germany .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wyxnu4i8xn
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eujkfkjyoa
i expect some more green ! happy st . patricks day !
happy st patrick's day !thanks 723 whiskey bravo |
u .s. issues ebola travel warnings :
news ea | us issues west africa travel warning ; ebola deaths top 700 - voice of america : voice of americaus is
hurricane sandy : live : us authorities order mass evacuations and airlines cancel transatlantic flights as hurricane sandy bears down
hurricane sandy : live : us authorities order mass evacuations and airlines cancel transatlantic fli
hurricane sandy a 'wake-up call ' on climate change - more like a welcome call to call upon god . via
it's not a hurricane , just a super storm .
happy st . patrick's day ! love , the diva herself .
happy st . patrick's day ! may your day be filled with good fortune !
some of these hurricane sandy tweets are stupid but the other ones are funny as shit lol
i wonder if is gonna be okay later after the hurricane . but we both scared so she not alone !!
st . patrick's day is a non black holiday
happy st patricks day and best of luck this year
dear hurricane sandy , i don't live in a brick house like that third piggy , so do me a favor , when ya wind come th
i don't know about y'all but am scared about this hurricane .
please c if they r connected terror in paris
such ugly , awful things going on in such a beautiful city .. praying for everyone in paris .
ghana tests u .s. citizen for ebola
reuters : ghana testing u .s. citizen for ebola : health ministry
so awful to see the destruction despair of those in need from storm sandy .obama wont help them
so awful to see the destruction despair of those in need from storm sandy .obama wont help the
new charlie hebdo cover features muslim prophet : the satirical newspaper is planning to publish as many as 3 m
new charlie hebdo cover features muslim prophet : the satirical newspaper is planning to pub
: germanwings co-pilot : 'intentionally destroyed plane ' | friendly pro who 'dreamed' of flyin
eth germanwings co-pilot : 'intentionally destroyed plane ' | friendly pro who 'dreamed' of flying : germanwings
she met me up here !! love her ! happy st . patricks day !!
may have to change my plans tonight st ..patricks day parties all over tonight ..may have to go out tonight with
i hope americans can see that turd sandwich is the way to go .
nbc just called new hampshire for obama
co-pilot started training 2008, made a co-pilot 2013, passed all flight and medical tests - spohr lufthansa boss
co-pilot in germanwings crash was not on terror watch list : andreas lubitz , 28, was not on any terrori
live stream coverage of paris (in english ) -
slaughtering the innocent is so pointless . paris doesn't deserve this
its election day ! exercise your right to vote !
happy election day ! let your voice be heard kentucky ! get out there on this beautiful day an vote !
rip to all who have fallen in paris
welcome to chitoo's diary .: mastermind of paris terror attack killed
fresh one of the pilots of doomed germanwings flight was locked out of cockpit before crash
germanwings crash may have been a 'deliberate, suicidal choice '
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rnv3w0z3ig
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/po4icoqvms
whts good ? who tryna fuck b4 sandy come around ? whts up ?
subway shut down thanks sandy
happy st .patricks day from juno
people celebrate st . patricks day but can't make it to the pastor's anniversary ! lol
news update : jay-z rocks sxsw at amex twitter event [pics] - jay-z performs at sxsw a sea of camera phones lit up ja
jay-z rocks sxsw at amex twitter event [pics] - a sea of camera phones lit up jay-z's free concert monday night at s
but we get bombed every day and dey don't even blink
murakami ran boston 6 times , and wrote about it in what i talk about when i talk about running . i wonder if he'll write about this tragedy .
yepp , just to congrats mr obama .
is it tacky if i wear my other obama shirt today ?
st . patrick's day you say ?
happy st .patricks day everyone xx
( ) nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : ame
nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : americ
thoughts are with the people affected by the explosions in boston
i have a family in boston and thank god their okay but those who were there i feel bad .thoughts on boston :(
top stories : bergdahl presser live on desertion , the latest on germanwings crash , and all the news tune in now
top stories : bergdahl presser live on desertion , the latest on germanwings crash , and all the news
there was a shooting in canada today 0 .o
i would assume the canadian shooting is workplace violence
i am predicting that romney will win the popular vote , but obama will win the electoral vote . like 2000, but backwards .
how long after a mitt romney win ! can we arrest barry !_just trying to get to work . on benghazi
dtn hollywood : asap rocky sxsw show ends in brawl : an asap rocky show at sxsw came to a messy end as a brawl bro
asap rocky sxsw show ends in brawl : an asap rocky show at sxsw came to a messy end as a brawl broke out between the band and the crow
news : police storm sydney cafe to end hostage siege , three dead
nsw police confirm the gunman had a history of violence , mental instability and extremist views ; he was also on bail .
happy st patrick's day , enjoy the day and the night !
happy st . patrick's day to all our friends and families . :)may you find the end of the rainbow this year with
go move to the east coast so you can deal with hurricane sandy at least that bitch will get you wet
so much yelling about support for but no yelling abt fema and obama - w katrina bush got killed from day 1
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! may the of the be with you all !
happy st . patrick's day ! how are you reaching out to your leads today ?
also consider msm bias , some of so called 'riots' are instigated by aggressive police
12 days of bullshit decades of black oppression isn't kneejerk reactions
lots of streams have gone down . still observing a fox stations feed .
not an arrest .just holding until prelim hearing .#ferguson mainly harassment
tomorrow's st patricks day and i'm not feeling green
happy st patrick's day folks !! get your green on !!#stpatricksday
even if u disagree w / theory of change , their online style , strategy has takeaways 4 nonprofits ngos
glad panel inc . voice from uganda , in convo abt ug . i'd love panel of africans speaking abt topic
so the siege twat is a criminal who has been charged with numerous offenses incl sexual assault and murder . hardly a freedom fighter
'thinking of everyone involved ' sends love and prayers to sydney
giving ministers access to strategy doesn't 'level playing field '. it 'ties one hand behind its back '#wato
just digging through this , but some interesting data emerging on for cee countries hu , pl , cz most impact
i have way too much homework to watch the . i feel like this happens every year . maybe because i'm a profesh
my family are all watching the in different rooms .
megan mckenzie killin it in the happy st . patrick's day !
swear the people of this country celebrate st patrick's day more than st george's day
we're planning a special on aug 28 where we'll address the larger issues at root w / the situation in . more to come .
over on fb i don't think i've seen one white person post about the wrong doing going on in and that's sad too .
abc money : top 7 tips to prepare for hurricane sandy : residents along the atlantic coast are preparing for hurri
top 7 tips to prepare for hurricane sandy : residents along the atlantic coast are preparing for hurricane sandy ,
happy st .patricks day ! remember to wear something green :)
happy st patricks day ! stay safe my friends !
someone from the dmv must have made the hurricane page since they talked about chipotle and twerkin
here's the latest track .more on eyewitness news at 11 !
come on sandy , my fan is windier than you
are you sloow ? obvsly its getting flooded , were getting hit with a 10 surge hurricane lolol
abdullah-x cartoon aims to deter jihadists for media out there , let's remember this in the narrative .
suspect in shootings may have ties to al-qaeda in yemen (via
what did obama do to carl and how can romney fix it ?
watching cnn , i am a minority , and proud to be one !
so right now the police dept and the prosecutor office are working hard to free the cop , while smearing the victim .
facts don't matter , investigation don't matter they need to motivate the base to vote - obama inept record can't make them vote
wherever the wind blows us , which could be a long way cause sandy is kinda powerful . but idk . we'll figure it out tomorrow ?
` yo i not even sure if the party is going to go on cause of that stupid ass hurricane but if you wanna
my son bradley is fundraising for o show your support help
activists : stealing their spotlight . they're not mad attacked , they're livid they got bumped !
i don't mean to intrude but you guys know that if obama wins he'll most likely be impeached ?
so far this election i've heard from two alderman and jesse jackson telling me to vote for obama .
no one leaves home unless home is the mouth of a shark . shire ,
hey have you seen amazing project raising awareness /empathy in uk kids by sending teddies :)
f7u12 picture - being a californian , my reaction to hurricane sandy .
a few who enjoyed sandy much more than most of us
typhoon hagupit churns across philippines as more than 1 million flee : a powerful typhoon ploughs throug (abc)
typhoon churns across philippines , more than 1 million flee
pete cashmore denies cnn acquisition rumor to mashable staff : the hot sxsw rumor is that cnn is look
pete cashmore denies cnn acquisition rumor to mashable staff : the hot sxsw rumor is that cnn is looking to a
idk why they even have that does nepal even have internet
we will rise again ,the concrete jungle will stand still again , the pride will be restored .#kathmandu
rt tired of this sandy shit already
preparing for hurricane sandy . be safe everyone !
haha ! everything good or bad will just be entering nigeria via lagosebola !!! chaiii
no be always lagos joore everything good or bad will just be entering nigeria via lagosebola !!! chaiii
it wouldn't be st . patricks day if i didn't raise the youngster up to the heavens .
i have so far missed despicable me :-( happy st patrick's day !
nepalis find in tent city , but few resources
government working from tents after 2 nd
portugal already doing a bit of playacting .
alrighty then ! portugal v germany . make it a good match boys !! *lots of euro 2012 tweets till it ends haha . fair warning !!*
: a fire alarm in the night - the american interest (very thoughtful analysis from walter russell mead )
another man killed in . shit about to get even realer .
septa we'll just blame our tardiness on sandy
sandy spending hopes drive rally for recovery companies - reuters : sandy spending hopes drive rally for recovery
we are loving out first sxsw and can't wait for the rest of the week ! make sure to look for our .org street team !
i'm seeing communities of transparency : open data in action at sxsw 2012 .
doughnut planet already made st patrick's day
happy st .patrick's day to you to man and everyone else !!
congrats to obama , commiserations to mitt but could america really be governed by a man with the same name as an exfoliati
what have you done america ? i feel sorry for us because we will not have mitt romney as president .
11 : hart ; johnson terry lescott cole ; milner gerrard parker oxlade-chamberlain ; young welbeck
they would be speaking german if it wasn't for us
in d .ran's crib 2 k ing it up before we watch this football game
i'm wearing a tank top and sandals to a party . what happened to winter ??
kingdom of fife keeps us in the united kingdom , way to bring it home keep my home my home .
always knew salmond could avoid facts but never thought his concession speech would come so close to ignoring no vote !
hearing the italian and german national anthems back to back reminds me of schmacher dominating in a ferrari
genuinely love watching the italian national anthem being sung
tim o'reiley - hurricane sandy means fewer people leaving las vegas : las vegas -- when keith and deb berner wen
laura carroll - hurricane sandy means fewer people leaving las vegas : las vegas -- when keith and deb berner we
canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman : in the hours after the s
canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman : in the hours after the shooting , (#teamantoniio_x3)
highlight steals sxsw : is this the first ambient reality app that works ?: in a one-on-one with
highlight steals sxsw : is this the first ambient reality app that works ?: in a one-on-one with highli
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus | reuters -reuters
new post : sierra leone's top ebola doctor gets virus
romney on ryan : besides my wife ann , paul is the best choice i've ever made
romney : next to ann , paul ryan is the best choice i ever made .
st . patricks day is a day for non irish people to get drunk for the hell of it and for irish people to do just do what they so best .
today ! celebrate st patrick's day at get 50 % off on selected draught beers on st patrick's day
officials criticized over aid distribution : many in remote areas of nepal are still not getting aid quick
officials criticized over aid distribution : many in remote areas of nepal
facebook account andreas lubitz als islamist ?
3 kazakhs , 2 iranians , 1 moroccan , 1 turk were on the germanwings flight . one of these must have snuck into the cabin .
bol aaaah bih aint no long sleeve shirt gone protect u from no hurricane aaaaah lol lol
when living in s . fl we would watch 2 c where would be broadcasting from , becuz that is where it's going to hit .
city hall is going green tonight for st patrick's day
save some green for st . patrick's day ! come in for huge savings , today only !
four more years for barack , one new war and a global financial meltdown .
waiting on my man obama speech . see what he rapping about .
happy st . patrick's day ! we consider ourselves very for all of our great customers !
happy niall horan dayi mean st . patrick's day
hurricane sandy isn't expected to hit until late monday night early tuesday morning . so calm your tits . it's just going to be high winds .
this fake hurricane sandy account is making me weak . lmfao .
wow it was all going down in sydney today
three killed in sydney siege , including gunman . a 34 year old male hostage and 38 year old female hostage dead .
hurricane sandy expected to strengthen , district area hastens preparations - washington post : ibnlivehurric
some of us are afraid of the hurricane , some of us are not . come on over , sandy , we got tequila .
it was good seeing you st patricks day :)
i hope you had a great st . patricks day !
these terrorists from islam just won't stop . only jesus christ can save us in this brutal world .
a said day for france and freedom of speech . my condolences to the friends and families of those killed in the paris attacks .
devastating : the victims were targeted for celebrating
christian easter celebrations targeted in pakistan suicide bombing : lahore , pakistan , mar 27, 2016 / 02 : (cna)
happy st . patrick's day !!!a reminder : ptsa student members have a out of uniform pass today and can come to
i think that should do a follow spree or a qa because it is st patrick's day
obama should make it his first priority
america again opts for obama : editorial |
very sad situation , the people is tired and they have been supported by all countries around the worldblessings !
twr helping nepal with air waves of hope
saragomezaranci : video shows aftermath of earthquake in nepal
soyalfalfa : video shows aftermath of earthquake in nepal
eight out of 19 arrested in mongkok clash have triad links says police
breaking of 19 people arrested clashes , 8 thought to have triad links : police
china condemns paris terrorist attacks
we are here paris and all of france . anyone effected , my deepest sympathies
crowd hq watching elizabeth warren's acceptance speech live on the jumbotron . lots of cheering !
dems beating reps all over the place !! va goes for a dem ..#election2012
happy st . patricks day . ~ozzfactor~
welcome ! happy st . patrick's day to ya !
this damn sandy bitch coming smh
so i'm actually curious : what would happen if this hurricane had landed on election day ? do they postpone that kind of thing ?
50 cent to perform get rich or die trying in its entirety at sxsw : the shady 2.0 sxsw showcase was announced lat
50 cent to perform get rich or die trying in its entirety at sxsw : the shady 2.0 sxsw showcase was
watch : member of flight crew climbs out of the window of hijacked plane .
one more person seen climbing out of cockpit window of hijacked plane
real talk where did patricia come from ? how we just now hearing about this hurricane when it's hitting land ? smh
honeymoon newly wed tourists ?! what about the thousands of mexican citizens you fucking dicks !!!
all these people safe from the nepal earthquake won't be safe when i'm done with them , get off my life
why are people marking themselves safe during the nepal earthquake on my facebook
where was the safe space of the citizens of paris ?
is under attack by terrorists right now , particularly paris .
wonder if angela merkel thinks what happened in brussels cannot possibly happen in germany ? she better get a grip .
what about brussels , i heard it is best among them
pre hurricane solo sesh . as usual cant thank all the dudes fo
dis bitch sandy gonn get her ass beat !!
good header from gomez but i want to see a forward that can play football not just score goals
good day of today . i need to stop talking so i can sing on friday .
germanwings co-pilot was reportedly treated years ago for suicidal tendencies
prosecutors : co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies
105 -yr-old man rescued alive in earthquake-hit nepal
105 -year-old man rescued alive from debris in earthquake-hit nepal it's ultimately nature that can protect or destroy
ndtv news - world : nasa's heartbeat-detecting device saves lives in earthquake-hit nepal - ndtv news -
nasa's heartbeat-detecting device saves lives in earthquake-hit nepal : a new heartbeat-detecting device develo
i hope my new york and jersey fam is safe until sandy gets off the rag .
rt my room looks like sandy already struck in there i need to fix that
at sxsw again this year . hi gary .
why happiness is the next currency session :r are all building attention marketplaces ' statement of the day
so i feel like i'm the only nigga who didn't know in was st .patricks day lmao
didn't even feel like st .patricks day today
update 1 -six arrests in brussels police operation after bombings
update 1 -six arrests in brussels police operation after bombings : brussels , march 24 (reuters) - belgian polic
new on how hurricane sandy reminded me how much i love being a mom
dear -why don't you give the $5m to charity so it doesn't look like you're playing politics whil
everyones cheezing coz obama won it does not effect them
are you happy ? obama won . now dedicate all your self only to the echelon !
oh ..hey irish people ! happy st .patrick's day !! :)
may the luck of the irish be with you today and always ! happy saint patrick's day everyone !
happy st . patricks day everyone . stay safe tonight !
shout to everyone who wore green today ! happy st . patrick's day !
home from work . quietest st patricks day ever !
st . patrick's day on fremont street .
my heart and prayers go out to the victims of this cowardly attack in paris . we all realize this could be a city anywhere .
the earthquake /tsunami warning in japan was a long way from tokyo , me duncan are fine . thinking of paris today .
st . patrick's day with my nigga
got home despite drinking an obscene amount of guinness . that's a good st . patrick's day .
deadly 7.3 -magnitude earthquake hits devastated nepal : deadly 7.3 -magnitude earthquake hits devastated nepal
another devastating earthquake shakes nepal
prayers go out to the beautiful strong community of boston .
wow . my prayers go out to boston . so tragic .
top o the mornin to ye all . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day , or as calls it monday .
happy st . patrick's day dude wow
i don't get the point of st patricks day .to me it's just a holiday so people can pretend to be irish and get drunk
happy st . patrick day c :
happy st patricks day niall !!! love you and have a great day :)
npr news : rumor patrol : no , a snake in a bag did not cause ebola
rumor patrol : no , a snake in a bag did not cause ebola : the largest outbreak in
what did you do on this fabulous st . patrick's day ? :)
happy st . patrick's day , ni . :d
damn .. this shit is crazy .. now people are gettin nuts over gas ?! stations are out of it and lines for it are 100 's of people long ..
happy friday everyone ! lvhi is committed to assisting as many local residents as possible who have been affected by . 484 -809-3950.
hurricane sandy aint gonna be dandy
sandy is a whore all they say on the news is she gonna be blowin niggas left and right
i'm surprised eye didn't have a fake eyelash on .
carnival offers baltimore sea cruise after sandy cancels bahamas voyage - baltimore sun (blog)
be safe and stop drinking your way through sandy !!
wow still no power wtf thanks sandy
lets go obama you better win !!!!!!
not surprising , that's how obama runs
feels like sandy has come to london .
sandy brought freezing cold weather too ! what a total bitch
a hurricane is coming ! let's make it a twitter .
hurricane sandy is shut in shit down lol it ain't funny tho
fresh earthquake kills scores in nepal and india : chautara , nepal (reuters) - a second powerfu
fresh earthquake kills scores in nepal and india : chautara , nepal (reuters) - a second powerful earthquake in
esp 3 -0 ita goollllllllllllllllll ! la rojaaaaaaaaaa
spain scores , 3 -0. long over now .
hope all come out safe !
what an ordeal . am so glad for the 10 that managed to escape .
omg . its st . patricks day today . i totally forgot
it's a good day to act irish happy st patricks everyone
social discovery apps like highlight are a recruiter's wet dream at sxsw by
soshul discovery apps liek highlight r recruiters wet dream at sxsw by
just me ? fuck , dude , it must hate me , i thought we was cool . hey , it's st . patrick's day and my fingers were made for
hope you all had a great st patricks day here's a sexy green sabina to celebrate
true that's a good idea /point they have a longer shorts program in sxsw called medium cool
the best part of sxsw freestyle battle was when made ths crowd say the wrds the 1 st time ! nevr reach
ready for the voice ! :-) happy st . patrick's day .
happy st patricks day chummies !
because it is st-patrick's day and he is an irish hottie , let's enjoy some jamie dornan
it's a kinda day !!! happy st . patrick's day !!
europe shd tackle its over the board muslim sympathising liberals first to tackle terrorism
a special evening tonight inside wembley in honour of those involved in the paris attacks
hope all our cape breton friends are safe in boston
beliebers !! this is important that we pray for boston
italy arrests algerian suspect in brussels attacks : an algerian national wanted by belgium over a probe into f
cnn : brussels peace march canceled due to security concerns
the mess that obama inherited in 2008 is the excuse for such a lousy term--consider the mess he is inheriting in 2012 .
there's traffic today . damn it obama .
body of ebola victim in lagos cremated via
follow body of ebola victim in lagos cremated
fuck my entire existence . i'm about to go sonny corinthos on my barware .
yes fucking yes !! giants !!! wooooo
care much about the us but feel obama prob better than romney do you ?
isreal will die with us also . for obama has said so .
our first show is with on sunday . we will play a few more throughout the week as well .
just sent my last work email of the day . next stop , sxsw !
my condolences goes to all the passengers on board
no survivors oh my gosh ..that's not fair again prayers and thoughts are with every family and friends out there
praying for the president , his family , and the united states of america . he seems like a good man and i want him to succeed .
ahead in ohio now . um . hold up .
some people just don't get it . this election is so serious and it will effect everyone .
tough night for men who don't understand vaginas .
hopefully a turning point in how law enforcement conducts itself with its own citizens . the abuse of power has gone on long enough
in , it may be best not to wear a t-shirt , jeans , sneakers , bandanna , mean chains show off your tatts unless you're a rap star .
drinking , green and the luck of the - if anyone knows how to celebrate st . patrick's day it's
hahaha happy st . patricks day to you too !
thank you happy day-after st . patrick's day to you !
st patrick's day muy contundente
breaking news : germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps near digne
germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps near digne , reports
live : nepal earthquake death toll crosses 7000 ; over 14000 injured - firstpost : firstpostlive : nepal earthquak
latest : live : nepal earthquake death toll crosses 7000 ; over 14000 injured - firstpost : firstpost
bitches still shopping for hurricane sandy like wtf how long does that shit take
sandy , come out come out where ever you are
congress has not accomplished anything in the past two years ! that's what you will get also if romney wins tomorrow !!
all i'm saying is i'm voting obama tomorrow .
there would be a damn hurricane on my birthday -__-
well hurricane sandy coming tonight .
your well behind the times . we've been doing that for hours !
can we start having quarter time shows ??? all i have to look forward to now are the commercials . :/
best wishes to those suffering because of the hurricane out east
who the fuk make up the hurricane names
typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the eastern philippines . source : bbc news
typhoon hagupit pummels philippines , threatens flooding , landslides typhoon .
there's hurricane in dallas right now and its called giants take that romo
my whole tl is about the hurricane hoes .
kitty knows how to take shelter in a hurricane .
hang in there northeastern us !! our thoughts and prayers go out to all affected by hurricane sandy !! stay safe and stay warm !!!
i feel you girl ! them birds and obama will be victorious !
im so mad that my parents didn't vote this year . i swear if romney wins by like 2 votes ..
the value of irish humor on st . patrick's day via
i forgot today was st .patrick's day today
happy the only day when everyone is enjoy !
same to you ,damian from the next biggest st patricks day celebration in america ..savannah ga !
can't find my obama tshirt :(
it begins dixville notch ,nh: tie ! obama romney get 5 each ! first time ever !
so good to see all the portuguese players and staff singin their national anthem . and !
es ist mannschaft zeit !!! geh deutschland !!!
happy st . patrick's day ! remember to wear green .
happy st . patrick's day to all my nigerian brothers and sisters out there !
stop hating on obama ! bitchess xd
227 's youtube chili ' london tube riders on obama's win : london tube riders on obama's win 2012 olympics on nbc
polish keeper has had a mare !
szczesny has had an absoloute mare !
je suis paris - pray for paris ! t-shirt via
we should all love each other and help each other out in this tough time for paris , not blame any religion .
2 killed in violent paris raid targeting attacks suspect
nov . 18 : best role for canada , post paris ? plus other letters to the editor : letters to
happy st patrick's day - hope you all enjoy your bank holiday !
even on st patrick's day i still have the worst luck
is nashville on tonight ? so stoked . obama wins tuesday night . nashville on the next . it's a good week !
oh , and by the way , fema is closed too , just in case you were looking for help from obama .
hurricane sandy supposed to be in this areait aint gonna stop me tho
today i'm praying for all those affected by hurricane sandy . those in the wake , and those waiting for it to arrive .
hi please //t.co/odjadkdweu thanks , dickhead
very saddened 2 read this but we all no its going to keep going up since certain villages is still block off
liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control the spread of ebola , a
liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control the spread of ebo
hoping to add another one to the collection tonight .
sunday fundayspent at work , missing out on the aka new commercials and the halftime show
if i didn't want to work monday during the hurricane what makes you think i would today ?
if you can survive an earthquake and a hurricane , you can do anything !!
did y'all see how those stocks went down today ? they tryna blame it on obama too smh
lets see how long it takes the biased media nbc msnbc to blane obama for lack of assistance : never
nice sh *t! hurricane's death toll rises to 65 in caribbean [a link in my bio ]
that's great ! hurricane's death toll rises to 65 in caribbean [a link in my bio ]
poland vs greece - are you folks ready ?!!?
2 more hours for :d poland vs greece
wild ! mt i suggest bringing a chg of socks to . deluge of hellfire from the sky right now & i'm soaked to my bones .
apparently suits aren't prevalent at sxsw . we need to work to change this .
halloween is just around the corner ! of course , so is hurricane sandy . do you have enough maple syrup to make it through both ?
so my sister said i shouldn't come home this wknd cause of that bitch sandy !
fuck off st . patricks day .
st patrick's day bedtime totty :
((inspiracional)) experts gathered in nepal a week ago to ready for earthquake : experts gathered in nepal a week before quake to prep
((hablemos claro )) experts gathered in nepal a week ago to ready for earthquake : experts gathered in nepal a week before quake to pre
having said that , i am glad scotland voted no ..hopefully it'll prove better for all of us this way
scotland votes no confirms chief counting officer mary pitcaithly
our hearts and prayers go out to the victims in boston . we love you guys !
my prayers go to the victims of today's attack in boston . god takes care of every heart .
unfortunately the hurricane has started im home with nobody to cuddle with :(
damn , i can't go to the gym tonight because of the hurricane good thing i haven't gone in over a week , better safe than sorry !
man this sucks because of stupid hurricane sandy i dont have power . just great :/
i wanna do this , hurricane sandy jet ski through manasquan new jersey : via
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at hyland insurance !
my daughter was born on saint patrick's day - today , farch 17 - so it's an
doctor who treated over 100 ebola patients , die from the virus (photos): 411 vibes 411 vibes - the via
doctor who treated over 100 ebola patients , die from the virus (photos): 411 vibes 411 vibes - the via 411 vibes
and that's the polls closed . whatever the result , i've never felt more proud to be scottish .
polls are closed , nothing anyone can do now , just wait and hope ! we are one nation regardless of the outcome . remember that .
remember : global sea level rise is looking like a sandy storm surge that will take decades to roll in , but not recede f
hurricane sandy tests wireless infrastructure , forces carriers to collaborate by dan rowinski :
wearing green today ? happy to all !
i love leprechauns they're so cute and they wear green . happy st . patricks day :)))
after all these years it's still a complete novelty to have st patrick's day off
happy st patrick's day everybody ily !!!
halloween is going to suck balls this year . thanks :(
praying everyone is safe and sound after hurricane sandy xoxo
to all the irish contingent happy st patrick's day
happy st patrick's day to everyone especially to irish people .
happy st patrick's day !! to anyone who is irish :)
it's st patrick's day . here i am wearing all black .
i am grateful for celebrating st . patrick's day my heritage !
what st . patrick can teach united methodists :
ft : denmark 1 -0 netherlands ( michael krohn-dehli 24 ' )
denmark 1 netherlands 0 . well held by denmark . decent goal by michael krohn-dehli . a big shock from what i gather :-)
obama vs romney : winning the hearts email addresses of america - part ii : upon landing on the romney
that's what happens when you support romney , you get surrounded by ghosts , bad ones
jvaleiras : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
majid 7 _abdul : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
happy st . patrick's day ! stop by river rock to celebrate .
want to learn more about st . patrick ?
cue profile picture changes and instagram overload of st . patrick's day pictures .
meanwhile , everyone is recovering from st . patrick's day . happy tuesday !
video ,massive raid and heavy gunfire for hunting terrorists in paris
video , massive raid and heavy gunfire for hunting 9 th terrorist in paris
praying for love and peace in paris tonight .
send good vibes and please pray for paris
i found out how to be a good citizen in obama's eyes . don't get a job and do drugs . he actually pays you for it !
have you seen the 2016 obama movie ?!
:,( :,( :,( *runs outside during the hurricane and kills self *
looool hurrican sandy tweets are the funniesttt lolol
ready for sandy ? preparedness tips : the gloucester community emergency response team (cert) is sharing t
i wish i was there with you to swim in the hurricane like we wanted to . lmfao swim safely without me ;)
our prayers are with the people of philippines as they brace for the impact from typhoon hagupit . the communitere
typhoon hagupit : aid effort praised as one million flee to safety in philippines : woman gives birth in an evacuation shelter as the m
st . patrick's day is both really exciting and just another monday for alcoholics .
doubt i'll go to that st .patricks day parade ..
[aa] liberia : health workers want protective gear to fight ebola : [heritage]the president of the liberia
liberia : health workers want protective gear to fight ebola : [heritage]the president of the liberia physician
note our current president is rescuing the shit out of people in mid hurricane . the previous (republican) president did nothing for days
the guy on the news just said that sandy raped the coast
okay this hurricane sandy shit is scaring me
not sure if you're getting the hurricane , but stay safe .
i'm not listening to 5 live but i'm sure is getting it right
prediction : ireland to win the european championships without scoring a goal .
budlite doggie commercial is the cutest ever !! here wego ! ,
my goodness these giants suited up n showed up n that sickens me bcuz i'm an eagles fan lol congrats anyway 2 them
[isis] fbi head : no credible threat to us after paris attacks - abc news [custom section ]
fbi head : no credible threat to us after paris attacks - abc news mat global es-mx
i can confirm nyc on st patricks day is fecking mental !!!!!
my patron saint's day saint patrick .
everyone pure hyped about obama , not like he's gunna benefit us is he
today i was making michael open doors for me like it was the 50 s just in case mitt got over the line .
let sandy take all these problems with her because lord knows
buhhhh ! hurrican sandy lashes the caribbean headed towards the east coast -
new vork hurricne sandy , to moms find samchully .
waiting for a bus . if i can get over the bburg bridge into manhattan , i'm golden .
so do i , having to listen to chiles with their no hd its a struggle
enjoy it mate take care over there pal !
watch new york's skies ahead of hurricane
wow that's so getto and they don't let you say that i could've gotten kill thee was a hurricane lol
hurricane sandy really showed her presence
hope everyone in the north east is staying safe from the remnants of hurricane sandy .
might be a hurricane tomorrow and i have no loud -_-
fuk sandy , there better be school tomorrow so i can get my birthday presents .
or like the moderate muslims who couldn't tolerate a moment of silence for the paris victims ?
why doesn't this muslim group assail the paris attackers with the same furor ?
please go vote today . your voice matters . also , please be respectful . that counts for something , too .
morning everyone get up and got vote today cause your voice really does matter !
blissful hiking , update on and links from superstorm
to all those affected by hurricane sandy , i wish you all the best of luck . hopefully power will return soon to those affected .
just have hurt me please sure the incident in filipinos kindly equipped with hurt happened here in boston marithon
oh good . glad u weren't in boston .
st . patricks day gelatin dessert .every year i make this delicious dessert to celebrate st . patrick's day .my
lol wow . i do not advise this activity , but this is a great st . patrick's day song
photos from shows hurricane sandy turns iconic places around new york ghostly empty .
what happened with new yorks hurricane last night ?
spain leading but i'm going to stick with an italy win , second half goals from pirlo and mario
first goal against italy . , who will win ?? : )
is our president of the usa ,thank you ohio !
crowd nuts as sign age goes up announcing his win
bbc news uk thousands flee typhoon hagupit : about half a million people flee coastal villages in the philippin
thousands flee typhoon hagupit : about half a million people flee coastal villages in th
now , obama should re-double his efforts to get assad out of syria and he should not forget us in mali , that's one route suppl
:-( aww u mad (republican, romney supporters ) booo scratch ur ass and get glad , 2 tears in a bucket , fuck it :-p
way too much fancy foot work going on france too close to the goal . get the ball and bloody shoot !
england one more time , please !
lets be real , some people mad obama won cause they can't stand to see a nigga running things , but how was romney gonna make any it better ?
obama is rolling for the next 4 years :d !!
hard to think of a city better equipped to handle trauma from a hospital perspective than boston . incredible medical comm
how could someone ? it takes serious sickness .
10 ways not to be a jerk at sxsw via peter corbett , istrategylabs
your sxsw lineup is better than anyone else this year !!
we hope all of our lil will get out there vote tmrw !
i can't wait to be glued to cnn at every opportunity i can get tomorrow .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yzrfv53co0
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m5grfpmqbd unclear what humanity mustdo ?
downtown after sandy : walking 3 miles in blacked-out nyc , the night after the storm : boing boing pal joe sabi
boing boing : downtown after sandy : walking 3 miles in blacked-out nyc , the night after the storm : boing boin
sun news : developing : canadian soldier shot in ottawa , parliament on lock down via
breaking newsa canadian soldier has been shot in the chest at the national war memorial in ottawa .the injured
just looked at the damage of hurricane sandy wow i feel so bad for the people who lost everything ..
best thing about forgetting . reality tv exists .
sadly , it seems earthquake is making nepal home for now
another earthquake in nepal , so so sad
disappointment his other wives are voting for
is anybody else having trouble sleeping . i'm so ready to hear president romney , i want to go vote right now .
new york , stay strong ! sharp warnings as hurricane churns in
any sandy news i should know about ?
facebook apologises for safety check glitch after lahore attack : facebook apologised on sunday for khan
facebook apologises for safety check glitch after lahore attack : facebook apologised on sunday
hey it's looks like your adrenaline came up because of sandy's hurricane ya ? it came up at jersey ?
with hurricane sandy causing floods , fires and power shortages , our thoughts are with your family there ! stay safe and ha
can't wait to cast my vote for
remember everyone voting in nyc today : romney would have prayed that storm away , or failing that , nuked it .
5 goals in a game and i was still quite bored .
russia looks to be the most ready to advance to the knockout stages from group a .
sandy : mandatory evacuations still in place in nyc
has 43 million gallons of water in each tube . there are 2 tubes that need to be drained .
american doctor in liberia infected with ebola :
ebola virus outbreak : american doctor kent brantly contracts disease -
i would be too .. i moved here after the last hurricane hit and we havent had one in 20 years ( knock on wood )
hurricane you say ? that's cute
ok its obvious balotelli will be sent off before this game is done
by playing 6 mids including a false #9 in fabregas , del bosque decided it was a good idea to add ketchup to a filet mignon here
dtn china : 1 dead , captain missing after sandy sinks ship : when the bounty set sail last week , the captain runni
1 dead , captain missing after sandy sinks ship : when the bounty set sail last week , the captain running t
sandy is the most important swing voter
the hurricane sandy tweets are played out now .
hearing rumors off riots between poland and russia fans several wounded already
come on greece stop messing about now
germanwings co-pilot 'hid illness ,' medical leave note from employers - prosecutors : poli
germanwings co-pilot 'hid illness ,' medical leave note from employers - prosecutors : police hav
hurdles slow identification of brussels attacks victims via
hurdles slow identification of brussels attacks victims : identifying the people killed in t
hope everyone stays safe in larnaca , cypriots are the best .
makes you wonder how flights can still be hijacked after everything going on . hope everyone's safe . my worst nightmare .
this technology could get an unlikely boost from hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy left many people in the northe
hurricane sandy has finally shed some light ! happy halloween !
cant believe whats happening in paris right now :( 3 3
take your eyes away from all that designed to block true vision and what's left ? a world of hate and deceit
fbi director says no credible threat of paris-type attack in us : fbi director james comey said on thursday the
live on paris mourns police dog killed in raid
updates the central park effect : sxsw review
trending now :: the central park effect : sxsw review
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at stationteen ! cheers ! via
diy this adorable st . patrick's day floating nail art : calling all diy nail art queens : you have exactly one w
well i have school tomorrow but at least hurricane sandy isn't going to kill me :-)
nigga we already had a real hurricane before
good news from our gratitude to for donating milk for in .
volunteer with in free classes for all who need them
gm ! thank the lord for today ! happy st . patrick day !
happy st . patrick's day from miami !
does it look like i celebrate st .patricks day
happy morning after st . patrick's day . here's how your hangover works .
what toppings would st . patrick pick ?
happy st . patrick's day-pick up today for 3 /17!choc stoutchoc mint cookie /marshmallow#burbank oaks
united we stand ! pray for paris ..
take time to pray for paris , they need it .
anyone in the path of hurricane sandy , please be safe . you're in my thoughts and prayers .
in moscow escaping hurricane sandy . really loving all these updates on her on my wall though !
so who won the ?? i didn't watch it
at a loss for words was a disaster , depressing monday ahead , love no matter what but this just sucks
omg a hurricane .. i got an idea lets fill up our cars with gas .. lmao people are retarded
hurricane sandy is nothing but an inconvenience to me
my plans for this evening : ukraine v france , sweden v england (come on boys !) followed by the s2 premiere of ! hells yeah !
uefa are looking into reports that a banana was thrown onto the pitch during the match between italy and croatia yesterday .
paulson says video helps understand vulnerabilities on parliament hill .
paulson says it helps them to understand the vulnerabilities of parliament hill .
happy st patrick's day !! grumpy cat hopes your shirt is green and your is not . :-)
happy st . patrick's day ..around the building are many leprechaun traps designed by our kindergarten
i just realized the day of the hurricane i have a marching band competition
nasa satellites see sandy become a hurricane again and strong winds expand
my ponies aren't going to be happy when they get stalled when sandy hits
just saw a guy wheel out 6 coolers ice from the market is coming to boston
more : prosecutor : co-pilot , alone at helm of germanwings , began descent manually , `intentionally' via
cbsnewyork : breaking news : paris (ap) -- prosecutor : co-pilot , alone at helm of germanwings , began descent manually , `intentionally' .
are we believing nbc calling it for obama !
nbc just called the election for obama !
3 minutes of added tym , d dutch r desperate !
at least will be fresh for the new season if carry on like this !
everybody at school done forgot about st . patrick's day
its st patricks day don't b bored turn up
red card for greece cant see them getting back in it now
not the best start to for the greece goalkeeper , poor positional play .
the republican party is official dead ! and ann coulter is hella mad ahahahahahaha
now obama just needs to win the popular vote to symbolically seal the deal .
mcmicrodesign four aircraft with nepal relief supplies ready at islamabad airport : pm house : isl mcmicrodesign
geonews : four aircraft with nepal relief supplies ready at islamabad airport : pm house
east coast power outages from hurricane sandy reach 8 .l million
wishing our friends and family on the east coast safety and power during hurricane sandy .
watching basketball , listening to the shady showcase at sxsw and playing on tumblr tonight is perfect for my add
photo : ab soul (taken with instagram at fader fort presented by converse )
pub for the match sunday with the babe let the fun times roll
so im putting my money on for who you boys saying ??
oh hey obama rally for obama 2012
has it been 4 years since obama ? wot wot wot feels like yesturday i love obama
you should have arrived in now sandy ? sorry for the late tweet ^rs
you know hurricane sandy is a real slut .
happy st .patrick's day from cavan
happy st patrick's day ! have a one !
wouldn't even call some of them newspapers .
clever on is getting intelligent analysis for on two wise heads .
had to get a shamrock shake for st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day !! harp
u .s. doctor in liberia infected with ebola : an american doctor trying to quell the ebola outbreak in li aizeec
u .s. doctor in liberia infected with ebola : an american doctor trying to quell the ebola outbreak in li
anyone interested in watching sandy live webcam with sound from the statue of liberty
i'm stick of hearing about sandy
cher addresses paris attacks , slams congress as 'gutless': cher has weighed in on the paris t
cher addresses paris attacks , slams congress as 'gutless': cher has weighed in on the p | billboard
goal ! warsaw goes mad ! lovely counter attack from poland sees captain blaszczykowski smashes home the equaliser 1 -1
that was my goal of the tourney so far by .
we pray for those affected by terrorist attacks around the world , and especially those in paris now . __ ()__
absolutely heartbroken after i lost 5 of my bff's in paris attacks !absolutely in tears .prayers goes out to the people in paris
foto : lima , peru : rains of typhoon hagupit flood the philippines . philippines is a economy of fast growth ;
lima , peru : rains of typhoon hagupit flood the philippines . philippines is a economy of fast growth ;
can't take hurricane sandy serious
looks like a hurricane sandy do !
we drinking kraken for this hurricane twerk party !
adam we are having a hurricane twitter party , we want an answer boxed wine or rum and cokes ?
good morning nashville !happy st . patrick's day ! be sure to wear something green today . unless you want to get pinched .
top 'o' the morning to y'all ! happy st patricks day everybody have a good one ! x
thoughts are with france and parisians . don't believe the bullshit . this isn't religion , just needless violence
bbc news - mysterious last tweet before attack
socialite jessie j with party rockers at st . patrick's day parade in philly ! and jfk blvd
happy saint patricks day curt !
middle israel : last tango in paris : like previous palestinian leaders who chose ill-fated alliances
middle israel : last tango in paris : like previous palestinian leaders via
last night , i dreamt that romney won the election and a tsunami hit washington dc
he didn't even raise his hand when the teacher asked who voted . but a month ago you were proud to say romney had your vote . you sad boo ?
i live close to sydney but 2 people are dead and a few seriously injured and they say one of the dead could be the gun man .
disgusting and upsetting scenes in sydney , find all these fucking dirty horrible fuckers .
my thoughts prayers are w / those effected by sandy ..
my book is over due because of sandy
just a lot of pretentious people playing a game i'm my opinion . doesn't mean i don't care about what's happened in boston .
if you've ever been to boston for the marathon , you will know this as a day of joy , celebration and accomplishment . wh
i thought st . patricks day was supposed to be tomorrow oops .
happy saint patrick's day from the crew at freeman's car stereo .
winds are picking up . no bottled water in whole foods . that's saying something because one bottle of water is sold at $2.50 there .
it seems like in the event of a hurricane the last thing you'd need is 150 bottles of water . go outside and open up
come on italy so far i have been russian greek denmark portuguese and italian now i will be irish
that di natale's goal made casillas look stupid
waking up to an earthquake must be scary moment in your life i'm glad eveyone's ok ! happy st'patrick'day !!
anyways off to the st patricks day parade in the city .
wow i was right obama won
just woke up . someone tell me obama won
vodka grape soda . warm 40 s . candle light . apple bongs .
i would like play bo right know !!!!!sandy -.-
tonight's game should be a cracker . i officially can't win this fantasy football thing at work . gutted .
if germany beat italy tonight then winning is inevitable for them .
re canadian soldier shotmilitary member killed by a man who was under surveillance for possible ties .
we hold ottawa in our hearts today , stay safe , stay brave , and stay strong !
seeing pictures of manhattan in the dark is just crazy . manhattan should never , ever be dark .
if was in shoes would he have canceled further campaigning to oversee superstorm activities ?
yall poppin this hurricane up wtf they got names for hurricanes for anyway sandy tho lol wats next spongebob
im home waiting on this hurricane to hit ..
i 3 me some volkswagen commercials
commercials are so funny ! love the camaro , doritos & little boy peeing in pool ;)
french prosecutor confirms co-pilot deliberately crashed plane . and still refusing to give details on the pilot .
crash - snippets of news from the black box made news after 72 hrs . ?? sorry , confidential . bollocks .
currently trending : leprechaun , saint patrick's day , ncaa bracket , nascar , on google search .
leprechaun saint patrick's day ncaa bracket nascar fred phelps march madness b
did itv just switch to adverts during the french anthem ? rudebut come on england
frank ribery is probably the ugliest football player ever !
eerie photos of brussels airport reveal aftermath of terrorist attack :
brussels airport delays reopening , as attacks toll lowered to 32 | via
this ebola case in lagos shouldn't be true else issolova
im panicking about drugs and ebola
mashable news - hurricane patricia disintegrates over inland mexico , but leads to dangerous flooding in texas
in from hurricane patricia disintegrates over inland mexico , but leads to dangerous flooding in texas
rush limbaugh talks hurricane sandy and president obama via melissa stusinski
hopefully all who were affected by the storm sandy are presently safe with their friends families . our thoughts prayers go out to everyone
the whole paris attack makes me feel unhappy and unstable what has the world come to
philippines on full alert ahead of apec summit and after paris attacks - daily mail
michael gove's voice sounds like two hornets fucking in a shoebox
not tonight looks like we are going to bottle this and no is going to win .
as a minor st . patricks day has little appeal
i didnt know it was st patrick's day until i got on twitter .
this tragedy that happened in boston is horrible my thoughts and prayers go out to all of there family's
our thoughts are with those suffering through the tragedy at the boston marathon .
st . patrick's day - happy , green and clean
my way of celebrating st patrick's day is cooking with green plantains
her name is sandy ;) ps . i miss you !
dear hurricane sandy ,i actually enjoy halloween , do u think you could manage not to mess it up this year . thanks .
i would compliment fox for having less sensory overload but their brussels coverage is speculative and fear-mongering , per usual .
so obama speaks in cuba for less than a minute about , jokes around in his speech while brussels burns and america worries .
interesting fuel shortages , power outages hamper sandy recovery - reuters : livemintfuel shortages , pow please rt
interesting : fuel shortages , power outages hamper sandy recovery - reuters : livemintfuel shortages , po please rt
crowds on both govt hq admiralty station sides seem to have merged mt the road next to civic square
the struggle for justice , equality , freedom self-determination is found world over : in , , many places in between .
i doubt these leaks , no indian politician ? maybe our politicians hide it better than others
was utilised to breakdown the info in the - we use it to process large data sets in
wish i was out of the rain watching at
just back from still catching up ! have fun thanks fir thinking of me
wasn't st patricks day yesterday
thank you very much . hopefully , it was a good st . patrick's day for you and everyone else .
again , our latest : protesters protect stores from looters , riots as police hold back .
again , our latest : protesters protect stores from looters , riots as police hold back . vi
the shocking news is the watchmen was a nepali and had his family dead in nepal .
our thoughts and prayers are with nepal x
map of events and chilling , devastatingly sad photographs from paris :
my thoughts are with paris right now . this is traumatic .
any chance we could get rid of the next ?
independent alliance to speak with new tds , via
pet friendly evacuation shelters for hurricane sandy
it's official : evacuation order has been given . should i stay or go ?
obama is stalling this speech like nobody has to go to work tomorrow
mitt romney congratulates barack obama over re-election as us president .in his brief concession speech said
just completed a 1.81 mi run - abbreviated workout due to hurricane sandy . .
i don't really think sandy is going too do no damage though
eight questions still to be answered about man haron monis and the sydney siege : what was his connection to isis , if any ? were the de
eight questions still to be answered about man haron monis and the sydney siege network front | the guardianwh
a week after earthquake , nepal still needs tents and food
a week after earthquake , nepal still needs tents and food [sale ]
quite surprised at the low level of expectation for england's football match v france in later . still , wishing the team good luck !
got to hand it to they manage to fill half an hour without having any actual match footage
new york yankees to donate $500,000 to red cross for hurricane relief
att and t-mobile share networks for post-hurricane cleanup : wireless carriers t-mobile and att announced on t
i'm going to venture to guess that any man named patrick does not appreciate being called patty .
beer-flavored jelly beans will trash your sweet tooth : if you're stuck behind a desk on st . patrick's day ins
breaking update on new nepal earthquake : nepal's home ministry says at least 19 people killed , 981 injured
nepal's home ministry says at least 19 people killed and 981 injured in latest earthquake , reports
hey you know me very adaptable ! lol love a drop of the irish potion after all its for one day only !happy st patricks day !
happy st .patricks day too thank for saying so :-)
st patricks day seems so awesome someone go to ireland with me please
i forgot it was st . patrick's day !! no green on me !
matthew knell : jay-z , a social fridge and cats vs . humans : the best brand activations at sxsw 2012
matthew knell : jay-z , a social fridge and cats vs . humans : the best brand activations at sxsw 2012 : along wi
damn i can't talk on the phone , bad ass reception due to sandy .
it doesn't feel like halloween for ny but we r uniting and telling we are not impressed !
i dislike st patricks day because everyone turns irish for a day
everyones irish on st .patricks day but not the other 364 days of the year
better take advantage of this break because in the tom getting all the calls
wow , intentional grounding safety ?! starting out interestingly
hurricane sandy forces the xx , grimes and more to cancel us shows
music news : hurricane sandy forces the xx , grimes and more to cancel us shows : extreme weather causes more problems
so excited to fly out to next week . you ready ?
jayz performing at monday 7 pm .. awesomeeeee !!!
smh its not even 9 pm and i'm stupid tired !
for the , i'm , for falls count anywhere , i'm .
typhoon hagupit kills 21 in the philippines //pls continue to pray for our 2 missionaries !
typhoon hagupit kills 21 on samar island-philippine - daily times ..
i like how obama be pointing with his fist lol
if obama is blessed enough to be back in office the youth needs to get it together ..he is basically fighting to help
deadly explosions hit us city of boston
explosions : boston globe now reporting 100 hurt . brand new info live on right now . get to a tv .
world - west african authorities adopt common strategy to fight ebola
west african authorities adopt common strategy to fight ebola : accra (reuters) - west africa
israel gives france intelligence on paris attackers : media : israel's spy services are helping france
israel gives france intelligence on paris attackers : media : israel's spy services are helping france investiga
spain 4 -0 italyspain are officially first world and euro champions to win next euro ,
well done spain ! european championship 2012 champions .
major earthquake strikes nepal : a magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes eastern nepal , two weeks after a
major earthquake strikes nepal : a magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes eastern nepal , two weeks after source : bbc
my heart goes out to the people of the great city of new york surrounding areas where is expected to hit . be safe .#sandy
governor malloy really ?? he said that hurricane sandy is the largest threat to human life that connecticut has ever experienced .
in light of the tragic events in boston , the following quote is very appropriate as we must each do our part to
my thoughts and prayers go out to all the people in boston . we need to come together as a nation and take our countr
tropical storm hurricane sandy update
why has ma not been declared a state of emergency yet with this approaching hurricane /tropical storm ?
hurricane sandy pounding the bahamas . sounds like councillor hurricane sandy white pounding fontana . maybe
gm amanda ! hope the hurricane hasn't hit you guys too bad take care .
an c -17 globemaster iii aircraft carrying 285 indian nationals reached palam international airport , new delhi .
praying for all our friends at nepal seeds during this difficult time . you can count on our support .
one million undeclared give the game away ; for better .
not a kilometer . i see the imperial measure hint , pro
two moments land in twitter's record book -
two moments land in record book -
live updates on the sydney hostage situation here :
video via live stream on siege in sydney where hostages have waved an isis flag
praying for all the people affected by the hurricane . this just in
it's not like there's a hurricane about to come your way or anything ha
but could go to if he wanted to . i don't see georgetown not allowing him .
is it a coincidence that 'looters' and 'losers' sound similar phonetically ?
can i vote for obama too please ..i'm old enough i swear !!!!!
i seriously hope you voted for obama .
i'm off to bed do your newest fan proud giants ! i'll watch the highlights or the full show tomorrow afternoon
what did you make for the game ?
no school tomorrow and tuesday ? i'm fucking pissed . dumb bitch sandy has officially ruined spirit week !
work is closed tomorrow already due to sandy
russians march into poland . finds that it's not as easy this time
group b is 100 times stronger than group a
i think russia got this , even tho its in poland , russia are tactically better morr dominent
thought that wolfgang would of given a pen for that given history
mayor bloomberg (a republican ) endorses obama over climate change policies , in the wake of hurricane sandy
ufc fighters regroup after hurricane sandy
the fact that st . patrick's day is on a monday this year sucks
nah it's st . patrick's day
photos of hurricane sandy , en route to 'frankenstorm'
hurricane sandy can blow dese nuts !
proper st patrick's day dinner
it's tradition . happy st . patrick's day !
in brief : us air force aircraft in nepal for relief workkathmandu : five american vertical
brother and sister survivors of the nepal disaster she is two years old and he is four . protecting his sister
i hate those news channels bringing on known islamic extremists to talk about , it's like asking nazis bout killing of jews
first picture inside the blood-stained charlie hebdo newsroom chilling image reveals aftermath of ma : via
happy st patrick's day people of the world !
happy st .patrick's day ! we have a guinness event today :
what is happening ? soldier , security guard shot in parliament hill attack | toronto star
video from shows exchange of gunfire in ottawa parliament building
bountiful prayers go out to boston
hope that all those affected today in boston will be able to find peace and hope and that justice is served to those reaponsible .
this hurricane is gonna be bad .., time to snuggle , by my self , and charge my electronics
if my mom got work tomorrow then i'm going to somebody house , i don't wanna be home alone while sandy doing her t
hurricane sandy's path through portmore
another picture of the damage of hurricane sandy
cheltenham better have off yo where is this fatass bitch sandy
obviously were not gonna have school with a fucking hurricane coming lol fucking dummies
happy st patricks day from nude !!
go green with beer on this st . patrick's day
my shoes came undone , thanks obama
world leaders hail obama victory , pledge cooperation : paris : world leaders on wednesday hailed president barack
belgium charges three men linked to brussels attacks
belgium charges three men linked to brussels attacks : belgian prosecutors have charged thr via
prayers and thoughts go out to those suffering in paris .
they are all human and all died paris / beirut i weep
congrats obama but imma need you to hurry up and make ur speech . cause i am tired . -- i wish i was tired .
about time given all the barack hussein obama .
is it too much to ask to have michael ballack deliver his halftime report shirtless ?
first time i've really seen roy hodgson talk . fills me with confidence that he kind of knows what he's doing .
romney is donating supplies for hurricane sandy to gop swing states only .. so no nj or ny . that's kinda fucked up imo .
i am in the center of the estorm , ohio . bring your cans of creamed corn for the victims of fema
lagos issues ebola alert : the lagos state government yesterday gave some precautionary measures to be taken to
lagos issues ebola alert - the lagos state government yesterday gave some precautionary measures to be taken to pr
mashable :3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines : typhoon hagupit conti
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines - mashable : ma
happy st patricks day rachel all the very best xxx
grumpy butt said happy st . patricks day .
w african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads : health ministers from across western africa will meet to p
w .african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads nations in crisis talks as ebola spre
wow ! -cnn: co-pilot made 'deliberate attempt ' to crash germanwings plane , prosecutor says
anything as to why he would do that yet the co-pilot appears to have deliberately crashed the germanwings plane
i think hurricane sandy hit my room o .o
you can never be wrong ! you weather sandy alright ?
dr martin luther king spoke in st louis long time ago said it's bad only 10 % blacks in state but responsible 4 58 % of the crime
fizzled out , so has moved on to staten island
hurricanes news - remnants of sandy continue to wind down ; the aftermath is far from over -
hurricane sandy delays second gta v trailer
have a fantastic st . patrick's day !!! ~ m
ohhhhhh man . its st . patricks day .((((:
well the world is over as we know it
i love watching th complainers continue to tweet
happy st . patricks day bitches woooo
happy st . patrick's day from spain !
cnn exit polls show a tied race in swing-state virginia : 49 % for both candidates
. cnn's exit polls say obama and romney tied 49 % in virginia .
clip of reporter for itv , reporting outside during the middle of the hurricane in new jersey . are they being serious ??
i was hoping hurricane sandy would save me from raking .
and have all emailed me asking for my vote . where you at ?
pundits opining about antipathy in red states popular vote boost my enthusiasm for return to long beach to vote tomorrow
never mind st patricks day what about this ????
in elementary st patrick's day was a big deal
100 % of the proceeds go towards helping survivors of nepal's earthquake get their basic , urgent needs .
breaking : nepal scrambles to organize quake relief , many flee capital - | search
thoughts are with everyone involved in the attacks in brussels today !
fox panel : brussels attacks show that religious bigotry may be necessary
sydney hostage-taker called himself a cleric -- and had a criminal record - cnn : herald sunsydney
sydney hostage-taker called himself a cleric -- and had a criminal record - cnn : herald sunsydney hostage-taker called himself a cler
hurricane sandy draws strength from global warming
hurricane sandy draws strength from global warming : it was only yesterday when we first reported on how the us e
st patricks day ! an excuse to have a guiness !
yep . taday is st . patricks day .. who knew .
that's not good report : pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash
nyt : one of germanwings pilots locked out of cockpit before cras - boston news , weather , sports
new york city churches marshal sandy relief efforts
hurricane showed u .s. crisis management at its best yet raised questions re : longterm planning via
for anyone asking how can lock the pilot outside the cockpit
germanwings : passengers screamed , pilot pounded on locked cockpit door , as via firstpost
if my wine is in a green bottle does that count for st patricks day ?
what about green ? for st patricks day !
i love this . france are all over them .
cor , we'll take 1 -1 at half time . france took control after levelling . sort it roy .
police say 3 are dead , including the gunman , in sydney hostage crisis - via
police : 3 people killed , including the gunman , in sydney hostage situation .
short and simple winners and losers - the atlantic
it will be fun to watch the guns turn on each other now . real progressive conservatives need to boot the tea baggers out .
just got really uncomfortable watching an interview with a protestor
the phrase a picture is worth a thousand words turns to dollars !! dont u forget it carry ur cellphones
i am browsing [m4.6 - 20 km e of nagarkot , nepal ]. have a look at it !
earthquak in nepal /india/bangladesh.pray for them .
source : darren wilson had a swollen face but no eye socket fracture ! nice try , foxnews . cnn video reports :
central virginia localities armed with similar military-surplus weapons as police . more on at 5 .
here comes sandy . new country but same old hurricanes .
working ? its 630 am here and i'm going to get ready to go watch the jets play in a hurricane
then i will get sandy to throw a sign down your street but it will miss you :d
before i die i want to experience a tornado /hurricane/earthquake idek
anyone who uses the attacks on paris /lebanon/baghdad as an excuse to be islamophobic can block my crumpet ass rn
rip to everyone who died at paris
britons feared among passengers of hijacked egyptair flight : a passenger wearing a suicide b
britons feared among passengers of hijacked egyptair flight : a passenger wearing a suicide belt has hija (tim)
irish for the day , happy st . patrick's day everyone !!!
happy st patrick's day from tops !
happy st . patrick's day , blueclaws fans .
happy st .patrick's day everyone ! be safe out there .
hope all my american friends will be safe and the hurricane won't hit them or their family . stay safe peeps praying for you all
come and protect me from hurricane sandy
look like a leader , get the president obama look !we have a great range and a huge selection of bow ties fit
a song dedicated to the reelection of president obama via
obama did indeed get paul ryan's wisconsin and romney's massachusetts . bad sign when you don't win your own home state
latest ap electoral vote count is 229 for obama , 185 for romney due to obama wins in ca , wa , hi ; romney win in id .
hola ! see this : hurricane sandy lashes bahamas with wind and rain [a link in my bio ]
nice sh *t! hurricane sandy lashes bahamas with wind and rain [a link in my bio ]
did bloomberg have a boner at his hurricane sandy press conference ? [pointed out by julie weiner . really .]
inside looking out for hurricane sandy .
paris news : go keyboard paris :
hi dave , what do you think about paris attacks ?
stay safe people . sad to hear nepal
may allah protect the people of nepal and give them courage to over come the recent devastations ! may allah protect us all !!
bizarre dev .: germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash in france , via
good grief . germanwings pilot locked out of cockpit before plane crash . via
nice double save by the croatian goalkeeper .
pletikosa with two huge saves to keep the croatians level .
hellothere sandy downgraded from hurricane to tropical storm : the u .s. national weather service has down bythere
sandy downgraded from hurricane to tropical storm : the u .s. national weather service has down cray tweets update
please help add a twibbon now !
don't just pray for paris pray for the innocent people who live in fear of attacks everyday
this is a must watchi've got the white president for you !!
//t.co/24dfqbzb: will romney win libertarian vote ?
i don't do parades even if it is st . patricks day
there must be a st .patricks flu going around that i caught between last night and today
lol my bf's been in manhattan since sunday cuz of sandy nd i havent talked to him since yesterday afternoon :(
all strung out on ? you're not alone . so is travolta . in his lamb-wool vest .
the media keeps calling it a dead heatknowing that these das are all for yobama , romney has got this oneso let folks get out and vote !
what would a romney victory mean for the environment ?
i dont know much about soccer but ireland seem to be playing shit !
missed the first half of this match . is ireland one man down ? or just very shit ? or is croatia good ?
had a first-hand experience with police in . his commentary gives us something to think about next on the .
i hear it every nite , another gun fight , the tension mounts - on with the body countshit needs to change pronto
dtn usa : u .s. urges caution while traveling in europe after brussels attacks : washington (reuters) - the state
business finance u .s. urges caution while traveling in europe after brussels attacks : washington (reuters) -
if you're from boston read this and //t.co/jhak60kmrw
fbi boston police investigating boston marathon explosions . witnesses call 1 -800-call-fbi (1-800-225-5324), prompt #3.
all that's missing is sandy by my side ! :p
it's not even raining . sandy , where u at ?
tech news : charlie hebdo will print a million copies of its next edition with government and google help
engadget : charlie hebdo will print a million copies of its next edition with government and google help
60 million people could be affected by sandy . this has never happened before
i hate how dark my room is right now fuck you sandy
topping my tweeted times : terror strikes in paris - the new yorker see more
terror in paris | photo galleries | eugene , oregon
what this hurricane is doing to my hometown
guess the ghostbusters fled new york and came to cali because of the hurricane .
lazy malaysians motoristsdouble parking illegally dail jaya 33, plaza 33 -selangor mbpj fail 2 collect rm2million yearly
any other pictures or is this the only one they can find
can't believe i just found out about sandy this morning .
i don't know about sandy , but hurricane alex is hitting the town hard tonight
37 people killed on irak , 2 on boston . our prayers for all the victims .
i was just in boston last week
seriously calling obama a nigger ? come on now . it's because people like you that are fucking up our country .
s /o to all obama supporters .
morning all . thinking and praying for those dealing with sandy today .
well just like every other hurricane this ones a pussy tooo .
safest , most worry-free commute to work i've had in six years .. as it turns out , we shouldn't be afraid of we should fear each other !
off to ft lauderdale , oddly 1 hurricane-free spot on east coast . best wishes to all in mid-atlantic /northeast.
news : typhoon hagupit is expected to strike philippines - abc news
typhoon hagupit and its potential impact on canada , - via
whoooo soccer !!! let's go germany !!!
dear god , please bless , be with germany make ger win .pls reinforce our belief in d perfection , passion , perseverance penance
abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested
abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested last w ff
that's what's up paris ! hit those motherf ****s!!! obama kiss my ass pussy ass n ***a
despite the rhetoric , the us has been strinking isil targets for some time now . but nowafter paris .it's
breaking : 4 french officials tell ap police questioned , freed fugitive suspect hours after paris attacks (via
and now :paris (ap) -- 4 french officials tell ap police questioned , freed fugitive suspect hours after paris attacks
regardless of what music you like listen to talking about in regards to creativity /music right now lice on npr ..#sxsw
npr music just confirmed they will be putting this online later
mitt romney never expected someone to make this video | (via instapaper )
mitt , ann romney to vote in massachusetts
indystar : just in : statement from idhs on tonight's
paris right now .i have no words
breaking : u .s. marine corps helicopter missing in nepal with 8 people on board (via
bbcbreaking : us marine helicopter missing after , officials say ; 8 people on board
aldubnation let's pray for the sick of the paris !
terrorists staged multiple attacks on citizens of paris , number of innocent victims is shocking . sympathy condolences to the french people .
my deepest condolences for the victims of boston bombing . may them rest in peace .
my prayers go out to all those affected by the bombs that went off in boston
the group of death is finally back in action today
i think we might need 2 goal keepers tomorrow night ! spain will run a muk !
paris the thoughts of all civilians are with you and the perished
pray for paris , their loved ones , and pray for the broken people filled with evil and hate committing these acts .
sending out good thoughts to those in the path of hurricane sandy be safe
at somebody making a hurricane sandy page ..smh
czech pull one back ..off a beautiful sweeping move . 2 -1
goal for czech republic ! pilar pulls one back , still 2 -1 russia .
saddens my heart to catch up on world news read that 900 + people have passed away from the earthquake in nepal
my heart goes to everyone who is affected by . stay strong !
and yes we are .! amen ! happy st . patrick's day ! outta heretime for some greens !
people who bitch about st patricks dayfuck off . i'm just trying to have beers with my friends and enjoy life .
hurricane sandy could cause a spike in business for water restoration companies on the east coast
hurricane sandy update : 50 percent of jps customers still without power
breaking : french prosecutors : suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in police raid , confirms
suspected mastermind of paris terror attacks , abdelhamid abaaoud , was killed in wednesday's raid , prosecutor confirms
is going on and you're on wrestling ? you're better than that .
crazy eddie memoirs : gratified that i was laundering money thru panama while theses clowns were in diapers .
at least 40 killed in three attacks in paris : shootings and explosions at restaurant , concert hall and stadium
i have just tears for what is happening now in paris .
via : sxsw 2012 : why austin's film fest tops all others : south by southwest was created for 'real movie fans
divert's gist :::: sxsw 2012 : why austin's film fest tops all others : south by southwest was created for 'real mo
so much happening for st . paddy's day weekend . what are you doing ?!
is today st . patrick's day ?or nah ?
we are so glad poppo is here ! happy st . patricks day !
happy st . patricks day ! yeah !!! the pirates are going all the way this year !!!
nepal earthquake : santa monica-based filmmaker among the dead : news reports say that tom taplin was
nepal earthquake : santa monica-based filmmaker among the dead : news reports say that to
lol it would suck if the hurricane came while everybody out partying .. lol
this weds-hoff and g . saylor opposing coacheshci alumsin a hurricaneomens abound .
lol yes the hurricane it's on it's save i need someone to save me .
. raises a fair point in that we should start naming hurricanes after fictional characters ie hurricane spongebob
hurricane sandy aftermath : anger grows at recovery efforts , especially outside manhattan
hurricane sandy aftermath : anger grows at recovery efforts , especially outside manhattan : new york , nov 2 (reuters) - frustration gre
nasri with the equalizer right before half time . so far a very entertaining game .
france has regained control momentum .
wishing everyone a happy fun st . patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day from phi delta epsilon !
1 word , obama ! that's all i gotta say lol
how will the election of president obama affect the continent of africa ?
we win with our dramatic story but its so much fun ! we beat the storm so its all good ! we survived sandy !
caused $30 billion in damages across the east coats
lescott gets first ever england goal !! england 1 - 0 france . great delivery from gerrard .
yes !! what a goal !! get in there england !!
bit of classic london footage on this flashback to st patrick's day , 1988 .
happy st patricks day ! aka the day i'm going to chew everything i can get my chops around !
[election ] obama's probability of winning over 60 % -
they also show obama winning the electoral college .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pd3h93qzeu
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ft7g6u4u1k
i want to hold a charity event for the victims of hurricane sandy . if anyone has any ideas or would like to help please let me know .
we are thinking of our colleagues who are cleaning up in the aftermath of hurricane sandy .
a good first half by poland marred by awful refereeing
my 2 nd game pick will be russia +155.. lets get this poland win as well 0 -0-0
happy st . patrick's day ! image via
love this recipe !! delicious ! happy st patrick's day !
: high alert in delhi after sydney hostage crisis : the police may position their swat personn
isbpl : high alert in delhi after sydney hostage crisis : the police may position their swat personnel and
soar throat and it's cold and windy . i hate you
tla offices will be closed again today . if you called or e-mailed with a cust service question , we will get to you asap tomorrow !
it's st . patrick's day !! luck is on my side !
happy st patricks day to you too . xxx
i thought england did good
great result for england . got enough quality to beat sweden and ukraine . no team in euro looks head and shoulders above others .
top ebola doctor in sierra leone contracts virus amid outbreak : the head doctor fighting an outbreak
check it out !: top ebola doctor in sierra leone contracts virus amid outbreak
you gotta admit , this is pretty baller hitting on a monday , giving people days off and shit
the amount i've eaten today is disgusting . but if sandy kills me i wanna die happy
what are you all doing for st . patrick's day today ?
happy st . patrick's day ! let's have a green mystery photo to honor the occasion . any idea where this is in north
st patricks day just happens to also be
honestly fuck st . patrick's day .
how not to politicize a natural disaster : given the severity of hurricane sandy , the expansive nature
how not to politicize a natural disaster : given the severity of hurricane sandy , the expansive
memo shows brussels attacks came after belgian government said they were making progress
mail memo shows brussels attacks came after belgian government said they were making progress against isis
mt : update - officers involved in springfield shooting are cleared
waaaaa rumah you shooting apa ?
obama says to hold whoever behind boston explosions accountable : u .s. president barack obama delivers a statem
my thoughts go out to boston ..what a tradegy
. about to go live in copley square in boston for
d .c.-area runners reflect on a tragic marathon day in boston
we'd like our fans to know that what we do radio has pledged $1,800 to hurricane sandy and all the victims in nyc .
forcing all of my friends to donate to the red cross with me !!! 3 to everyone affected that still need help (lots do !)
happy st patrick's day ! we love to see you wear green today .
happy saint patrick's day , bby theo ! love you :**
msn mocks romney for campaigning during sandy . i wonder if they had a problem with obama going to vegas while bengha
nycdot truck submerged at battery park underpass .
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! '' i'm not even irish ''
she was like i don't do anything on st patrick's day i'm not irish . bitch none of us are
happy st . patrick's day and welcome home !!
everyone's tweeting about their big st . patricks day plans , and i'm just here like
commercials were for the most part . it's a sorry excuse for advertisers to be raunchy .
does any one know when is the replay for the ?
obama rallies with 20,000 in iowa on eve of election day (audio)
radioiowa : obama rallies with 20,000 in iowa on eve of election day (audio): the jousting to personal
isbpl : egyptair hijacking not related to terror , says cyprus president : it's not clear how many people r
egyptair hijacking not related to terror , says cyprus president : it's not clear how many people remain on boar
ebola is nothing to play with and having learned about it during the last significant outbreak , we should ready ourselves .
asshole , hope ebola comes to you !
its so sad fr us nd i will pray fr
at 6 am - aftershocks continue following . more than 100 tremors in last 48 hours have made it difficult for rescue workers .
sleep !!! good night ! my prayers go to the east coast of usa . residence )
did you know water damage insurance claims now outpace fire claims in canada ?
still being shared on facebook right now ! well said g s must be proud of you {^_^}
world news : indonesia urges greater se asian cooperation to foil paris-st
bbc news : missing us helicopter found in nepal : wreckage found of us military helicopter which went missing af
missing us helicopter found in nepal : wreckage found of us military helicopter which went missing af
not only praying for paris but praying for this sick world .. god we need you
so sad , and such a tragedy ! praying for paris . my heart goes out to the victims .
what do you hear from friends threatened by hurricane sandy ?share their stories here on patch . read their
but my tears could've beat hurricane sandy like you actually don't even know
mitt romney's real name is willard . how do you get mitt out of willard . ?
election's gonna be so close and will morph into a decepticon wreaking havoc on the streets !
boost patrick .beverley dunks on 2 k .since he dunked on .bosh
patrick beverley just dunk on chris bosh
how obama turned data into victory
i would love to see some data on gdp of states that voted for obama versus states that voted for romney .
obama is back for another 4 years :) get in there
obama , yes ! and the world is right again (well for next 4 years )
have yet to see a convincing argument on how islam is a religion of peace and do not involve islam and jihad doctrine .1000 yrs
i grieve for the families of those killed in paris ! for the attackers i will not give them a second of anger that's what they want
oh my god prayers for paris stay strong may god send his blessing to its people's .my heart gose to you may god bless you
paris , you're loved ! thoughts and prayers with you and people affected !
juandisay : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
shericardo : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
this is how cartoonists are showing their solidarity with charlie hebdo victims | globalpost via
in trying to murder charlie hebdo , the islamist terrorists have made charlie hebdo immortal .
happy st patrick's day to anyone who is irish or is called patrick :)
happy st .patrick's day everyone especially
cnn usnews : will you be able to vote next tuesday ? despite sandy , probably so : widespread damage in the east fro
us will you be able to vote next tuesday ? despite sandy , probably so : widespread damage in the east from supe us
i just found out obama won like i'm late ! lol .
da only way obama can lose i'd if he runs against a rasta man .that's a race worth watching da speech's wud be to live
pat on the back to scotland though ! turnout was amazing , passions were obviously stirredsomething our own elections lack !!#indyref
so i'm confused , am i supposed to love or hate now ?
live with in studio to talk all the latest with .
..jahrelief 2 paris city 4 d tragedy seen .weshallovercome!
i cannot believe what is happening in paris . why are we letting our world get this way ?
several dozen killed in violence around paris , hostage-taking in theatre [photos] [video]
kya barkha , please don't waste time on such stories ,talk about ebola virus , what is govt doing to prevent it from coming to india !
so there's ebola in east africa right now ?
obama has been re-elected and they need to get over it !
ya know what maybe school should be closed tomorrow just so i don't have to listen to all of pb complain about obama winning .
military equipment wrong response , says ex-chief who handled st . pete riots via
eric holder psychologically unfit 2 b head of us law enforcement . paranoid w /cop angst (hidethebong)
my heart goes out the everyone who was affected at brussels airport
thoughts go out to those at the brussels airport
well if ne doesn't care about properly playing or winning the then why should their fans care about watching it . stopped watching
gronk !!!!!!!!!!! ya baby ! changing the momentum of this game !
some of my favourites . (always proud to see them represent us ). happy st . patrick's day wherever you are .
happy st patricks day wear green or get pinched
newtown families encounter tragedy again at boston marathon : families affected by sandy hook elementary shooting organized group to r
national news : newtown families encounter tragedy again at boston marathon : families affected by sandy ho
wohoooo obama , best news to wake up to , i was gettiny scared that mitt would win and then america would be like egypt now
how can anyone dislike obama !
people walking off helicopters , plane on the runway at lukla . lots of people watching but no real information .
aftershock felt at 9 :07 am . jolts canbe felt for 72 hours of the firstquake .
happy st . patrick's / paddy's day its not patty's day get it right peeps !!!
ireland 2010 . happy st . patrick's day !
beauty of a goal by postiga !! up 2 -0. :)
hmm both of portugal's goals have come from near-post runs . denmark might wanna fix that in the 2 nd half .
business software : four more years ! president obama re-elected : president barack obama won a second ter appcraft
four more years ! president obama re-elected : president barack obama won a second term in office tuesday night , d
you know the hipsters are like when this shit calms down we in there .
i'm prepared to share a bus with others who wish to travel to .
winners ' films debuting at ! watch : rt 2 enter 4 a $25 subway card &tshirt
newhouse students headed to sxsw for break
bruce springsteen's sxsw 2012 keynote speech via
art is liberation via bruce springsteen's sxsw 2012 keynote speech
my heart hurts so much for nepal .
lincoln report (nepal update : quake's death toll rises ; u .s. chopper still missing )
hahahhaha that m &m's commercial is just to funny ! lmao
absolutely loved the m &ms commercial !
strickland : romney doesn't understand : fmr . ohio governor ted strickland talks to cnn's piers m
strickland : romney doesn't understand : fmr . ohio governor ted strickland talks to cnn's piers morgan about ohio and the candidates ' c
hope everyone is doing ok from hurricane sandy
source marketing direct : dear customers , sandy hit . now what ?
all that time on a mattress must be awful on your back ! did barack keep you supplied with contraceptives ?
just been watching the news ; it's unreal how much swag obama has . he's so cool . i wish david had swag like him .
president rouhani strongly condemns brussels bombings : via
my pleasure and know that we stand with you and your pain is all of our pain also . i pray for you and peace b
first-person account of sandy hospital evacuation for cancer patient with recent liver transplant : in the nyt's live-blog of hurrican
what is internet ?: first-person account of sandy hospital evacuation for cancer patient with recent
good night , paris . we all love you .
evil will always stalk amongst the many that are goodwhat happened in paris was madness
long road ahead for sandy-battered areas despite signs of progress - brisbane time
long road ahead for sandy-battered areas despite signs of progress - news
happy st patricks day to my late nanny maura grandad john smith
on my adventures in my life , i discovered that a pint of guinness outside of ireland will always be rank
packing my green attire for st . patrick's day tomorrow
the only green thing i own is my st . patricks day sleeping boxers
at the liquor store . whys it so busy ?
hurricane is expected to bring high winds for 12 hours in pa . good to prepare for things to move , trees to fall , and power outages
gods not on twitter stop tweeting and instagraming boston and go do something or actually prey
so sad about what happen in boston :(
sandy's impact : state by state - eye opening numbers .
hurricane sandy : emergency response with data analysis
i'd volunteer to go to paris right now
i'm french tonight . # je suis paris
how did you get to brussels so quickly with transport to brussels at a standstill ? just a query :)
brussels -- official : death toll in brussels rises to 34 after islamic state attacks on airport , metro .
he didn't even know about the robbery it had nothing to do with the incident at all !! he was just harassing them !
really wish the drummers would please stfu so the protesters can learn non-violent means to protest
thoughts and prayers to new york and all in sandy's path !
prayers for the families in hoboken nj .hurricane sandy hoboken nj on-going evacuation - youtube
so what happens if both obama and mitt romney draw evendoes that mean two presidents ??!.just saying :p
obama administration hid secret meetings with iran from israel via
happy st . patrick's day ! working at the bar today . so i expect my day to be similar to .
we want to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !
the never disappointing front page of america decides : first votes cast , mitt battles on , obama goes home
make sure u press first then select the rest of ur vote
fcc : hurricane sandy has knocked out 25 percent of all cell towers , cable services in 10 states : julius genach
this hurricane has taught me how to wake up early and talk to god ..blessing in the mist of a storm
9 months from now there are going to be a ton of babies
yes , i'm fine . in long island waiting out .
obama dances while brussels burns : barack ignores calls to come home in wake of terror attacks as he a
obama dances while brussels burns : barack ignores calls to come home in wake of terror at via
and for whoever was wondering , is a boy that was a very oversmartass overtake move .
brother , god be with you ! yarab keep him safe
online outcry prompts reversal on margate bridge tolls : before sandy walloped the jersey shore
online outcry prompts reversal on margate bridge tolls : before sandy walloped the jersey shore thi
our thoughts go out to all those affected by the ottawa shooting
sargent at arms in canada should get a medal ,calmly walking with his gun to find the terrorist who shot the soldier ,then shot the terrorist
this is beautiful . we are all behind you stands right with u
please inform cdns on details of proposed security screening protocol .
another earthquake in nepal . kills over 50 people
another nepal earthquake hits--at least 37 dead , according to officials :
all indications that spec forces have conducted op at or
just watched 2 vans of raid roll in and less than 10 mins later they attack french special forces do not fuck around !
happy st patrick's day to all our irish friends relatives !
happy st patricks day gorgeous :-) xxx
strategies for coping with disaster : many may never completely recover from hurricane sandy's
strategies for coping with disaster : many may never completely recover from hurricane sandy's psycho
save children - -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/be9hnujnet
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/smos5ezqru
npr audio : on this week's episode of barbershopwe discuss hurricane sandy and upcoming electionlisten here :
touched by the coverage of sandy on your live show . then to shake off some of the sadness i watched reruns of the ridiculist !!
city's irish catholics celebrate st . patrick's day with mass at st . patrick's cathedral : irish catholic
it is pool league night for me . happy st . patrick's day ! billiards )
all of the gunshot wounds were survivable except the one through the top of the head
all gun shot wounds were survivable except for the one to the head .
it starts tomorrow but i am struggling to get excited about
if you going to warsaw by car - read this :
did the wapo's jennifer rubin us the boston explosions to make a point about abortion ?
people make me sick to my stomach man , i think of my kid everyday when shit like this happens
new york's cuomo to ask washington to cover sandy storm costs - reuters : daily mailnew york's cuomo to ask washington to cover sandy
new york's cuomo to ask washington to cover sandy storm costs - reuters : daily mailnew york's cuomo to ask washi
menino : we grieve for our neighbors , but we know our heroes also . boston must pull together and continue to help each other .
my prayers are with those in the boston marathon .always be reminded that as we run the marathon of life we have to pray for others everyday
lets see what conspiracies come out of the boston bombing
boston bombing .it may not be what you think .
yes congrats in deed . that other guy was . not so good :3 (yay obama :d )
idek you like that but stfu . you said who ever voted for obama is either on food stamps or not white .. #r
bge readies 3,000 workers as hurricane sandy approaches maryland (bizjournals): share with friends : | | busine
racking on up on 6 packs for hurricane sandy lets go !!
thanks to the pat kenny newstalk team for the interview with nhe author daniel hannan this morning .
given that uk wd continue to participate in eu business aside from w /drawal negs , what if is agreed before a deal finalised ?
hey - profiting from human misery is not on . it's time to get out of manus nauru
hey transservices - profiting from human misery is not on . it's time to depart from manus and nauru
can ebola outbreak be stopped ?: african ministers and health experts are meeting with one thing on their minds : how to stop the bigge
followme can ebola outbreak be stopped ?: african ministers and health experts are followme
i do it for the coronas not st patricks day
happy st . patricks ' day from the danes :
damn didn't we see this ages ago ?
madonna looks like she-rain all the right ways .
i'm wearing an iowa shirt today happy st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day to you all ! hope you have a good one !
if i live in paris i'd be so sick and tired of living in fear
can't believe what's going on in paris again !! this needs to stop !
balotelli looks like he is about to go postal
i wonder who or what balotelli was blaming for his failure to score when he got onto the bench
hurricane sandy , steve jobs , and a123 systems [plz rt ]
hurricane sandy , steve jobs , and a123 systems : filed under : energy news
wtf ? rally in peshawar celebrates charlie hebdo attackers
charlie hebdo forgive the terrorists and those behind them-but i do not and neither should any self-respecting human .
6 liverpool players in the england squad only 1 should be in the starting 11 gerrard and only cos lampard is injured !
what's micah richards done wrong ?
of course a hurricane had to be on this weekend out of all of them
im more worried about than the hurricane ..is that bad ? o .o seriously tho , i cant sleep ! i need to know something . arrghhhh !
we are raising $25,000 to help with the current ebola crisis and to regroup once we determine the risks to staff are over .
remarkable ebola recovery rate in north guinea town puzzles experts - interesting ! cc
damn , nepal is going through it right now
( ) global effort to help nepal earthquake victims intensifies : global effort to ( )
david beckham wants me to wear his underwear
just what alcohol fueled guys want to see david beckham naked
march madness at the bars , unless an individual or a species is sufficiently organised . montrouge
i've been asking about security for . he's suspended promotion of his new book .
the victims of those in are the same as those in syria , in iraq , pakistan , palestine , and in other places in the planet earth .
have you been watching the news out of paris ? who else has suicide bombers so happy 2 die ?
hee ! happy st patrick's day dad !
happy st patricks day to all the irish folk all over the world especially to both of you :d
fresh off the boat (or outta the van ) from , at
fresh off the boat (or outta the tour van ) from , at echo
the only good thing about this is that women are still allowed to vote .
bout to go vote with my booooo thang !! yaaa hearddd !!
gary rothfeld md hurricane sandy grounds thousands of flights - abc news : forbeshurricane sandy grounds thousands of fli baltimore md
gary rothfeld md hurricane sandy likely to make landfall near atlantic city - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy likely t baltimore md
boston , you are in our prayers ! so sad
i hope everyone affected in boston is alright and they who dies ,wish god give them better place
st . patrick's day easter cute yummy treats
happy st patrick's day everybody be careful out therefrom your sicilian (mostly) and palestinian friend
paris was the most recent attack but , remember that is not only them
first attacker from paris carnage identified from severed finger found at concert hall where 89 wer
i had been waiting to see this sometime soon
death toll over 7000 . friend from nepal guesses this could be as high as 15000 with monsoon disease . worries over aid
go vote , not for what you believe in but for obama . ;)
i hope these nicki fans don't vote for romney tomorrow !!
world condemns brussels bombings as strike on european democracy : bruxelles , belgium : world leaders united tue
world condemns brussels bombings as strike on european democracy : bruxelles , belgium : world leaders united tuesday in condemning the
no but seriously pretty excited about st . patrick's day . i'm 1 /56th irish .
oh it's st . patricks day today oh hi
kudos to the hackers who revealed the the journo's who are parsing it all . a veritable roadmap of int'l corruption .
nah , it's diversion 101 : never talk about your own failings .
ff facebook users donate $10 million to nepal quake survivors : facebook users have r via
facebook users donate $10 million to nepal quake survivors : facebook users have raised $10 mi
would rather have sergio pizzorno than samaras on the greek side
why i came to home when greece scored and takes remis ???!!! urghhh ! i'm mad now d :
mornin happy st patrick's day y'all !!!make it a good one !
happy st patrick's day - / img : scyrene
happy st . patricks day ! now this is a monday we can look forward to . lol
happy st patricks day have a shiny one !
think i've just spotted a couple of familiar faces in the crowd
no one can match pirlo in this episode on playing the tempo .
breaking news : us presidential election results 2012 : obama getting back to work after election victory
tsk she should have gone for barack and obama
wearing my kilt because i can and it's awesome !!!!!!!! happy st patricks day !!!!!!!!
happy st . patrick's day , remember your green !
thank you , for representing our town well .
why was it good 4 in 2011 but bad 4 now 2 pause not play
what even is st . patrick day lol
it's st patrick's day . why is there school ?
panama fl is a long way from my town of
ambulances ems on stby at chambersw-florissant ; workers say so far not needed
to all those in the path of hurricane sandy - hang in there .
trying to reason with hurricane season jimmy buffett
search intensifies for pa . gunman who killed 6 : a former marine is being sought in the shooting deaths of six
sydney will be forever changed by this truly horrifying
i guess youre afraid to make a hurricane joke . that or you couldnt think of one that didnt blow .
the hurricane need to hurry up come . so i can relax thru it
it would be all the food i ate tonight .
shout out to the dancin dolls of southern university marching band for performing at half time of . !
read my us election blog here - sandy has changed the terms of the us debate via
google posts new images of hurricane sandy superstorm devastation via
nepal wasnt even expecting for something like that
all my condolences go out to the victims and families of the nepal earthquake . stay strong nepal .
there should be more st patricks days in the parliament - it's the day we get to see barnaby joyce in a greens tie
but why don't we have saint patrick's day off ugh
great . just what we need ; dispensing misinformation .
dtn indonesia : sydney gunman details spark urgent review : abbott reveals monis held firearms licence while on
torres hat rick and spain to win 4.0
first arshavin , then shevchenko and now torres . under performed in pl now shining in euros . henderson hat trick tomorrow night ???
who made those terrible things at boston ???
form a corp will donate 50 % to families of victims in boston . vote share . beantown , a much loved city people .
lol their having a sale downtown at the liquor store due to the hurricane welp where are my keys ?
i wish i would see a tweet about somebody wanting to cuddle during the hurricane _
i never go to a party to watch the game lol .
not watching the for the game , lol only for those amazing commercials .
death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm : the number of new cases and deaths i
(#fernandomvp_) death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm : the number of ne (#fernandomvp_)
shooting eyewitness at ottawa shooting scene suspect drove away in car on parliament grounds
watching the news coverage from ottawa and hoping my friends on parliament hill are safe . hoping the soldier pulls through .
'hopeful': american doctor with ebola in africa now stable : an american doctor infected with the dead
[nbcnews] 'hopeful': american doctor with ebola in africa now stable : an american doctor infected with the dea
nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing us marine helicopter in mountains . via
breaking : nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter in mountains
how sweet ! i love sandy
go stand outside and see how long it takes for sandy to blow you away c :
all gobbled up ! happy st patricks day to you !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! we hope you've had a brilliant weekend .
is it just me or are there no images of destruction on its path through the caribbeancuba , jamaica and suchnot on tv or print
feds vow support in ct following sandy - weston-redding-easton , ct patch
bless you yes , fuck them .
not trying to take away from the paris tragedy but showing support for france only really underlines that only the west matters in fb's eyes
happy st . patrick's day ! o'sullivan's is the place to be today !
happy st . patrick's day everyone (even the pretend irish !)
to everyone on our page would you like to see the hurricane updates ?if so please let us know the areas as we have
we are open limited hours during hurricane sandy please call us for detail 781 -321-6810
happy st . patrick's day to you too , have a great and wonderful day ! xxx
happy st patrick's day from scp !!
thank you kelsie ! happy st patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day in the green room
lick it ! analysis : jilted africa cool to u .s. vote after obama fever fades [a link in my bio ]
read this ! analysis : jilted africa cool to u .s. vote after obama fever fades [a link in my bio ]
gonna be a great final !!spain vs italy
for tonights final between spain and italy !!!
bruce jenner seems like a lifetime ago and it's only been a few days . between nepal , baltimore and scotus ssm , it's been a busy weekend .
and at the same time : nepal rejects taiwanese offer of rescue help , but accepts medical aid -
it's st . patrick's day ! why not visit the emerald isle ? we have hotel rates from eur 79 .
work on st patricks day ? x
our deepest thoughts and prayers with all of paris
thank you so much for your words , matt ! i think we are really shocked here . paris never lived such a horrible thing since 1955 .
the best part about still not having power post hurricane sandy is that we get to have great conversations with
so out of whack from not having a schedule since this hurricane hit , i don't even know what day it is .
obama said i own dese bitches
the muslim brotherhood's esam el-erian gets my award for most intriguing response to obama's victory via
st patricks day is so boring unless your old enough to spend the day in pub or young enough to run around the streets with foam
happy st . patrick's day ! a fabulous day to start off the week ! meeting ladylike love bridal styling accessories
i added a video to a playlist arena bishes 2072 01 03 army nd karagar gate final , nepal army ,
nepal quake death toll tops 4,000 as villages plead for aid : as the death toll from nepal's deva via
praying for peace and safety for everyone in paris
prayers to paris for the horrible example of inhumanity that took place . i pray for love 2 overcome the hatred that is manifesting around us
after 13 hour shift , sandy , a nap and coming home to no power
man u tellin me !? u preach'n to da pastor pimp'ndas last week's sermon
lol at mitt romney not conceding the elections lol he wants a recount
with colorado , iowa , and nevada , obama doesn't even need ohio or florida or va . amazing fail by gop .
i'm not american but i'm voicing my opinion vote obama
if romney gets presidency , i feel sorry for america
italy making it look so easy ..defo a win here . don't see the germans coming back .
italians know how to park the bus
w . african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads members of doctors without borders (msf) take a break outsi
can we discuss ----. w african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads
i guess we to old for st patricks day
have a good st .patricks day on raw
seriously we are watching the right ? c'mon patriots let's do it !
from the sidelines by social media in sports
love to all families involved in the brussels airport and metro station attack . absolutely disgusting .
looking at coverage of brussels can't help but think about turkey's crackdown on media following similar attacks
hamas official says after at israeli ground offensive in gaza we are ready to fight with israel
where are you shameless arab kings .nd other muslim countries .. allah plz send ur army of unseen to help gaza people .
happy st . patrick day ! why do we have school
happy st . patrick's day all the way from dublin !! have a great day :)
thank you tai you in jers ?? everything good wit you up there wit sandy and all that ?
yeaa , sandy need to comee thru onee moree timee knock down jm
the guardiantropical storm hagupit wreaks havoc in philippines , killing at least 27 the guardianfilipinos
tropical storm hagupit wreaks havoc in philippines , killing at least 27 : nearly 1.7 million
next person i know that marks themselves safe from the nepal earthquake is gonna regret it
i'm really glad to see all of my facebook friends are safe from the nepal earthquake .
please all people to pray for nepal .
we will pray for nepal , hope all will get better soon .!!
jetro willems (18 thn ) tertua : van bommel (35 thn ) usia rata 2 : 27,13 thn
*belanda* termuda : jetro willems (18 thn ) tertua : van bommel (35 thn ) usia rata 2 : 27,13 thn
;lady's you always look classy in any colors you wear !you are ,our miami pride happyst .patricks day
$10bratshh beer , all day happy hour , and it's st . patrick's day ?? what a monday . swags green things starts at 3 !
are you celebrating st . patrick's day early this weekend ? we are too , come join the party tonight !
2 things jay . stopped drinking last st . patrick's day . so don't be ignorant . also , tiger is done like dinner . he is breaking down .
randall terry airs graphic , anti-muslim ad against obama in pennsylvania
if obama dont win this electionall hell will for sure break loose .
have a great st patrick's day love !
i feel like everyone's birthday is on st patricks day
music jc brooks and the uptown sound , sweeeet gritty soul , bloodshot records day party -- definite highlight !!
at sxsw kick off party gettin ready to go on . if your in austin texas then join us .
am i the only person who doesn't give a shit about st . patrick's day ?
i must be the only person who legit doesn't care about st . patrick's day lol
tourists on 'mystery cruise ' since hurricane sandy - ctv news -
praying for the people who are caught in hurricane sandy
gutted for ronaldo and co . eventhough i just started watching the game from extra time onwards .
but for real , good game spain , go get the title back again , don't let those dirty germans /italians take it away
dear sandy , you were not nice to us long islanders ! i been in dark too long n i can't shower god bless the ppl who are in worse situations
hafta give it to obama and christy not letting politics get in way of their jobs . sandy caught romney off gard , didnt know what 2 do or say
wait . did i miss st . patrick's day ?
who wants to go to the st patricks day parade with me monday ?!?
holy shit , arsenal . so busy worry about the hurricane i missed an insane match . all i can say is wtf ?!
sandy's lesson - govt matters ! sometimes only govt can help we need effective govt . btw which candidate run
i love how players always walk out onto the field holding the kids ' hands . lucky children
yes ! and despite my better judgment , i'm sticking with spain , who i chose at start of which i will probably regret !
dr yewande adeshina : liberian man having ebola virus currently at a private hospital in lagos
the ebola virus-tips on how to avoid it (must read ) via
happy st . patrick's day ! if you want to see the rainbow , you first need to get outside !
happy st patrick day , go get drunk
nepal officials confirm death toll from earthquake has reached at least 688 - via
nepal toll reaches 688 : home ministry official
tens of thousands flee israeli raids on gaza
tens of thousands flee raids on , 213 dead via
romney bout 2 become an alcoholic and suffer from depression haha fuck em
we got da same attitude smh
more updates truly awful sight . kathmandu's darbar square , a
vultures like are readying themselves to feast on the carcasses and those dying in nepal .
happy st .patricks day from your fave dark irish lass !!!!!!xoxoxoxo xxx :)
happy st . patrick's day from vrc
it's thought more people have been allowed to leave a hijacked egyptian plane , forced to land in cyprus .
rtenews : tv footage shows five people leaving hijacked plane in cyprus
reuters top news belgian police carry out brussels raids related to paris attacks
business finance belgian police carry out brussels raids related to paris attacks : brussels (reuters) - belg
ecuador death toll tops 500, correa ponders financing
death toll tops 500, rafael correa ponders financing
just having a laugh swings i'm sure obama s not arsed about you and me x
what if i complain to obama lets see what he does about this
more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy : twitter released a series of fasc
mashable : more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy
what was your experience with st . patrick's day this year ?
corned beef is cooking , keg is tapped , tables are set for saint patrick's day dinner .
it's like the portals of hell have opened into lahore and islamabad . this has been a bloody sunday .
pakistan : breaking u /d: jamaatul ahrar , splinter group of pakistani taliban , claims responsibility for lahore suicide attack - nbc news
do you have a medical team fully contained financed ready to deploy to ?contact at j
how you can help the survivors of the earthquake .
you are so special for all fans ! happy st patrick's day :) love u theo
st . patrick's day 2014 with my day one mediterranean square irish pub restaurant
people police searching for gunman in pennsylvania shooting spree : the man is suspected of killing people in n
police searching for gunman in pennsylvania shooting spree : the man is suspected of killing people in neighbor
now ain't nobody even thinking about the lmao
enough about now its all about vs , i say its bigger than the bowl its a massive game for the top 4 lego
lmao , no really hurricane sandy is going to hit us hard .
sandy look like me in the mornings ,lol.
got too much family in ny for sandy to be on that bullshit yo
the hurricane on my birthday dats some shit
happy st . patrick's day , dragons ! //t.co/gyhdamlise
happy st patricks day to any and all of our irish followers !
happy st . patrick's day ! celebrating in phnom pehn , cambodia of all places !
happy st patrick's day ! //t.co/jarwlqk7sj
in a rare twist , the nyt has to explain why they were late to something on other pubs ' front pages
what does the super rich , world leaders and criminals have in common ? secrecy . they're tax dodgers hiding billions offshore .
so proud to be able to say i'm irish ! happy saint patricks day everyone !
happy saint patricks day my leprechaunsss
[bbc news update ] us storm sandy toll close to 100 - the death toll from storm sandy rises above 90, as us east coas
bbc uk edition us storm sandy toll close to 100 - the death toll from storm sandy rises above 90, as us east c
heroic display by the people of hong kong
stand your ground hong kong !
bless soul . w / , , , et al , he still thinks to add chopsticks to his state dinner .
reports landslide buries remote trekkin village in latest tragedy
my thoughts go out to the people held hostage in sydney right now
islamist militants take hostages in sydney cafe , display black jihadist flag - rt :
trending gifts : i survived hurricane sandy frankenstorm t shirt
trending gifts : i survived hurricane sandy tshirts
hi there beautiful ! happy st . patrick's day ! :-)
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! what's on the menu tonight ?
i hope the freaking french players are watching all of the italian players sing theit anthem . you're a shame for my country
the music they play when the teams come out onto the field italy its ours let's goo !!
arbor ridge k -8 school polls are in . obama 260 / romney 160 . i wanted balloons too when i voted .
i'm losing it . gonna be a long night .
i will be hosting my own halloween parade might just be me , my dog , and my boyfriend in costume
out my windowthe calm after the storm . koch queensboro bridge
boston was terrible , but i'm sending my prayers out to the rest of the world tooit's all equally important !
i fell so bad for every one that got heart in boston today
classic st patrick's day shirt
in 7 th grade i wore green on saint patricks day and someone asked me if i was irish , i said yes and convinced myself i was (i'm not )
are people freaking stupid ? mitt romney is not going to ban freaking birth control !!! he's going to stop government funding for it ! sheesh !
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! aha watch , mitt romney gone win y'all gone be salty .
here we go ..dollar falls as obama win paves way for monetary easing
i voted for romney but i'll take obama . i'm not complaining .
3 nd year attendees pick up your sxsw three-peat badges !
: 3 nd year attendees pick up their sxsw three-peat badges
woke up in a good mood the i realized obama was still our president
smiling because we woke up and obama is still our president !
happy st . patrick's day ! at today's
it is a little chilly out today but still it is beautiful . happy st . patrick's day everyone .
mixtape mondays : diplo , waajeed , dj marsellus wallace : my fellow east coasters , i know hurricane san
mixtape mondays : diplo , waajeed , dj marsellus wallace : my fellow east coasters , i know hurricane sandy is causin
who cares bout st .patricks day
happy st patrick's day to u as well :)
there is a woman in kenya who gave birth to twins today and she named one barack obama and the other mitt romney .
if one more person says im racist because im anti obama , im gonna kick their teeth down their throat .
is gonna be here monday and tuesday and talk about lots of rain heavy winds worst in hurricane irene that's not good
wonder if sandy is gonna hit us hard
robben looks dangerous . equalizer on his boot !! go holland
huntelaar must be wondering what he has to do to get played . score near 30 in a top league and 12 goals in 8 qualifier games ..
tensions flare up in as police confront protesters
scenes from look like they are taken from gaza .
will keep slackard dems home in the ne on tuesday ? nh pa in play . nj ? providential ?
is almost back in tampa from a busy and bumpy night in wfla ch8 will tw
today is the nba's st .patrick's day ,a lot of teams will wear the green jersey , we could not get hold of cba is to swap shirts festive color ?
needing pizza but settling for ramen .. dammit sb st patricks day .
a little green lunch to celebrate st patrick's day !
what are people doing to celebrate st patrick's day ??
dear - the us wasn't the only country to get hit by hurricane sandy . some poor ones got hit too . with greater cost .
durban weatheru cud swear hurricane sandy is here !
can't sleep might as well drink . oh im voting for
even tho i know he's for romney , cuz i truly wish ppl would pray b4 they vote tomorrow so god can reveal who romney
is andy cohen soloso far so good :) sandy can't stop andy lolanybody ? no ?
yeah really , ugh bored instigators .there is a hurricane happening damnit
ebola outbreak : more than doctors needed to contain west africa's - cbc .ca: tor
yare ebola outbreak : more than doctors needed to contain west africa's - cbc .ca: toronto starebola ou yare
pls rt ! help for artists , galleries , private collections and museums impacted by hurricane sandy via
at first they said it would be down for a day or two before hit . in new york out for a week !
for st patrick's day at my school :)
so what is everybody up to for st patricks day then ? hope the sun is shining on you !
ok , the whole plane crash story is getting scary now . one pilot locked out of cockpit . downed on purpose ?
what do we know about the guys up front ? shades of egypt air
stock certificates feared ruined by sandy : trillions of dollars of stock certificates are feared ruined after hu
you've really made me appreciate electricity .
the 1701 st sends its thoughts and prayers to those affected by the senseless violence committed in paris this
terrible things happening in paris . i've been there several times and would love to get back there someday . this
if hurricane sandy were to hit sa the 1 st thing the govt wud do is pay 6 million to change the name of the hurricane to sipho nkosi !
if hurricane sandy were to hit sa the first thing the government would do is pay r6 million to change the name to hurricane sipho makwene !!
federal government confirms ebola death in lagos , warns citizens to be on the lookout : federal government frid
[the trent ] federal government confirms ebola death in lagos , warns citizens to be on the lookout
obama just quoted jfk's 'what you can do for you country ' in his speech . talk about originality .
instead if all these other relationships , y'all need to be like president obama and first lady .
breaking : ap calls elizabeth warren for mass . senate over scott brown .
i voted ! thank you gary johnson for running !
twitter users express support for brussels : the statue of a cheekily urinating boy that has long drawn tourists to brussels ' city cen
twitter users express support for brussels : the statue of a cheekily urinating boy that has long drawn tourist
taking a hot shower , drying my hair and hoping we don't lost power because of . i can dry my hair by the fire but it's not ideal
what the hell were we thinking ?!
hope this news about the starting over is true .
hope rumours that the ox is starting are true !
obama thats the shit i don't like
kristy i celebrating president obama's win in 2008 on broad street // philadelphia .
40 % off today only st patricks day sale today only hurry buy now limit 5
happy st .patricks day from greenie mctavern
happy monday and happy sunny st patrick's day everyone : )
good morning lovelies and happy st patrick's day ! how was your weekend ?
i just used a urinal so happy st . patrick's day .
so happy me and all my pals went to the st . patricks day parade !! oh wait .
remember to pray for the families and ongoing relief efforts for those involved in hurricane .
downtown ossining quiet as hurricane sandy brews what is the mayor of doing ? is there ice , water calling con ed ?
i don't wear green on st . patrick's day because i'm a laker fan lol
it's 9 :15am.st. patrick's day to-do list .day drink - checkday drink - checkday drink - checkday drink - checkday drink - check
happy st . patrick's day , laddie . a hug for you as well !
happy st . patrick's day from the simpsons
top story : nepal earthquake : aftermath | the economist see more
isbpl : 12 terrifying pictures of nepal earthquake : thousands of desperate nepalese spent another
hail mary ! i'm so excited for this !
i know people are about to just run on the field and not care about the time
agreed . a center right country does not elect obama twice . the demographics have surely changed .
gtfo romney !!! get out ! hop back on your private plane and just fly away , we don't want you here !
happy st . patrick's day and watch out for that irish whiskey .
17 mar 2014 : happy st . patricks day !
seems ppl r getting confused with sandy , nilam . they seemmore like the names ofbeauty parlour thandeadly storm or cyclones
us east coast reels from deadly superstorm sandy ; more than 40 dead - ndtv : ndtvus east coast reels from deadly
these two could be speaking spanish all the fucks kay burley gives
hugh edwards ' 80 s animated backdrop is interesting . looks like he's about to karaoke an amy grant hit . (might still happen )
what's on your hurricane sandy playlist ?
dime ! i got my floateys on , sandy coming in hard !
france in new syria air raid against is stronghold raqa : military
where born ? where grew up ?
thoughts are with paris , praying that is safe x
breaking news : at least 26 people are dead and 60 reportedly are held hostage in paris terror attack
image detail for - hurricane sandy makes landfall in jamaica | weather
niggas hype about this hurricane . im just like -_-
video : thousands attend candlelit paris vigils follow kevinfitts
after withdrawal of cf -18s a mistake .
am i alone here or does it feel like 1954 to anyone else *too*?#ferguson
seriously why are blacks in not participating in electoral process . you may end up with corrupt politicians but at least they'll
spain gives big pain to portugal . spain now in final ..
ewww *vomit..germany or italy better win the euro cup
president obama has a second term let him do his job
i really thank god that president obama was reelected ! he deserves the utmost praise !
my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in paris , france as they go through this harrowing ordeal .
so much love tonight . i want to hug the world . though i didn't get to see paris , i spent weeks in france once , i love it so to this day .
if i die in the hurricane i love you so much , i hope you know that ill be watching you still . ill c u everywhere
ayye sandy really not playin with anybodyall metro services are closed until further notice , no school , no workwhat yall doin ?!?
in . going on on the same day ! what a coincidence . no way the services did not
finally some one is speaking sense .
you will be everyone's grandma mama tomorrow night in austin ! best wishes for that !!! are you in austin now ?
this whole me-not-going-to-sxsw-thing , isn't working out .
guinness at our pub comes straight from st james gate in dublin , ireland .#whatmattersmost cheers !
jt sheik at st . patrick's day parade . he humble everybody !
boston blasts : hospitals scramble to care for wounded after blasts
my thoughts and prayers go out to the ppl in boston .
happy st . patrick's day ! why not celebrate today with your favourite irish author ?
happy st . patricks day to my favorite irish singer
s leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading the fight against ebol
s leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading the fight against ebola in sie
why is st . patricks day even a thing that exists
omg i forgot it's st . patricks day oh well
news : sydney cafe siege probe 'advanced': a probe into the police raid which ended a 16 -hour via
sydney cafe siege probe 'advanced': a probe into the police raid which ended a 16 -hour siege i (via
make sure yall tell everybody go vote for
people are trying to say that romney is rigging voting machines to change a vote for obama to a vote for romney , i'm done with life goodbye
preview of our free wall chart for euro 2012 - to get it , visit our website
what's everyone's predictions for tonight's euros !???
ebola out of control in parts of west africa , fuelled by ignorance
2014 ebola outbreak (infographic): as of june 18, an ebola outbreak in west africa has killed at least 337 peo
nypd cops need to learn from police , not imitate their failings .
thousands gathering at right now in response to shooting .
earlier this week , local were the only people w /video coverage of . they served over a million viewers w /so little .
how many times is too many to shoot someone unarmed ? evidently it's more than six .
a product placement is worthless if you don't explain or demo your product , and include a link to your product !
rt netflix analysis agree w / nf used old approach 2 launch of qwikster w /no test w / community
things gettin complicated in germanwings accident . one of the pilots locked out of the cockpit just before the crash . very interesting .
latest on germanwings crash : 1 pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash .
funny how i first hear about this hurricane yesterday how ppl are going all out for it
reports that both campaigns have canceled events in virginia due to sandy . gee , wonder where they will reschedule rallies ?
everything can go back to normal now . giants won , obama won . breathing again . nails growing out .
need 2 watch the debate x_x even though i know obama won :d
happy st . patricks day ! celebrate with these healthy green recipes from
happy st .patrick's day from waymart , to all our followers celebrating .#spd2014
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bbtkwsrnsf
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/r51mvnffhj
its obama that wants you to have money so he can tax it .
never herd anyone call obama . barack . untill today .
reuters : abc projects obama wins minnesota
come on west coast ! the senate needs you !
what do you call american version of brittania 50 :50 ? obama :romney ! *runs*
looking like obama will win every state he won in the 1 st election cept indiana potentially florida and and nc . guess well find out tuesday !
new york : hotel tonight has a halloween trick for nyc : while we think hurricane sandy has been one hell of a h
accidentally burned 75 % of my phone's battery streaming the bombcast . sandy's got long reach but i have flexibility , turned down brightness .
occupy central hk - asking for full democracy
occupy central hk - body democracy
hurricane or tornado .. i'm going trick-or-treating
me + kite + hurricane sandy = airborne
we might not have a panel tues because of sandy , the one yesterday went fine ! you stressed ? :(
hurricane sandyfunrain /storms all weekend , possible snow tuesday ,i have stuff monhis bday is wed so we moved the date
my moms preparing for hurricane sandy .and my brother didnt wanna go to the supermarket so i'm watching him
braving the elements and hurricane sandy for the 2012 president's homecoming 5 k !
our thoughts and preyers tonight goes to the people of brussels
if , no exit polling in az tonight , how we supposed to pretend we know trump's win is /isn't product of freakout over brussels ?
trying to get it sorted mate . great night out in krakow last night
off to open training session at the revamped hutnik stadium in krakow
5 points , happy st . patrick's day !
o'rorke's ! happy st . patrick's day ! eatery spirits
so excited for wings , commercials , and day drinking
everybody knows the best part of the is the commercials ( :
southeast texas to get heavy rains after hurricane patricia - ctv news
southeast texas to get heavy rain as remnants of hurricane patricia move across the state :
happy st patricks day friends !! me on state street
happy st . patrick's day from my sea shell snowman .
must stop within 40 minutes because germany is playing brazilplease !!#gazaunderattack
but it's ok for you to 'force' the to be wiped out !
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/w8tnsxyhky
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please spread please //t.co/gmjv1hc3hx
ya know what they say , once you go obama ya don't go back .
karl rove looks like his shirt is choking him to death
: edison , nj , woman among those dead in nepal earthquake , avalanche
cbsnewyork : : edison , nj , woman among those dead in nepal earthquake , avalanche
done work now time to get pumped for the portugal game and by pumped i mean drunk
mrs g just asked when were playing . if only
this hurricane kept me up all night -_-
weather :: hurricane sandy's current track is heading to nj but north carolina up to maine will be impacted .
to my american followers - please vote obama
for some reason i see romney winning this election
images from the st patrick's day parade , birmingham , please rt :
st . patrick's day parade at dundas square
happy st . patrick's day .that is all . ;)
happy st . patrick's day ! need a recipe for irish coffee ? you got it !
wapo poll 78 % approve of potus handling of ; 73 % approve of fed gov's . 44 % approve of romney's conduct
had my fingers crossed that would somehow get washed away by sandy . ur the absolute worst sam . does it suck to be hated by all ?
ap news : in shadows of hype , dialogue of 'too much ' at sxsw
i'm not at this year . instead i'm holding a woman down to keep her from pulling all her hair out of her head .
forged syrian passports at center of french terror .
schools angry over students interrupting moment of silence
hope everyone was able to stay dry during hurricane !
checking w /our east coast chapters - are you hanging in there ? how's everyone doing ?
nyc subways reopen tomorrow ! crazyyy mta picture of the lines open tomorrow . it's like downtown does not exist !
national honor society might doing a fundraiser for the hurricane relief next week . bring yo money to support the victims .
: german prosecutors say co-pilot hid sick leave note for crash day
breaking : germanwings co-pilot hid illness ; destroyed doctor notes that would have made him unfit to fly day of crash
serenading with and because st . patrick's day
st patrick's day make up . and there's an owl in my eyehaha
if you have a trip to planned in the coming days , here's what you need to know :
oil prices up on geopolitical tensions sparked by paris attacks - read :
jumma mubarak all brothers and sisters . do remember all the muslims under attack in gaza in your prayers .
dear gaza how can i help ? i'm sorry for just staying here by looking your tears ya life . i give all of you mypray .
at st . george tower remnants of the whipping flag i posted to the blog the night of st george
all four zoos in the path of the storm report no animals were injured in hurricane sandy . -- love that .
obama says paris killings 'an attack on the civilized world ': president obama says the killings in paris claim
dtn usa : obama says paris killings 'an attack on the civilized world ': president obama says the killings in pa
ah great job kelly clarkson !
kelly clarkson would so get it
so i think ireland are going to win , but krum will definitely catch the snitch
all i'm sayin is them panthers boutta dominate the ?!
the apple store prepares for hurricane sandy : jonathan wald , producer of the piers morgan show on cnn
silicon alley - the apple store prepares for hurricane sandy : jonathan wald , producer of the piers morgan show o
reuters : co-pilot appears to have crashed plane deliberately , french prosecutor says :
germanwings co-pilot deliberately crashed plane , french prosecutor says via
for halloween i'm going to dress up as a hurricane and a cartoon squirrel at the same time .
this damn hurricane is going to keep me from seeing you this weekend
i was wondering why u were tweeting about gender blah blah blah not what happened due to sandy .is it flood where u r too ?
my heart and soul is with all suffering from sandy's after effects .
here we go were are let's go
lets get ready to rumble :d
i wonder if sandy is really that bad or just the yankees are pussies but then again they won the war
i just feel bad for the kids that don't get to trick or treat due to hurricane sandy .
i know . it's quite interesting how authentic people seem to think 2 % of total precinct votes are .
what are the odds that paul ryan is doing a p90x workout right now in a swing state ?
happy tuesday .how are you doing after sandy took over the east coast ?rt rt rt
there should be another season of n the after math of n the clean up
happy st . patrick's day planet earth ! aka o'revalo !
how it feels to have st . patrick's day fall on a monday :
i'm president obama and i approve this tweet .x.
priorities : pat caddell : obama could not protect amb stevens but valerie jarrett has full secret service detail on martha's v
this congressman just showed how not to respond to the paris attacks : although the perpetrators of the paris a
my prayers are with those affected by reflecting this time last year my dd was in w /o me .
i don't own anything green but if any of you even attempt to pinch me today i will kick you into next year's saint patrick's day .
st . patrick's day is so pointless . we don't even get the day off .
there you go ! i knew i'd hear that tonite . hurricane rondo threatens mia
fuck sandy ! its my :t
back at it again . happy st . patricks day !
one year we got a dog on st . patrick's day . she eats cat turds .
facebook apologizes for sending lahore explosion safety checks to users in other areas : facebook has apologize
facebook apologizes for sending lahore explosion safety checks to users in other areas via
ok while what happened in boston is very sad , my prayers to all affected , however to the media - we do not need
i'm so upset i hope everyone is ok
so this is when it begins . they are really tying to start martial law in
does anybody , anywhere think a curfew is going to work . this is going to be uglier than 'military night '. leadership fail again
a top of the morning to you all ! wooohoo ! happy st . patricks day !
hey guys , happy st . patrick's day . (thank you
who are these people saying are boring ?! if spain are boring what's england ?
told to accept defeat after he stormed down tunnel following defeat to in final
this man just said he don't know sandy lol
hurricane sandy on here is horrible haha
what did you wear for st . patrick's day ? my (though i'm in jammies now )
st . patricks day demon dog
colorado tech group rejects post-paris call for data encryption 'backdoors'
kansas city tech group rejects post-paris call for data encryption 'backdoors'
come on then portugal let see what u got to bring to the tournament !!
all excited about denmark vs . portugal
latest : brother of brussels terror suspect laachraoui speaks out on links to paris attacks
americans confirmed among the dead in brussels attacks buy
best player of arshavin for arsenal , torres for chelsea , baloteli for city , caroll for liverpool and howard webb for united
best player of arshavin for arsenal , torres for chelsea , baloteli for city , caroll for liverpool and howard web
hudson valley , ny , post sandy gas crisis : i woke up this morning to a text message from my wife who
hudson valley , ny , post sandy gas crisis
we know nepal has a long rebuilding process ahead we want to do what we can to support relief organizations .
we know nepal has a long rebuilding process ahead we want to do what we can to support relief organizations at this time .
will be supporting spain sunday regardless of their opponents
did anyone follow my lucky 15 bet ?
obama won last night woohoo !!!
they wanna kno y obama won by electoral votes n not public votes ! dey did not ask dat question wen bush won dat way !!
wishing you a happy saint patrick's day !! don't forget to wear your green ;-)#curvy
when you dont where green to school on
volunteering in red hook , brooklyn . homes and busni
why couldn't the occupy movement happen during the hurricane then maybe all those hippies would have drowned , that would have been tight
just chillin everything on lock up here ! cause of sandy ! :(
[anc alerts ] superstorm leaves more than 7 million customers without power | via
patrick beverley on chris bosh . wow !
holy shit patrick beverley dunk of the year
on second thought , not contributing to . will channelize my funds in planting trees . reversing manmade sins fr future generations
powerful images of the from now in our photo mag
i wonder if president obama is going to blame hurricane sandy on a video too
cpm : afraid of hurricane sandy ? tips to stay calm for you and fido : at noon eastern daylight time (16:00 u
fuck waiting for the hurricane ill start eating it now .
how does this hurricane naming process take place ?
romney donating sandy supplies to gop swing states not ny democratic underground
football practice today ! sandy can't stop us
[daily express ]: simon documentary wins film prize at sxsw : a documentary about paul simon's trip back to south
i have way to much fun playing with the lytro camera refocusing .
happy st patrick day motherfuckers !
beyond parody , just like st . patrick's day snow :
is that graffiti painted all over paris or is it artwork ?
our nation commits to this tragic event in paris .
watchin the news when they say 'good afternoon ' and then explaining why it isn't
what the hell ? i'm watching the game and there are no south africans in the england team ! no wonder they're struggling !
430 am and 100 people already in line at lowes waiting to buy a generator
on the down side had to cancel trip to new york due to this prick of a hurricane
photos : paris hilton parties in a plunging green gown on st . patrick's day :
also had the best st patrick's day ever . :)
everyone in nyc is freaking out about hurricane sandy the only thing i'm stocking up on is booze .
no work for me today ! thanks hurricane sandy
finding hope in the vigils of paris : in the paris neighborhoods attacked on nov . 13, candlelight vigils drew residents and visitors ,
finding hope in the vigils of paris : in the paris neighborhoods attacked on nov . 13, candlelight vigils drew r
must be the only girl sat watching the
group a : russia vs czech republic predictions ?
happy st patrick's day everyone !don't miss our irish features today !
to alcohol ! the cause of and solution to all of life's problems .
so happy st . patricks day take a shot for me
thank you so much . i hope you have a very lovely st . patrick's day .
king hip hop news french police : multiple dead in violent attacks across paris , hostages taken
hollande calls emergency cabinet meeting and declares the .
murphy beats mcmahon . thank god i don't live in ct anymore
california has 55 electoral votes , no wonder the traffic is so bad ! #
happy st patricks day to all my nigerians too
thanks happy st patricks day to u 2 and to the crew !!
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at wisconsin oculoplastics !
happy st . patrick's day ! ~cynthia
what the fuck today's st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from helios !
your not going to paris anymore right ?
president obama just delivered a statement after paris erupted in terror friday night .
breaking : paris prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud killed in st denis raid on wednesday , formally identified . more on shortly
breaking : ap reports abdelhamid abaaoud , leader of the gang has been killed , citing french prosecutors .
xi vs : hart ; johnson , terry , lescott , cole ; parker , gerrard ; milner , young , chamberlain ; wellbeck .
team (vs ): hart , johnson , terry , lescott , cole , milner , gerrard parker , oxlade-chamberlain , young , welbeck
the mangled 'black box ' on the flight may contain answers to the mysterious crash
second black box found but badly damaged according to crash investigation hits snag
lets make the most of the night like we're gonna die young form the hurricane tomorrow
hi ! hey there sandy , this storms ' crazy , i hope we don't die , but we need school to get cancelled tomorrow so make sure you go nuts .
thanks for the great weekend ! you rocked saint patrick's day right !
between mitch leigh's passing and st . patrick's day , the cry for us all cast album is covering my bases this evening .
great photo , happy st patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day .. someone pass the guinness
state department : 2 more americans identified as killed in brussels attacks : total number of u .s. citizens con
state department : 2 more americans identified as killed in brussels - cbs news
asia stocks surge after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride : tokyo (reuters) - asian stocks rose acr
asia stocks surge after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride : tokyo (reuters) - asian s
a shark swimming in a new jersey yard after hurricane sandy
hope my american friends are safe from the horrors of hurricane sandy . keep safe everyone xx
the next mfker ask me if i'm voting hell no i'm not voting . obama gotta enough of yall ignorant ass votes btw gm :)
just so yall know i'm voting obama
most passing yds , game history : qb kurt warner (414) vs . in
okay , what are your predictions ? i'm betting patriots this year . and 0 wardrobe malfunctions !
she sells sanctuary is too good a song to have other lyrics on top of it . come on budweiser .
ok i liked the bridgestone commercial because steve nash is cool .
it's like christmas ! a no vote and now salmond resigns as first minister of scotland !
breaking news : alex salmond to resign as first minister
hope y'all had a happy safe st . patrick's day . that you didn't go home with someone like this .
happy st . patricks day from the team at tower fitness !!
happy st . patrick's day from ! have a wonderful monday !
happy saint patrick's day !i am eating cabbage , cornbeef , yams , mac n cheese and corn bread !
when your at work and a lady ask you what is a hurricane .
i think the people returning to school from ga /fl need classes canceled more than the people near a hurricane
sandy shows employers must embrace telecommuting : from dan schawbel : if you don't let your
sandy shows employers must embrace telecommuting : from dan schawbel : if you don't let your staff work-from-home
aljazeera news ebola forces liberia to shut border crossings : president orders most crossings closed and restr
: ebola forces liberia to shut border crossings : president orders most crossings closed via
thoughts go out to all in paris involved in these terrible attacks paris
god help them !!! paris under attack
[rww] live drawing sxsw : expanding our intelligence without limit
live drawing sxsw : expanding our intelligence without limit via
update 1 -fear and cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak - reuters : bbc newsupdate 1 -fear and cash
update 1 -fear and cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak : * try experimental ebola drugs in west a
happy saint patricks day . i hope patted all the ricks you know
still can't believe today's st . patricks day
congrats germany for another beautiful victory !!! go go deutschland
yay . germany win and top their group . my money still safe in deutschland uber alles . jawol .
damage from hurricane is much worse than i realized , heartbreaking . prayers to friends and family , feeling so helpless it hurts .
how r u in nyc ? did hurricane sandy cause any problems for u ?
happy st patrick's day from the timber pines community in spring hill ! via
new blog post : race report : kelly st . patrick's day 5 k
in case you just couldn't get enough of st .patrick's day today . . . .
in the pool !happy st patricks day !
sad to see this opportunity has turned into being about football and religion
something rather ironic about this statue
happy st . patrick's day ! some great suggestions from the on how to celebrate this year .
lucky clover kitty wishes you all the luck in the world ! happy st . patrick's day .
kareenabrand : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
langec _ : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
oshey detective scott apparently heard the liberian guy that brought the ebola virus to lagos is dead .
nigeria 'placed on red alert ' over ebola death : nigeria says it has put all entries into the country on red alert after
swooooooooooon , so romantic . president obama respects his wife so much , he'd never risk losing her . whew . that's love .
obama and michelle about to tear ish up these nxt couple of days
people have been so quick to say the hurricane was nothing , why don't you say that to the people w /o power or the ppl that lost everything
our thoughts and prayers are with all those who are affected by hurricane sandy .
all democrats or wateva just make sure obama name is checked . u can never be too careful
well if they manage not to vote for romney the american populace can be considered to have done better than the brits .
i blame nolan for hurricane sandy
i liked it better when sandy was just a squirrel .
pd fail to produce incident report for michael brown shooting via
2 /3 pd released details from robbery in which was a suspect +security video , but not report on brown shooting death .
sleep time . praying to wake up to news that the ended peacefully with no one getting hurt
(#losdelsonido) 5 hostages flee sydney cafe , standoff drags on : five people have escaped from a popular sydney cafe aft (#ivanberroa)
watch : deadly blast in pakistan : an explosion in lahore , pakistan ha
watch : deadly blast in pakistan : an explosion in lahore , pakistan has killed at le
if you are waiting in line to vote - - you deserve a cookie :) it's election day , america ! the world is watching !
live video : casts his vote
don't forget to come in and pick up a st . patrick's day traditional irish boiled dinner ! stout-braised corned
st . patrick's day tomorrow ? time to break out the kilt .
hahaha happy st patrick's day to you :d
spent the morning rapping about leprechauns and drawing shamrocks on kids ' faces . happy st patricks day from spain !
pet shop boys : shopping live : via
mt predictably depressing : french far-right leader le pen calls for death penalty :
what if hurricane sandy is a dude and has a huge dick
yoo they racked up in shaws ! there hardly shit here ! hurricane sandy anit playing
interactive : the perfect pour for st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day ! i can't go a day without this immune-boosting , detoxifying green drink . get 8 + servings
im still mad that obama won . like , what the hell . why does it matter what anybody thinks if the electorals decide everything ?
gop need timeout !grade school responses after obama wins .no critical thinking skills . stubborntempertantrums byricholdwhitemen ~forward boys
west africa ebola toll rises to 467 . france surrenders .
west africa ebola toll rises to 467
update : raw video : paul ryan in iowa on election eve - the romney /ryan campaign's final rally in iowa before electio
breaking : raw video : paul ryan in iowa on election eve - the romney /ryan campaign's final rally in iowa before elect
man sandy really just revitalized you in the twittersphere
been neglectin my stomach all week n sandy got my money tied up
verizon restores 97 percent of cell sites hit by sandy - pc magazine : afpverizon restores 97 percent of cell sit
hurricane sandy 2012 : as new york's art world reels from damage , moma - huffington post : telegraph .co.ukhurr
truth !saw all 5 sxsw gigs
juicy j brings out wiz khalifa , lola monroe , chevy woods at sxsw via
hurricane sandy : are you ready for the impact ? -
goodbye and have a safe flight home . do come back to malaysia for performance or holidays at our sandy beaches
hey love youuu ! happy st patricks days !
oh yeah ! happy st . patricks day niall !
people don't understand , obama didn't mess up this country , look who was president before him . you can't fix a country in just 4 years
we had a fake election today in school . i voted for obama . josh agrees with me ! -le fangirls -
need some post-election entertainment while waiting for obama's victory speech ? twitfit should do the trick
no matter who you voted for this is still the united states of america and the best country to live in .
happy st . patrick ewing day !
it's st . patrick's day . sorry but i'm not drinking any alcohol .
all these people hoping sandy will close school for us ? keep dreaming ..
it's sandy outside , be careful guys
started my new job today ! ohhhhh boy ! happy st patrick's day to meee .
if i'm at on a ! this is the day it's ! ! you really this around !
blackbox sxsw day party - mar 17 motor works bar grill austin , tx via
brought neil young's time fades away in honor of sxsw or lack thereof .
techyrss 97 : a first-timers ' guide to sxsw : :tech
on the set with talking about grill (max's wine dive )
romney wants states to be responsible for disasters ? proves why that won't work :
you show true leadership and you stick to ur principles . romney is multiple choice and that scares me !! i voted for u ! forward !
leaks on seems to come out of relay info to prosecutors . a judge need to preside to stop leaks like in
via report : pilot was locked out of germanwings cockpit
happy st patricks day everyone ! have a look at the image below and let us know your leprechaun name ! mines is
happy st . patrick's day from the 501 st legion !
as super typhoon hagupit makes landfall in the philippines , let us pray for everyone's safety
philippines typhoon makes landfall as thousands flee
public service announcement to avoid upsetting native irish friends on this hallowed day . happy st patricks day !
in honor of st patricks day i will fuck a sheep
happy st . patrick's day !how are you celebrating the irish holiday ??
happy st .patrick's day , how are you celebrating today ?
lowkey thought st patricks day was saturday
didnt even know tomorrow was st . patricks day
coastal communities prepare for hurricane sandy's storm surges
now sandy , that is what i call talent ! i'm so proud of you being pad
happy st . patrick's day fashion fair beauties ! we would love to see the photos of you looking glorious in green .
photo : our fave shot of the week from - happy st patricks day to all our irish followers :)
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but desp (bbc)
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philipp from world news app
who do you think is responsible for the paris attacks ?
example : a friend of 25 years who lives near the restaurant in paris is safe . no word yet on his partner .
even hurricane sandy's 60 mile per hour winds don't blow as hard as the eagles .
best hurricane stockpile purchase , the woman in front of me bought two bags of and a case of
shit i cant even vote i want romney to win cus i wanna start a riot n shit will get right ifk we do
clinton and the cookie jarhe got caught with hand in cookie jarand romney wants more cookiesreally
hurricane party ? you know we know how to !
hurricane sandy to the east of me , a 3.9 earthquake to the west and here i am , mildly cold in the midwest .
how do u do it ?! you kill innocent folks incl kids left and right yet manage to keep msm singing your tune ?!
the western media are liers . dnt follow them .
does everyone realize st patrick's day is on monday . not all weekend . monday .
the st . patrick's festival continues with the big day out . it is a nice day out around merrion square . the title
happy saint patrick's day kiddos ~
st patricks day wheres that real green
let's keep the sandy conversation going !
can it be like this every night ? thank you sandy
germanwings co-pilot crashed plane deliberately , french prosecutor says /via
germanwings co-pilot intended to destroy plane , says french prosecutor fucked . up .
rt the only people that support obama are niggers and nigger lovers . bring on the hate tweets
for people calling whites racist for voting for romney , ponder this : the black panthers are showing up to voting sites and intimidating
so holland have lost to the weakest team in the group
why are referees so reluctant to give penalties ? rules are rules and that was a clear hand ball .
stuff you need to know about the hurricane . its going to rain .
i can't wait for the hurricane to come up here ! gonna be rainy tomorrow at the game .
this is .i ain't even gon ' watch it .waste of time
not to bring race into this , but how come coca-cola never uses brown bears in its commercials ?
go obama ! this is truly a momentous occasion .even all the way from australia
really america ? man , i really thought we had this one . i was certain saban would win it . i'm moving to the big 12 now .
yes we did predict hurricane sandy on 2 radio shows this year . we saw a lot damage up and down the east coast . stay safe !
hey , there's a hurricane around here . please answer facetime or whatsapp or something . :(
st . patricks day socks :) thanks mom !
what the fuck is st . patricks day supposed to be about anyway ?
happy st . patrick's day ! hope you all remembered to wear green today !
have a great st .patrick's day ! wear that green , don't want to get pinched !
it kind of annoys me how people are making jokes about sandy .. people actually died
i swear sandy needs to go the fuck away !
so i finally get a full day off to handle some business , and the dmv is closed due to the hurricane .
a state-by-state look at the east coast superstorm : by the associated press hurricane sandy is churning
happy st . patrick's day ! my friend . purrs
may the luck of the irish be with you because today everyone is irish ! happy st . patrick's day !
donald trump blames paris death toll on gun laws via god help you usa if you select this twat !
fluctuat nec mergitur saint-martin
the sunrise before sandy comes through
my prayers to all my friends who lives in us east cost due to hurricane sandy . be safe everyone !!!
new england patriots 2012 (300 violin orchestra ): (!) warning !!
almost time for 1,000 + hours of football analysts , 100,000,000 + hours of commercials and 60 minutes of football !!
happy st . patrick's day erryone
happy st patrick's day bae turnup
sydney cafe hostages post to social media
sydney gunman made hostages use social media
ottawa's coldest st . patrick's day ever
by the way - happy st patrick's day , all !
video : the rocket summer at sxsw (do you feel )
video : the rocket summer playing new song at sxsw
-obama still beatinq it up at the white house lmaoo !
obama n the white house .i ant got no worriess
[science] drone footage shows scale of earthquake's destruction in nepal [discover]
drone footage shows scale of earthquake's destruction in nepal : drones , no doubt , perfor
emergency preparedness checklist for perfect storm hurricane sandy -- here's - opednews
i'm riding out but for those who need a go bag pack pastries , they'll help you make frien
extended vacay in san fran thanks to ! things could be worse
make sure y'all charge ya phones before hurricane sandy !
happy birthday on st patricks day to my nana in heaven !
hii theo ,happy st patrick's day you and your family
ready to watch spain vs the floppers ( italy )#euro2012
i don't have any favorite n this spain vs italy . i hope for a good match and many goals ..
music critic , lawyer and u .s. student are among victims in paris attacks : the id
sorry peace for paris and rest of world will only happen when ? it wont - the times have changed - but getting rid of isis a start
good morning ! how was your holiday yesterday , in st . patrick's day ?
between the rugby and st . patrick's day we are on a high . to everyone who stayed with us this weekend
alright everyone can keep sayin obama isn't gonna do anything he already had 4 years . but he's president , nothing you can do . be quiet !
romney and ryan couldn't even win their own states
nepal thoughthat place is pretty poor . prayers to the homies .
again there was earthquake in nepal . its too much . please god help us .
your girl is rocking it out of the park
got a real person who can realy lip sing
for st . patrick's day from irish chef
mmmm cafe knows how to do st . patrick's day right
third suspect in brussels airport blasts identified : media : brussels (reuters) - a third man caught o
third suspect in brussels airport blasts identified : media : brussels (reuters) - a third man c via
how could any one do this ?
the fbi is now in charge of the boston marathon explosion . if you have photos /details call 1 -800-call-fbi.
ecotech rolls out 'green float ' for st . patrick's day parade
do people anywhere else besides ireland celebrate st patricks day the way we do ??
former president of france nicolas sarkozy speaks of paris attacks live 10.17 am : via
praying for you paris , may god be with you .
martin place , sydney , australia today
beijing developer steps up drive with sydney project
all celebrities are saddened to hear of the events in boston .
i don't care about past attacks or acts of terror . the only thing the news should be reporting is what the fbi and boston pd are finding .
liberian man patrick sawyer diagnosed with first ebola case in nigeria is dead [photo]: indication emerged
liberian man patrick sawyer diagnosed with first ebola case in nigeria is dead [photo]: indica
harford county stays vigilant , cancels field trips after boston bombings
pres . : fbi investigating explosions as an act of terrorism .
brussels on edge : terror charges laid , peace rally cancelled : arrests continue across europe , as security concerns shut down a peace rally .
(#teambrianmundial) brussels on edge : terror charges laid , peace rally cancelled : arrests (#teambrianmundial)
paris attacks at a glance : friday's developments - cnn : cnnparis attacks at a glance : friday's developmentscnn
breaking : paris attacks at a glance : friday's developments - cnn : cnnparis attacks at a gla
thanks . me too . i just have to slow down and figure it out . i am going to blame hurricane sandy on my melancholia .
i know hurricane sandy has done a lot of damage but the worst part is that one time she could of been the champion of the world .
aww ..thanks col ! happy st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day seev ! hope you had an awesome day ! lots of love and beer from brazil ! xx
recovery just beginning for many of the wounded in paris -
cnn needs to stop making it sound like all muslims are isis supporters . christiane amanpour only sane voice on their paris panel right now .
the typical dartmouth student is as conservative as your princeton student but it may be hard for the students to buy into obama's rhetoric .
obama vs . romney , both at 49 % on surveys . who will it be ? :)
it's st . patrick's day . so i'm going to eat pesto .
happy st . patricks day . i'm a leprachaun .
except for the passengers aboard , and the woman in question , it is terrorism .
'he's not a terrorist , he's an idiot ' - egyptian minister condemns 'american' hijacker :
yea , read - boston marathon blasts kill 3
death toll from boston explosions now at 3
and did you hear about the attack in paris ?
my thoughts go out to all those affected by the paris killings
mitt romney's best line of the [second presidential debate ] night : 'i think you know better '
if romney wins i'm moving to bikini bottom ..
happy st . patricks day from all of us at northpass media !
happy st . patrick's day to everyone celebrating from all of us at orbis canada !
the victims of parislife can be seen in their eyes :(
benjamincore : france : mourners pay respects to paris attacks victims outside the bataclan
i'd love to celebrate st . patricks day :(
it's st patricks day allie
france are my dark horse think they'll top group and reach semis good squad of players and good manager in blanc
it's a casual life : the critically acclaimed cult football movie ( my very first script ).
french police rush to small town as charlie hebdo massacre suspects seen :
news french police rush to small town as charlie hebdo massacre suspects seen
sandy al hit more than nyc , here's albany
to you aiight up there ?? look like that bitch sandy got at y'all cats
so tragic about the earthquake in nepal
hearing all scary horrible reports abt nepal's earthquake . viewing d situation there .all my prayers for them
chumlee is rocking out for st . patrick's day .
how is st . patricks say different from any other day in your life ? grow up
have never been this sad , horrified or ashamed of my home state before . and the bar was already l o w .
cole such a real dude for showing up in
i was just at parliament hill on the weekend . what a surreal thing to happen
what of the long gun registry now ?
vote for obama cause he know what them bricks do
if romney wins this election , we are so fucked .
dear hurricane sandy , there are so many gorgeous weddings going on this weekend just hold off until monday ! sincer
northeast us oil companies prepare for hurricane sandy
happy st patricks day from the bradys
happy st patricks day to you :d
sum gals thought ebola is another hit song like dorobuccithey be naming their selfebolakemi ,
this ebola thing they sound like footballer name !
happy st patricks day !hangout with some irish dancers and bag pipers while enjoying green beer and car bombs all
happpppy st patricks day baby xxx
when you vote , it's not just about obama /romney. some of these states are trying to phase out certain rights . ..
vote for obama . seriously , if you vote for romney i'm going to smack you .
ok america - i don't usually tell you what to do - but today's an important day . please don't mess it up . obama's your guy .
it's cold out and theres a massive line at 6 am
'drastic action needed ' on ebola : the ebola epidemic isn't getting any better in africa . .. from cnn
'drastic action needed ' on ebola : the ebola epidemic isn't getting any better in africa .
watch the live stream of michael brown's funeral at
not in front of a tv ? watch live coverage of michael brown's funeral in here :
brussels attacks : who were the attackers ? everything we know so far
latest : donald trump reacts to brussels attack (full cnn interview )
yeah we love u paris
all these zayn pictures and videos that i can't even enjoy because my heart is still aching for paris , beirut and japan :(
photos : devastation in nepal after huge earthquake - a huge earthquake has shattered nepal on saturday , causing wi
robtest photos : devastation in nepal after huge earthquake - a huge earthquake has shattered nepal on saturday , ca
of corse mitt romney doesn't look lost ! he's sittin on top of racks ! he's not really worried about what he's doing tomorrow !
now that romney's is done , can romika have their logo back ?
health : nepal earthquake : health threats loom over survivors : the aftermath of the nepal earthquake b
nepal earthquake : health threats loom over survivors : the aftermath of the nepal earthquake brings a risk of d
get your news with some entertaining song in this new weekly wrap up ! #s
5 lessons from the bill belichick school of management via
[ polls surveys ] open question : is superstorm sandy the antichrist ?: is the start of a bleak new chapter in the future of our wor
[ polls surveys ] open question : is superstorm sandy the antichrist ?: is the start of a bleak new chapter in
sydney-style attack could happen in britain at any moment , pm david cameron admits
british pm cameron : sydney-style attack could happen in britain 'at any moment '
hurricane sandy makes landfall in bahamas ; still heading north - wjxt jacksonville
rrrrrrrrrrr !!!! sandy a try mash up ja bt we strong u zeet
this is me playing accordion ! happy st . patrick's day !!!!!my wild irish rose
the bulls look lih they celebrating christmas instead of st patricks day
happy st . patrick day windy city
know you're not irish but happy st . patrick day !
did they pick a president ? it still better be obama !
thank you god for waking me up and thank you god for allowing obama to see another 4 years .
last work in progress . nearly there . happy st patricks day ! :)
happy st . patrick's day ! did you wear green today ?
best st patrick's day by far yesterday
well i thought yesterday was st . patricks day . so that's cool .
happy st . patricks day ! this is my favorite irish blessing !!!
happy st patricks day to jedward
needs protection or more manpower more than prayer
as in (dang character restrictions ) the police would be quite happy to keep the (black) kids of out of school indefinitely
live updates from parliament hill shooting here :
live now : cops swarm parliament hill following shooting
if obama wins . all these folks suppressing votes need to pay .
i think mitt only wants to be pres . to get pres . obama out of office . and it's people that are actually voting for hi
nyc street closures for st . patrick's day parade monday
why didn't i know there's a st patrick's celebration at trafalgar square ?
you can bet on anything : guy wagers the first score of the would be a safety . ka-ching $50,000!
10 % of u .s. workers called in sick today . i was up before 6 :00, but now going home sick .
[news] african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a common strate
african states agree ebola strategyhealth ministers from 11 west african states agree a common strategy to fight
trying to go to the st patricks day parade
lmao it's not even st patricks day tho
sandy i don't care if you throw an suv through my window just make sure classes are cancelled for tuesday too
lmao niqqas really made a page for sandy
so happy i flew home to dc last night from west coast . hurricane sandy grounds thousands of flights .
that's so old . it's been used for every hurricane since the song came out .
i don't celebrate st . patricks day bc it's a drinking holiday and i'm not old enough for the bar crawls
join us from 5 pm tonight and celebrate with a pizza and a guinness
happy st . patrick's day ! have fun 3 :)
happy birthday /st patricks day i hope u have a great bday
god pls ..don't allow romney 2 win dis election !!!!amen!!!
romney does win pa !! and matthews ' potato battery dies .
vote technocrat .. video : drones help aid relief in nepal : unmanned aerial vehicles are b
buy marijuana seeds : video : drones help aid relief in nepal : unmanned aerial vehicles are
phoenix , az , where microchips and rocky point mexico are the first thoughts when somebody mentions
hurricane sandy aint got nothin on tha east coast
hirumayk : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
venkat 2009 : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
they will tell you islam is not involved in even if you put it under their noses .
heartbroken as terror unfolds in paris today .. democracy freedom of speech will never be silenced !
feeling disconnected , thanks to sandy via
broadcasters work nonstop as first informers to serve local communities during hurricane sandy
today is having his coffee the irish way , after all it is st . patrick's day !
i'm irish and i've never really celebrated st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from diva doll !!!
happy st patrick's day !! we are officially open for all of you who want to start the celebrations early :d
vip at the jay-z concert thanks to ? yeah , it's a hard knock life ..
my two loves music and movement with and in austin , texas !
of course , common gets to deliver the 15 -second shout out .
i was about to jone on how common always speaks this way . but he's talking about . so i won't .
have a happy and safe st patricks day ! photo via
happy st . patrick's day to all of our loyal fans ! how is everyone celebrating today ?
via sandy set to strike ! 66 million in path of the hurricane | mail online : check
last night on earth ..sandy, be good to us
donated another 10 % of his money from videogrpahy . aswin is also looking for web design work .
people on facebook marking themselves safe after the nepal earthquake when they were nowhere near .. fuck off man .
happy st . patrick's day to you too mairead !
happy st patrick's day all ! go green !
somebody blowing me with the st . patricks day bag pipe cd outside .
hi niall ! did you have a nice st patricks day ? i love you ! please follow me ? xl
please america the rest of the world almost has a consensus on who you should vote for tomorrow . and it's not mitt romney
ladies ! first , will ban abortion , and then he will ban women's shoes !!!
yeah man thought it was time for a change , with that being said still not disappointed with obama winning always liked him
still getting over the fact that obama is president
china censors hong kong protest news
i'm home and sick and frustrated . i'm with you , , stay strong and lovely ! will join asap
obama on stagesmiling n its funnywe know republicans mad ..we'll bus driver mitt romney !!!
obama about to give his speech now .
this is sad .nigeria ebola virus update - lagos state on the look out for all who boarded same flight with
just a week to go ,den we will know if this ebola virus is really here .. i pray it doesn't o
i legit didn't know it was st . patricks day until i got to school
i didn't even realize it was st .patricks day
happy st . patricks day ! this reuben is so good !!!
happy st . patrick's day everyone !! be safe everyone !
best coverage of paris attacks seems to be from
fox 25 news : police : at least 26 dead in paris , hostage-taking in theater (credit: ap )
you're in my thoughts . i wish i could steer sandy away from you .
hurricane sandy ; won ;t you come and play ?
we got giving the run down for sxsw here on on
first blood : sxsw 2012 : writer /director sean byrne talks the loved ones and more : one of the more talked abo
many are searching for andreas lubitz now on social media , without doubt .
: co-pilot's name is andreas lubitz , a german national , says marseilles prosecutor
david stern said hurricane katrina bitch its sandy
david stern said hurricane katrina -_____-
i always want to trust everyone , and tbh i trust people way too much but after what's happened in paris , i can't , no more , that's enough .
no countrywide tonorrow in wake of paris attacks . morning ireland live from 8 am .
riot in the oak grove , these romney supporters decide to come try to tell us obama didn't win , fuck outta here
free this man and you will have my support obama !
guide-to-sales : short staff tries to cope with ebola : as an outbreak worsened , a pay di
short staff tries to cope with ebola : as an outbreak worsened , a pay dispute with nurses left a short
italians should be proud of their teams impression of a sangiovese grape .
who's everyone cheering for today ?! spain or italy ?!
do you know what's happened in boston ? 2 bombs went off at the finish line of a marathon
praying for the victims of the boston marathon . i thought were past this type of thing but , the world still got it's crazy ways .
i heard on the news there were shootings in paris . don't know where in the country you are , but i hope that you are safe .
this world is getting colder . more shootings and explosions ? paris now , where next ? getting closer and closer to home ..
did u know jay-z set to perform for president obama's big final rally , escapes from sandy t ~ just curious ??
jay-z set to perform for president obama's big final rally , escapes from sandy to swanky upper east s
trendy notes : president obama wins second term via
felt good to wake up today and know my president is still obama .
happy st . patrick's day !here's a bit of a jingle to enjoy the day with .
why is saint patricks day so famous ?
happy birthday and st patrick's day . mine's the 19 th , yay . :-)
st . patrick's is the one day i don't drink because i don't like seeing a bunch of amateurs ruin something i'm kind of a professional at
our signal from just died . anyone else having that issue ?
dear and /or now is not the time to have technical difficulties . get the signal working , please !!
we have guinness !!! and mini mac shots - cherry bitters , caramel and jameson's . happy st patrick's night we are open
happy st . patrick's day ! come in for some cheese and wine to celebrate !
never thought we'd have a hurricane day in michigan
with just 51 days till 20 -12-2012. are we really going down mayan style ?
to protect the house i plan to sit on the roof and yell at god like lieutenant dan .
sandy aint got nothin on either
happy st . patrick's day morrison county !
happy st . patrick's day rebels !!!
celebrating st . patys day by turning my lungs and stomach green . ?
awesome st .patrick day i had
i love seeing doing this :)me encanta ver a levantando trofeos
no doubt spain is the best team , apa nak buat ? dah kalah dah ! at least italy is in finals
omni hotel in dallas shows support for victims of paris attacks .
i really wanna upload a cover of a song that shows paris that we are keeping them in our thoughts and prayers . any song suggestions ?
video : watch downed power lines cause explosion | via
| via video : watch downed power lines cause explosion
sandy seems mad nice . i doubt she'd mess anything up .
hope we get off for hurricane sandy
he just said hurricane katrina it's hurricane sandy david stern
hurricane katrina ? you idiot it's sandy lmao !!!!
watch springsteen joined by arcade fire , tom morello , eric burdon , and others at sxsw : yesterday ,
watch springsteen joined by arcade fire , tom morello , eric burdon , and others at sxsw : yesterday , the boss came
the 15 emails a day from the obama campaign since june really drove the message home to plan early
if romney wins how will it impact the global reputation of the us ?
make sure if you vote for obama , you put him first then elect all democrats fyi
whoa kerry ladka broke for obama || 4 out of 5 town hall debate undecideds voted for obama
shit , if it were that easy , there'd be no more roses left on earth .
i love how is watching the :) and her confusion is so adorable hehe
we have at least 3 eyewitnesses that directly contradict the police story on . this is a pattern
death a horrible event in american history . events in mo should teach us race relations have room for improvement
st . patricks day at disney world !!
it's st patricks day and i don't have a patrick !!
charlie hebdo's mysterious last tweet before attack
the last time charlie hebdo was attacked , this was their response .
happy st patrick's day to those who celebrate it and to everyone else have a great monday !! :-)
happy st . patrick's day . (should i get myself a beer todayhmm )#stpatricksday
i think it's sick people are promoting their shit at a time like this .
our hearts prayers go out to the people of boston today .
is it bad i just now realized it's st . patricks day ?
so everyone is celebrating st . patrick's day today ?
my favorite part of st . patrick's day is the leprechaun movies . that's about it .
happy st patrick's day and happy holi to everyone celebrating !
just got off work , what in the hell happened in paris ?
visit my profile ! paris attacks : what we know so far :
ap u .s. headlines : risk is lower , but paris attacks could hit united states
despite paris , obama rejects calls for shift in isis fight - the times of india via
happy st . patricks day niall !! have fun :) i love you .xx
totally forgot . happy st . patricks day lovelys xx
video : uk on high alert after paris attacks : david cameron chairs a meeting of the cobra emergency committee and warns that the uk sh
video : uk on high alert after paris attacks : david cameron chairs a meeting of the cobra emergency committee a
*covers self in crisp dollar bills to get in st patricks day spirt *
cold start to st . patrick's day but big warm up tuesday and rest of the week in 70 s . next rain chances next weekend .
nepal races to repair heritage sitesin addition to saving lives , major attempt to rescue country's cultural heritage
nepal earthquake : death toll from magnitude 7.3 quake rises to 96 with thousands more injured
blue (italy) is the color , football is the game
playing with no striker will either be genius or after an hour they'll realise it was a stupid idea and bring torres on .
if i was a hurricane i could of done better lol
i don't have to report to the office so i guess that makes me a non essential employee
ksdk : looting reported at dellwood market that was on fire earlier tonight .
watching this live feed from vice news . the police are not doing themselves any favors by the way they treat the media on camera .
new jersey is under a state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy .oren liebermann went to the beach to see how @
latte macchiato residents urged to leave : new jersey is under a state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy .oren
are municipal taxes picking up the bill for new pr team ? then how is the going to pay for all their toys ?
not a accurate depiction of . the gassed those throwing fire . i agreed peaceful is good .
just disgusts me more and more . charging a min $100 in sydney to escape the area where the gunman is ? absolutely appalling .
gunman shot dead . what a relief .
am i the only one that did watch ? :$
want to see more sweaty , muscular men in an epic hour-long struggle ? watch the wrath of the titans trailer 27 times .
bc they're rioting for their own needs not justice smh rt how the hell is the police station in still standing
honestly ! how the hell is the police station in still standing ?
happy st . patricks day ! got my green on and ready to go . enjoy !! : )
happy st patricks day ! luck of the irish to ya !
bonjour ! happy st patrick's day
i forget about st .patricks day every year ..
i got other important things to worry about than an election . im sure obama got this but i dont see him helpin me why should i help him ..
i am not out of a job-but friends are-my house is not underwater - but friends are . i still have savings but friends don't vote mitt !!
well that hurricane messed my weekend up
news : troopers continue preparations for ts /hurricane sandy
and happy st patricks day !oh waitwrong patrick !
happy st . patricks day to any of my irish followers . (if i have any !)
hurricane sandy can f *#k off !! hope everyone is keeping safe on the east coast of the usa
haha i's is kidding . did sandy fuck your shit up or you good ?
paris attack is tragedy and no one is justified by killing innocent people ..
authorities said they expect the total death toll to be about 120 .
idk how people are not bothered by the outbreak of ebola virus , that shit is deadly fucking voluntarily quarantine !
minnesotans concerned about ebola outbreak
your opinion matters . your vote counts . today is your chance to exercise what matters most to you politically
here's what a busted electronic voting machine looks like in action (via -
only good thing about st patricks day is having the day off school
am i the only person who forgot today was st . patrick's day ?
will be opening monday march 17 th happy st . patricks day
kells irish pub smoker : portland's surreal st . patrick's day boxing match , shrouded in a thick haze
visit us here for updates on the status of our shipping operation :
knocked out 25 % of cell phone towers :
happy st . patrick's day or something irish anyways
have to work on st patricks day . just my luck
yaaay happy st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from cork !
every school in the state is closed , thank you sandy 3333
hurricane sandy is coming ! god bless zone a ;) gate residence
thanks , judith ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick all day !!!
romney has 'real chance ' to win michigan : democrats lost 63 seats in the house of representatives in 20
romney has 'real chance ' to win michigan : democrats lost 63 seats in the house of representatives in 2010, and n
hurricane sandy : hi everyone ,sorry no video today . we spent saturday together as a family on a train ride and th
buddies in the line of hurricane sandy , stay safe !
oh shit hold up its st patrick's day ?
so this is what happens on st .patricks day in belfast .
[new post ] breaking news : gunshots fired at canadian parliament , soldier shot in apparent terrorist attack
[thetrent] breaking news : gunshots fired at canadian parliament , soldier shot in apparent terrorist attack
so it seems you get better outcomes from treating people with some civility than as a threat that needs to be crushed . shocker .
explain to your constituents when business leave them behind
follow me on twitter for my insight and recent updates about hurricane fuckface
hurricane sandy is supposed to hit in my town on tuesday and im not gonna lie i'm scared af
this bitch , hurricane sandy , is on her way to ny . i guess i'm gonna die before december 21 st . smh
when r they going to name a hurricane after me um
you killed that opening slot for and gza beauty ballroom
happy saint patricks day ! chillin at sxsw all day ! lets see what trouble we can get into
jgn nanti buka celana dia :d
italien players have just decided to destroy their own team . so maybe we can win this after all .
with obama's victory , health law stays on track : over the next four years , the meat of the health law , npr
obama obama obama .. pause , why y'all mad tho ?
yesterday at st james park , happy st patrick's day !
top o ' the mornin ' to ya laddys st patrick's day at last !
maury said it best !lmao obama
looks like we did it obama baby 4 morr
happy st patrick's day ! if you are drinking while you celebrate please don't drive .
march 17 th , is st . patrick's day , the national day of the republic of ireland !
11 x 17 st patrick's day poster i did for the brew top .
well finallyit's here ! st . patrick's day and the unofficial start of spring ! for those heading to the parade ,
happy st . patrick's day from your friendly disenchanted team tampa sleeping beauty !
st . patrick has blessed everyone with a day off work to celebrate his day , doors open at 10 am !
paris archbishop : when the pain is too great , we cling to god : by maria ximena rondon /cna/ewt
nat . cath . reg . * paris archbishop : when the pain is too great , we cling to god : by maria ximena rondon /cna/e
i just can't get over the pictures i'm seeing of sandy
i pictured sandy to be worst though .. they got me all worked up
happy st . patrick's day !!! what's everyone up to tonight !?
st . patrick's day . clover lips .
my heart really aches for paris
some faces of the dead and missing in the paris massacre hypeman yungtosa
thoughts are with paris and all of france tonight .
| paris attacks : thousands sing national anthem during stadium evacuation | -
photo : atx sxsw turnup (taken with instagram )
awolivin atx sxsw turnup (taken with instagram )
fyi **you can donate to cross to help victims affected by hurricane sandy !
new blog posting , how to get to work hurricane sandy edition -
belgian state tv identifies brussels attack suicide bombers
state of myanmar with the state of india and algeria . and all participated in brussels attacks . and molenbeek
sandy expected to be less powerful , and less drenching , as it moves inlan
sandy expected to be less powerful , and less drenching , as it moves inland : the enormous storm is
if mitt released returns it showed he paid no taxes as has been said , he would have lost bigger
last day obama is still president , today causes for celebration !
you're supposed to be lucky if you're irish , especially on st . patricks day wtf .
70 s irish punk rock for st patricks day
super typhoon hagupit : at least 100,000 flee philippine coast
32 million in path of 'very ugly ' super typhoon hagupit
people gather on the pitch of the stade de france stadium in paris following deadly attacks across the city
what in preference to those murdering people in paris right now ?
retweet if u want obama to win
i'm going at 7 am , obama or die
made this quick little banner for paris
giants fans yelling patriots suck during the moment of silence for paris , always staying classy .
major aftershock amid hunt for nepal survivors
a powerful , magnitude 6.7 aftershock has shaken the kathmandu area of nepal a day after the massive earthquake .
love how i spent most of my st .patricks day in either school or birkenhead , definitely embracing the spirit
hopefully luck into your life today , happy st . patrick's day !
so tear gas is legal to use on citizens but not during a fucking war ? are you fucking serious ?
rsvp 7 pm re : civil rights unit
happy st . patricks day ! got ma green dress on and a guiness in hand .
happy st . patrick's day from the bite market !
eur /usd, sandy hurricane keep bears /bulls at bay : markets were painfully slow throughout the us session , w
eur /usd, sandy hurricane keep bears /bulls at bay : markets were painfully slow throughout the us session , with $$
vote for whoever you want as long as you want obama
off tomm thx to the presidential election rt if u want obama to win !
they're showing jay-z's live performance from sxsw again . get there !
jay-z sxsw live performance
brussels attacks : police release new footage of 'man in the hat ' moments before airport attack : --full story
brussels attacks : police release new footage of 'man in the hat ' moments before airport attack : three me
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yc6d4e61uc
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hwdj4xlz4o
whoa , moves florida from red to slightly blue at 53.1 % chance of obama win .
4 moreyears .team obama ,teamforward.team i am going to vote .:)
currently reading ex-cia operative : obama never properly vetted
haha ! obama hates the vikings ! plus minnesota voters , remember that obama is a bears fan . vote
happy st . patrick's day to all . may all the doors you open lead to riches !
happy st . patrick's day everyone . one of my favorite days of the year .
[allafrica] liberia : eu scales up funding in response to ebola outbreak in west africa : [european commission ]b
liberia : eu scales up funding in response to ebola outbreak in west africa : [european commission ]brussels/daka
i love paris . have never been treated rudely there , only with warm friendliness and kindness . my heart is breaking . and i am angry .
loving thoughts to all in paris - very sad news .
still thinking about the situation that unfolded in
st . louis showed much love to the parents of mike brown trayvon martin .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xjwssmjbe1
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/87xbaozich
thoughts go out to all of the families affected in paris , what is this world coming to !
camp 'on fire ' as france reels from paris terror attacks . no connections as of now . (mirror, bbc )
so barack obama remains president , dems still have the senate , and gop still has the house .#6billiondollarswellspent
obama has been re-elected . the world is ending ! the world will be better ! how about we stop the bs and work together now ?
all getting a bit out of hand now
q1 no vote played into the hands of wealthy corporations bankers represented by westminster
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! wear (visible) green clothing today to any of our 3 locations and we'll give
letting my irish roots come out today . happy st .patricks day
did you miss interview ? find report here
minority report gesture system was real ? wow
happy st patricks day harry . please follow me
happy st patricks day niall :) have a good day bby
hey em . are you ok over there ? i just saw the news and feel for paris tonight .
no news about it , at least 80 fans are killed at the bataclan , paris
it's not need to be an islamophobe , it is necessary to see the difference between islam and the terrorists referring to islam .
what even is the answer ? we can't bow to them but retaliation just causes more fighting !
active shooting in canada , or as we call it in america , wednesday
i hope you are not near the shooting .
u can be as superior as u want right now ; that'll only make things worse for you when it's time to give answers to allah
death be to israel a terrorist nation for the murder and genocide of innocent people . west's hypocrisy totally exposed .
congrats to obama on his win , champagne 4 my campaign !
cover page from obama's home town
deadly ebola virus is 'out of control ': doctors attempt to fight the biggest-ever outbreak of the ki
[nbcnews] deadly ebola virus is 'out of control ': doctors attempt to fight the biggest-ever outbreak of the ki
the next issue of charlie hebdo will still be published . you can't kill satire .
r /worldnews: the two terrorists from the charlie hebdo shooting are held up in a house by /u/mkhbrt (17 mins . old )
happy st . patricks day ! take a look at parade in pictures :
happy st patricks day . you can follow on instagram . look up my name .
happy st patricks day you're my favourite irish by far :)
may the luck of the irish be with you today and everyday !! happy st . patrick's day !
really great piece on logarithmic scales and the nepal earthquake . was it twice as big as we thought ?
help nepal : suppo //t.co/eblzwbffy8
gonna make sandy my bitch no school monday and tuesday
this is what you get paid the big bucks for . put on your big boy pants , face sandy , and answer phones , bitch !!
lucky me with a terrible head cold this st . patrick's day weekend . going hard by pounding shots of dayquil . cheers !
everyone is celebrating st . patrick's day and i'm sitting on a farm
have a safe and happy st .patricks day !
happy st patrick's day - try not to get too messy , hmmm ?
thank you , my friend happy st . patrick's day to you yours !
it's not about bo . happy st . patrick's day !
if the pilot of the germanwings plane was arab or muslim this would totally be called a terrorist attack . smh
did the co-pilot andreas lubitz purposefully crash the plane ?top story
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sskcuwe69x
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wazwgynppp
the sound of wind against the building freaks me out .
i thought those hurricane jokes were pretty old before they even started .
dtn hollywood : sxsw cheat sheet : performances , panels , palette-pleasing eats : shirley halperin , colin stutz , gar
hollywood reporter | sxsw cheat sheet : performances , panels , palette-pleasing eats
if anyone pinches me today i will kick you . on another note , happy st . patricks day !
happy st .patrick day nialler :) have fun
it's super mario's night tonight
he's in kiev . he's wearing a micky mouse t-shirt but is backing spain ? here's his final t
foo fighters , u2 , and coldplay cancel performances in the wake of the terrorist attacks in paris .
gov . jindal demands answers about syrian refugees arriving to louisiana - ?
prayers for those boston marathon today .
to the people who argued with my post about a bombing today that was not in boston , it would be great if you'd
happy st . patrick's day ! i'm all decked out in green , anyone else ?
get after it today . happy st patricks day y'all
mingle media : the knot uses facebook to salvage 2,300 weddings disrupted by hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy's
mediamagnitude the knot uses facebook to salvage 2,300 weddings disrupted by hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy '
live in west caldwell and we got hit hard by sandy . hope your family is ok . see you at bananas on 11 /23
we bedda stop playn wit god . sandy was jus da preshow knodaworld
abc news just compared the power of category 1 hurricane sandy to 10,000 nuclear bombs hitting the east coast aaahhhhhh !
stay with for the latest and continuing coverage of hurricane sandy
''ponte pa eto , after a french tragedy , an ugly fight in america : an ugly week in politics turned the tragedy of paris into a raging
after a french tragedy , an ugly fight in america : an ugly week in politics turned the tragedy of paris i
cnn : how obama win will affect u .s.: as yet another presidential election cycle ends , it's a good time not
how obama win will affect u .s.: as yet another presidential election cycle ends , it's a good time not only
for tomorrow . happy st . patrick's day x
parade st-patrick's day !!! in montreal
happy st . patricks day ! eat , drink , and drink some more !
happy st . patrick's day from be safe today !
could you let your followers know that if they want 2 help the victims of the boston terror attack , go 2
wish i could be there for my boston , breaks my heart !
our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone tonight ! those in boston , families , friends or anyone effected . a sad
my thoughts and prayers for those injured at the
happy st . patrick's day ! if you left the house this morning without something green , beware of pinching !
last st . patricks day was more fun
kohl's donates $1m to american red cross for hurricane relief efforts
to donate $1m to hurricane sandy relief efforts
until st . patrick's day is over , the kindle version of
dyeing of river kicks off st . patrick's day weekend . it's also a very odd religious holiday where a lot of
romanian woman and her daughter are the only survivors from brussels metro bomb attack : r via
romanian woman and her daughter are the only survivors from brussels metro bomb attack : rox #
unhcr urges states not to demonize refugees over paris attacks
don't pray for paris .stand up against hateful religious ideology .
hurricane sandy is such a joke lol i wanna see a real storm !!
so who throwin the hurricane party ctfu
another in , magnitude 7.3 . donate to support ongoing relief effort
army recovers 8 bodies from crashed us helicopter
washington post - reaction from around the world to paris attacks : world leaders are reacting to the deadliest
reaction from around the world to paris attacks : world leaders are reacting to the deadliest violence to strik
half time in the final and spain's leading 2 - 0 . great game so far ! everyone is wondering whether italy can come back
yes hope ballotelli gets a couple and goes mental ha
i just said that torres will score
4 mins to score a goal . d'oh look at that space , poor defending ireland .
thinking of those people who are preparing for hurricane sandy ,stay safe , look after each other xx
looks like some prime hurricane weather .
fuck obama and romney both suck
news ! after 2 years and $2 billion , it's time to choose : obama and romney make mad dash through several swing st
blog : how to newsjack superstorm sandy
blog post : how to newsjack superstorm sandy
desperate need for food , shelter in nepal from nbc _25
baby boy rescued 22 hours after earthquake struck .
sandy shows why we need fema : jared bernstein : when states face disasters of this proportion
sandy shows why we need fema : jared bernstein : when states face disasters of this propo
6 detained in brussels raids linked to terror attacks via
6 detained in brussels raids linked to terror attacks : with at least one brussels attacker at l via . mashable
you should check out the israeli team on the ground
this is one of the most politically incorrect articles i have ever written
but my thoughts and prayers are with those who were affected by hurricane sandy .
romney was 2 % points up last poll in ohio clear lead in early voting . hurricane not going to change result
the mitt romney comercial w / the doctor on it about obama care -___- are you fuckin serious ?
if mitt wins the election well lets just say thank god i'm already a citizen in england .
oklahoma city reacts to the boston marathon
prayers go out to the injured and to the families of the ppl who were lost im tds explosions at the boston marathon
it's so scary in sydney right now , i hope everyone will be ok and unharmed
islamists attack a cafe in sydney , australia : more than a dozen hostages held inside a cafe i
photoset : lamppu : iamthedyinglight : darksugarvenom : your wonderful mitt romney : laid off thousands of
photoset : iamthedyinglight : darksugarvenom : your wonderful mitt romney : laid off thousands of workers
nepal quake : mercy malaysia sends team to help in relief efforts : petaling jaya : mercy malaysia has sent an em
star : nepal quake : mercy malaysia sends team to help in relief efforts : petaling jaya : mercy malaysia h
i'm honestly so upset about what has happened in sydney
idk about the hostages but i couldn't just sit there with my fate in someone elses hands , do something .
ohhh don't you worry hurricane is more up east woosh , thanks for keeping me in your thoughts though :)
obama warns superstorm sandy not yet over : us president barack obama said tuesday the crisis over superstorm san
it's st patrick's day or as i like to call it , monday .
happy st . patrick's day from the hood's gang !
happy st patrick's day my irish buddies
happy st . patricks day !x
thanks for sharing participating ! happy st . patrick's day !
hey dallas - celebrate st patrick's day - but remember there just until the march 31 deadline .
polls , the proper spelling is polls . a pole is a diff thing entirely .the swing states are for romney
if romney wins , we really have to fight as one , especially african americans hispanics
confused on if it's actually st . patricks day or not
st . patricks day last year was great
balzaretti has made quite a difference . italy are back in it now
yep i do . italy knocked out germany and england . u had money on germany . so to win
top of the morning to ya laddie ! happy st patrick's day ! hope you got your green on . ; p
[iclarified] the simpsons : tapped out gets updated for st . patrick's day
tech news : google executive dan fredinburg dies in everest avalanche after nepal earthq
google executive dan fredinburg dies in everest avalanche after nepal earthqua
hurricane sandy : how to help - online fundraising , advocacy , and social media - [
hurricane sandy : how to help - online fundraising , advocacy , and social media - [del.ici
st . patrick's day is probably the most over rated holiday .
i didn't know it was st .patricks day today hahah
financial services rockstars people are crying out for community
sweet ! and likewise ! greetings from sunny sxsw !
did hurricane sandy already hit ? how bad was it ?
please plan ahead . rt last subway trains at 7 pm , last mta buses at 9 pm tonight .
bringing red , white and orange face paint to :-)
why is james corden like the ireland football team ? because he managed to trap a tony .
st patricks day in newcastle and the place is heaving !
wtf does st .patrick's day even celebrate ?
thinking abt lebanon paris , but working on lesson plans for my guitar students to stay grateful and keep from falling into utter despair
pray for paris our hearts and thoughts are with you .
best part of st . patricks day ? patrick was scottish :)
glad st . patricks day is over for good !!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy st . patricks day kian . :-)
happy st patricks day to everyone away from home .. xxx
baby pulled from nepal earthquake rubble after 22 hours - cnn : cnnbaby pulled from nep
baby pulled from nepal earthquake rubble after 22 hours - cnn : cnnbaby pulled from nepal earthquake rubble aft
happy st . patrick's day my fellow irish man
9 in a row for the bruins ! and first time they have beat the wild at the garden . happy st . patrick's day !
france starting xi vs england : lloris , debuchy , mexes , rami , evra , cabaye , diarra , nasri , malouda , ribery , benzema .
france team v england : lloris , evra , mexes , rami , debuchy , malouda , cabaye , diarra , ribery , nasri , benzema
watch live - president discusses and iraq (via
live : president obama speaking about iraq and
great dinner with the crew now a break for game then we conquer austin . go green !
i think it is so awesome that you texans have a dance . florida never had a dance !
jeff masters explains calmly and in depth why melt may have helped influence path
we're going through the river and over the woods to grandmothers housethanks a lot
happy st . patricks day . may the wind be forever at your back .
happy st patricks day harry . please follow me
red cross suspends ebola operations in southeast guinea after threats : dakar (thomson reuter vi
most read today : red cross suspends ebola operations in southeast guinea after threats : dakar (thomson reuters
i think obama has over promised on reducing the deficit ..but romney has completely lied about it . his plan can
yurp that's why everybody need to go out and vote obama
[aa] nigeria : who confirms liberian died of ebola in nigeria : [deutsche welle ]a man has died of ebola und
nigeria : who confirms liberian died of ebola in nigeria : [deutsche welle ]a man has died of ebola under quarant
this is really interesting , children's newspaper reports on paris . i particularly like the last bit in bold .
still devastated by the . let's offer 1 rosary or more for them .
ok so no work tomorrow from the hurricane
i feel like i'm gonna wake up at 5 tomorrow get ready for school and walk outside get blown away by a hurricane into
go obama go ! that's right republicans
really am quite shocked obama won both virginia and florida .
so who is everyone gonna vote for after obama's second term is over ? nobody ?
if y'all wanna have food stamps , all that other shxt y'all better vote barrack obama tomorrow '
germanwings pilot locked out of cockpit before plane crash : one of the two pilots flying the germanwings airbu
germanwings crash : students , singers among the victims - cnn
alright sandy , bring it on you one eye'd whore .
rt the bitch sandy here yet ?
feeling a lot of love for my hometown on long island right now . my family is okay , but my heart goes out to all affected by hurricane sandy .
beware of fake accounts trying to benefit from hurricane sandy , which could lead to hacking /spam. always verify acct
yayyy big bird still got a job !
this just in : it has just been confirmed that nicki minaj's ass got its own electoral vote . no word on which way it went .
have bought a quality striker , row z - podolski
it should be 1 -0 right now .. stupid ref
usps , laborthe federal government's looking pretty darn competent in the face of . |
video and photos of devastation from lbi . not for faint of heart // special thanks to
happy st patrick's day ! come join us and get your irish on !
happy st . patrick's day susa fans !!!!
breaking news : ottawa police now confirm one suspect has been killed . 2 suspects remain at large .
breaking : ottawa police say they believe there is more than one shooter . - suspect . more than one suspect . please be more careful .
happy st . patrick's day - carrot style ?
happy st . patrick's day - my grandmother was irish so i am part irish .
there's a lot of jokers be on there lol ! happy st patrick's day !
happy saint patrick's day to all our irie people bless it up enjoy have fun peace in
happy st . patricks day !!!!!!! may the luck of the irish always be with you
happy st patrick's day ! beep beep !! (ps i'm not irish )
paris attacks mastermind abdelhamid abbaoud is dead , confirm french prosecutors
| mastermind of paris attacks abdelhamid abaaoud identified among raid dead : prosecutor
the most exciting thing about a mitt romney rally ? hope ? change ? or being frisked by the us secret service in virginia on the
congrats on making our list ! top 10 pro-romney universities :
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hhfhleovtc
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zkaqkjepfm
obama is so like cool omg
all i know is obama can't blame 8 years on the bush administration . but i wrote in
attack . bizar new video from inside bar when terrorists start shooting people dive .
then explain turkish fans shouting allahu akbar during a moment of silence for paris
[video - cnn ] suspect shot as police investigate brussels attacks
suspect shot as police investigate brussels attacks : nine people have been arrested and a suspect has be
now this is what we call a st . patrick's day ensemble !
happy st . patrick's day ! get your green on and join us at bruno's pizzeria cucina for $3.75 beers all day !!
i didn't see this picture when it was published . thank you , . your work matters .
: steps up after attack . will the bloodshed ever end ?
had a dream last night that michelle obama gave me nearly $400 and then her and i took pictures with one of her daughters .
what does the world expect from barack obama ? by
quick article on the announcement of the launch of occupy central in hong kong
only borrowing the words of our dear beloved tung chee-hwa re : 2 weeks ago !
calm before the storm should really transition to eerie before the storm ..sandy, i am not looking forward to meeting you .
sandy a ho , she just blowing everything
happy thanks for the follow following back .
happy st . patrick's day , friars !
join the semifinal by at 2 :30 pm et for v
euro 2012 semifinal no . 2 : germany v italy - lineups and match thread .
state department : 2 more americans identified as killed in
new post : state department : 2 more americans are brussels victims
special report : brussels attacks suspect reportedly arrested : najim laachraoui is also suspected of involvemen
special report : brussels attacks suspect reportedly arrested : najim laachraoui is also suspected of invo
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ew1nw1j6l8
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dtsvrzdzs9
reports of shooting and casualties in central paris . via
oh no not again !'shootings and casualties ' reported in central paris -
foxnews : sandy's death toll hits 39 ; damage could top $20 billion : waves slam into a lighthouse on lake erie nea
sandy's death toll hits 39 ; damage could top $20 billion : waves slam into a lighthouse on lake erie near cleveland , after monster sto
couldn't sleep last night because of the anticipation . let's go ! let's have another parade !
been waiting for this day since september
y'avolle deutschland !! i haven't seen germans dominate the dutch like that since don't go there .
spain for the win ? i think so !!
jesus christ , steven gerrard was actually quite charismatic in that interview
the two most beautiful national european team logos competing this morning .
where not even getting hit by the hurricane
these hurricane sandy tweets though loooool
if your a g you'll go trick or treating in the middle of sandy on wednesday !
approx . 2 hours till i start to feel the brunt of this bitch sandy ..
who's ready for the next big england dissapointment
goosebumps setting in , don't wanna get ahead and build up too much but come on england
i don't think this hurricane is gonna be that bad to baltimore
put that hurricane in my face ! i aint got no worries
sxsw all day . lounge w / 6 others )
crushed it on talking sports journalism , twitter today . i had to sit in my car in driveway until it was over
dear america . if you don't vote for romney , then us sane brits will do our best to get the tory fuckwits out of power as soon as we can .
is if osma bin laden is some how still alive he endorses barack obama from the white house lawn .
guess after the tear gas +rubber bullets on peaceful protestors kinda proves why the ppl say they don't trust their police !
doing a great job of making the residents out to be the bad guys in all of this . fuck you cnn
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines (via
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippin ff
cbs news : bodies spotted near crashed u .s. chopper in nepal
kathmandu (reuters) - the wreckage of a u .s. military helicopter that went missing on tuesday in nepal has bee
i hate st patricks day but was in dublin for it 2 years ago .. superb
just wanna say happy st . patricks day . and also are op !!!!
the independent : germanwings co-pilot 'deemed unsuitable for flight -
andreas lubitz : germanwings co-pilot 'deemed unsuitable for flight duties ' during training
last year is st . patrick day .remember? :d
happy st . patrick's day ilysm
trying to get fucked up on st patrick's day lls
happy st patricks day . half of me is quite proud .
today gone b a good fuckin day
yay another 4 yrs of you making the u .s a better place . supporting us gay's . i love you obama
theverysimong cher kathy griffin's anti-romney message (hilarious warning ): when two very outspoke (#fashion)
cher kathy griffin's anti-romney message (hilarious warning )
happy st . patrick's day to the fool that gave up alcohol for lent o .o
happy st patrick's day to friends near and far xx
u2 cancel paris concert , hbo special in wake of terrorist attacks : u2 were scheduled to play ber
just wait , muslims will get attacked in paris and absolutely no one will say anything about it
buy cannabis seeds : nepal earthquake : 'no one from the government has come to offer us ev
don't tell porkies nepal earthquake : 'no one from the government has come to offer us eve
all my thoughts go out to those affected by sandy . read about some student's stories
donating $75k to for relief in us , caribbean . learn how you can donate too through wu -
better vote tomorrow or leslie will find them and kill them slowly with her 500 obama bumper stickers
with mitt chances are good , though not certain , i'll see movement in the right direction . with obama wrong direction is certain
happy st . patrick's day ! mahoneys irish pub
happy st patrick's day from nz to all my irish friends , too many to mention here !
links 7 /12/2014: typhoon hagupit , auroragold : links for the day
typhoon hagupit smashes into the philippines * typhoon hagupit
any chance of a //t.co/vkv6r5k8 cheers mate
sweden reportedly has the most loyal travelling fans in
hope to god that obama wins !! who are you rooting for ?
no 4 potus romney potus follows constitution or swift impeachment thank u marco rubio
public announcement : lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips do rt
public announcement : lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government h
sad how many people may die from this hurricane just from the power outages . couldn't imagine needing to rely on medical equipment right now
!!! i tweeted about you read under that tweet it's about the hurricane niggaa
it's all good scotland , we still love you . make up sex later ?
i vote 'yes' to joining scotland .
happy st . patrick's day from renaissance dental group !
happy st .patricks day . 17 % off all day at
celebrated st patrick's day by wearing green to the office . my director asked if i was dressed as one of the merry men .
this could be you !,..but chu celebratin st . patrick's day !,.and don't know yo history !,..
drunken shenanigans on st patrick's day .
white people take st .patricks day way too seriously .
i wish i was in bg today ! st . patricks day isn't the same anywhere else !
happy st patricks day .but first let me take a
aline bastin , who loved to see and photograph the world , dies in brussels attacks : ms . bastin , a press and com
aline bastin , who loved to see and photograph the world , dies in brussels attacks : ms . bastin , a
kelly clarkson that was the second best anthem i have seen , second only to miss whitney houston .
kelly clarkson knew the words to the anthem
sweden plays england tomorrow though so i've got to be sure to cut my meeting short so i can come home and watch fo
2 - 0 my prediction what are we thinking
to all those in the wake of sandy . be safe !
fans , click to learn where to donate to the to help with hurricane sandy relief :
st patrick's parade is coming soon via
st . patrick's day parade with my bro
1 -president obama final campaign ral .. | 2 -2012 congressional race analysis | 3 -security forces in northern africa ..
most important day this year . good luck obama .
somewhere ted nugent is sodomizing a donkey right now as an outlet for his rage .
turns out that chuck norris ' vote doesn't actually beat all other votes . i feel so disillusioned .
romney will make america stable again , he will at least clean up some of obomas crap to .
whatever . if romney wins , we're all done for .
our thoughts go out to those affected by hurricane .
i am fine here in pittsburgh ! power almost wen out :( but still i am good are you ? that hurricane sandy was a big one !
elena __5sos : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
giu_origa : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
waitwas today st . patrick's day ?
wait today's st patricks day ?
england have got to keep a tight back line . like this lot
this england france game is fucking great .
obama's re-election applauded around the world
will president obama do more for african americans ?
i gotta make some noise at sxsw some how some way !!
directors with spotmaking ties continue to emerge at sxsw fest : vitamin's creative and production staff assisted
fortunate to live in a country where we can challenge our leaders create social change in a democratic peaceful way
also added some $nwbd.l prefs . had been holding off on purchase until after but still offering 6.7 % yield .
i thank david stern was pose to say hurricane sandy
david stern drunk ?! he said katrina , that was years ago man this hurricane named sandy
it is not st patrick's day until monday .
out to start these st . party day festivities !!
won , no work or school 2 morrow and a new in 1 hour ! not excited abt but u gotta take it as it comes .
sandy .. i will name my first child after you
first guinness of st patricks day long over due
six places to celebrate st . patrick's day with in
live notes for games 4 change : great power , great responsibi at
live notes for get the look : use + css 3 like the at
hi -honestly. d'u think peeps outside of should not get involved in discussion of invst'n town policing ?
every media professional and politician should watch that presser as a prime example of what not to do
people who are marking themselves as safe during the nepal earthquake is just completely disrespectful and you will all be deleted off my fb
people marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake on facebook when you live in england , please remove yourself
if greece scores it has to come from a set piece
greece are most definitely not a young team , couple of their players seem to have a receding hairline , or a ball batch forming
people need your support to pls retweet .
ppl need your support to pls retweet
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/an14fo47j7
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qzdcl7ujhb
(photo) taking no chances : jim iyke flees liberia over ebola scare , gets featured on uk daily mai via matt_ews
(photo) taking no chances : jim iyke flees liberia over ebola scare , gets featured on uk dail
trending hashtags right now york
dear new york , please stay inside . there's no award for braving this storm . unless you're a reporter . then you might
12 dead in terrorist attack on paris weekly ; gunmen escape - via really sad ..
today is a sad day . nevertheless , the freedom of the press and speech will stand strong ! may the victims rest in peace ..
repulik czech 1 vs 0 grecce
well czech republic are already 1 -0 up against greece
sorry about sandy storms in the united states , the patient only face of this natural disaster
about to make my own snow day since sandy let me down .
lmfao that's a bad thing for a hurricane
me : maa i can't sit in this house alll day . i gotta go somewhere . her : go stand outside when the hurricane come .
don lemon about to put on gas mask , but puts on vest instead as protests escalate .
don lemon looks hot in gas mask + bullet proof vest . ,
keep everyone that was affected by this tragedy in your prayers
the whole boston thing that went down today just made this day so much worse , some guy lost his girlfriend and children
good morning ! st patrick's day !
may the luck of the irish be with you ! from everyone here at we wish you a happy st . patrick's day !
tune in now and know more about the deadly ebola virus wiv
jim iyke featured in uk daily mail for fears of contracting ebola virus
: belgian-born abdelhamid abaaoud 'identified as mastermind '
[staronline nation ] belgian national abaaoud could be commander of paris attacks - source : paris (reuters) - a
air environment | prepared philippines spared the worst of typhoon hagupit - irish times
breaking : prepared philippines spared the worst of typhoon hagupit - irish times : irish tim
happy st . patrick's day ! the irish always have beautiful blessings !
happy st patricks day my fellow irish wankers :p
a number of people reportedly injured after gunman opens fire in paris
'kinnel, it's going off in paris ..
i'm black y'all obama made it happen we ain't taking no more shyt no more
bbc news - kenyan twins named after barack obama and mitt romney haha , interesting
john mcternan you are the perfect example of whom hurricane sandy should have killed . possibly in the most painful way p
in all this hurricane weather .you wearing stockings and shorts ?
this hurricane better not f up my birthday weekend
if any of you die in hurricane sandy can i have your pvrs ?
supporting my country regardless who makes the squad
who would you play carroll or welbeck ?
social media , twitter , instagram key news sources for sandy | via
ms sandy knocked my school's lights out ! ^_^
mayors , brewers boycott st . patrick's parades
i'm guessing yours has something to do with st patricks day ?
what information about sandy would advisers give obama in situation room that would have helped anybody , anywhere ? what decision then ?
axel blomqvist hardest working hurricane tonight !! axel blomqvist clap clap clapclapclap
2 am advisory just issued on hurricane : storm is turning north . expected to bring life-threatening storm surge .
someone is blasting music on webster again like we're all about to die from a hurricane what are you doing with your life
my thoughts and prayers are focused on all those affected by the bombings .
thank you to all of u for being there to help those in need during this horrific bombing ! we appreciate all u do .#prayforboston
a good solution for nyc marathoners and sandy victims . spread the word !
buzzfeed - nyc after hurricane sandy in one image
drinking already . i think it's going to be a (very) long night .
if you can wait in line to buy the new iphone , you can wait in line to vote !
happy st . patrick's day ! 17 % off anything !
thank you for making my st . patricks day great already !
i feel the iphone weather app may have slightly underestimated the weather in new york
thanks for keeping us posted on the impact of sandy with the rts of supers throughout the regionmuch appreciated !
i'll save a animal from the hurricane !
what i will do today for tomorrow - donate all the clothes i dont wear anymore to
it's not only , but talking to your abt tragedy gr8read by
you're ignorant to say 'no (syrian) refugees were part of paris attack ' while it was still being sorted out , too , as if biased
ireland may have lost but they definitely have the best fans still singing the fields of athenry
what's with this font ? terrible . would have preferred .
make no mistake folks , the 2 party system sucks ! i hate mitt romney but hate obama even more . one big ass mistake america
if mitt romney is elected president i am moving to canada
one things for sure , these two sides are shocking ..
football isn't just a sport , it's a way of life
read an aussie human rights perspective as i follow refugees through europe ; lesbos-belgrade
- aussie girls perspective as i follow the refugees from lesbos-belgrade
games on today are promising ,can't wait !
group of death games today , canadian grand prix tomorrow . weekend sorted .
happy st patricks day from roxy !
it's st patricks day where are would i be ??? pub w / 9 others )
reminder : we will be open on st . patrick's day !!
congrats to st . patricks day tournament champs lady warriors ! dennay , cherokee , jelani , sophi , coach rob ,
what was it like when all great things where just great and not turned into a political argument ?? just enjoy the game
let's go greece . i wonder if their athletes are paid with relics instead of euros ?
watching x-men 2 .. and thinking if they r there .. watching l0l ? kinda funny
sandy dead ass ruined everything . theres no gas . people lost their places . with no gas im not gonna be able to go to allentown tomorrow .
haunting mt boston globe photographer eyewitness account of the tragedy in boston : http
||bummed about boston's explosions . i like explosions , but thisdangthis isnt what i meant
i have giants winning 30 - 26 over the patriots
the only game i watch all year is the ..and only because there's an even ratio of game to commercials
italy-spain for final . italy will win it
spain !!!!!!! that was some nerve racking pens ! poor ronaldo *arf arf *
come on people ! be real . the result of this will be just like last time they play . nyg will definite win !
i love so much !?!?! maybe going to ???
so good ! forgot it was her .r review :jamie chung does star-makng work in harrowing sxsw award-winner'eden '
that thing about snider and fox and subversiveness ? 'in the beginning ' in a church .
obama's or romney's foreign policy : does it matter who wins ? via
i'm am so proud of mitt . he has crafted his message , worked tirelessly , and advocated patriotism . thank you ! we just need to vote .
the group of death group b some good games on today germany game at 2 :45
michael ballack thinks that alexi lalas is a ding dong .
for the most up-to-date news on hurricane , follow our live coverage :
okkkk so about this hurricane though
sandy is my girl because she kept my professor trapped in vermont lol =)
are you a homeowner sorting through the mess left by ? here are some tips on filing an insurance claim
cnn giving amazing coverage to hostage crisis . lots more info too . is this really happening in our sydney ? praying for a happy ending soon
very impressed with the way australians are dealing with the hostage situation in sydney .
did you about the bombs detonated in boston u .s.
my heart goes out to all those affected by the tragedy and perplexing evil that happened yesterday in boston .
1 . more iranians have been imprisoned , tortured executed since took office
i'd just vote for obama .. no doubt about it .
that is if sandy don't mess up my work flow
still awake . the next two days are gonna be insane with this hurricane comming .
you can help : mapping for relief operations after earthquake in :
nepal urges foreign rescue workers in capital to return home : nepal urges fore
paris attack prompts name holdout isis pharmaceuticals to finally rebran
japan news paper - paris attack prompts name holdout isis pharmaceuticals to finally rebrand
in reference to the opposite of the overreaction from the right about the paris attacks and isis .
police search paris suspects ' premises : french police investigating friday's deadly attacks search pre
sxsw 2012 : the future of gaming : search engine does , along with some future methods of applying video game +
the hash tag is gaining some popularityso clever totally soggy in austin !
mt please be advised swat unit is not on the scene in . contact with questions /concerns.
the day in which government arms are pointed at innocent americans is also the day we see the end of a free society
happy st . patrick's day !! sports banquet ..
happy st . patrick's day ! make sure to celebrate safely !
i aint movin from my bed until hurricane sandy is over
hurricane sandy better not interfere with my internet connection
nepal airport bans larger planes - read it here !
uk-bbc : nepal airport bans larger planes . more -
new york : night and day : amidst the post-sandy recovery efforts , we would like to share with you new york : nigh
new york : night and day : amidst the post-sandy recovery efforts , we would like to share with you
are the gang members (bloods-red bandanas ) those stirring up people and throwing molotov cocktails
my first piece using prototyping , thank - can vr lives ?
at this point i could really care less about st patricks day tbh
happy st . patrick's day candice
(( abc mundial )) what we know about the germanwings co-pilot : the co-pilot who was at the controls when the germanwings plane crashe
((lifestylenews)) what we know about the germanwings co-pilot : the co-pilot who was at the controls when the germanwings plane crashe
it's so devastating what happened in paris . :(
what happened in paris ?? i been at work all day
link for scmp's live update blog , there were scuffles among protesters earlier : l
scmp's live update blog , there were scuffles among protesters earlier : l
how are you ? happy st . patrick's day !! xxx
st . patrick's day , not wearing green .
happy st . patrick's day from tcgrx .
happy st patrick's day my friends . may the wind always be at your back cause you know how annoying it is in your face .
this is the sweetest and most heartwarming video about the paris attacks i have seen .
vowing to destroy terrorism , france seeks global coalition against islamic state : paris
rt chopped it up with the homie last night about how aint shit for not coming to sxsw
high five for me if you see him around sxsw . hahah
ukr 0 -0 swe end 1 st half
ht ' 46 ' ukr 0 - 0 swe
: french police carries out raids over paris attacks ajenews
french police make three arrests linked to paris attacks via
the greatest thing about st . patrick's day are the jokes about the irish .
warm up for st patrick's day with :
a timeline to understand the michael brown shooting the subsequent fallout in :
a timeline to understand the michael brown shooting amp ; the subsequent fallout in :
election gave obama and boehner chance for a do-over - bloomberg
election gave obama and boehner chance for a do-over - bloomberg : the hinduelection gave obama and
glad obama's still president . romney would've drove the country to the ground !
there is one good thing about obama , just add a g !
bag of wind ? mark lawrenson calling the kettle etc
putting the humble kuchen in the oven , just in case .
wow what's going on in paris right now is terrible
genuinely makes me so upset and scared when things like this happen like actually imagine being in paris right now
new quake strikes nepal : another strong earthquake has struck nepal near mt everest , sending frig
nepal shocked once again .this is horrible !
1 st of many ! happy st patricks day
happy st . patricks day to all ; take it easy now ;)where will you be celebrating ?
thoughts and prayers to victims of the attacks at brussels airport and brussels subway . :'(
now a warzone . sleeper cells came into action . track down all supporters of daesh immediate .
happy st . patrick's days baby
is st . patrick's day your favorite holiday ?
potus : now is the time for healing , now is the time of peace and calm on the streets of
obama : now is the time for healing , peace and calm on streets of . time for open and transparent process into what was done .
let our hearts be broken by senseless violence in boston let us recommit to being one people , one family .
thinking of those in boston positive thoughts and vibes for everyone
our thoughts and prayers are with the families impacted by today's events in brussels
my thoughts and prayers for those affected by the terrible event in brussels
aust police confirm three dead including gunman
police now confirming three dead including the gunman in . presser to begin soon .
lahm that should have been a clear goal
and we were so negative about england have a word with shearer will you .
happy saint patricks day twaggots !
happy st patrick's day !!! house at the linq
hope everyone who was on si for the hurricane is ok
we are thinking about those who have been affected by hurricane . want to help ? we've set up a special donation fund .
from death toll from ebola surges in west africa
[nytimes] death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm : the number of new cases and deaths in
anyone else notice the sudden similarity between kelly clarkson and khloe kardashian ?
kelly clarkson nailed it !! looked & sounded beautiful !!
i just heard about what's happening in paris . this is beyond horrible . thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families .
man that is horrible what happened in paris prayers go out to affected families
shopping - design gallery kong international airport
berliner from protest at former berlin wall for more democracy
via breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-long investigat
breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-long inves
taking the day off after st . patrick's day was such a good idea .
i liked a video st .patrick's day in canada
riding with obama cause he dnt give me problems
everyone acting like obama is gunna change their life or some shit , +governments
mario gomez possibly the best striker in the world
gomez is destroying all by himself netherlands - germany 0 : 2 .
short staff tries to cope with ebola : as an outbreak worsened , a pay dispute with n
short staff tries to cope with ebola : as an outbreak worsened , a pay dispute with nurses left a sho
i got my green for today st patricks day nails !
happy st . patrick's day earthquake !
sandy regains hurricane strength after downgrade to tropical storm : storm expected to move to th
gaurdian : sandy regains hurricane strength after downgrade to tropical storm : storm expected to move to the sout
sandy : u .s. death toll at least 39 - upi .comsandy: u .s. death toll at least 39 upi .coma powe
thats crazy . sandy fcked us up
'months' until brussels airport normal : it will take months to reopen brussels airport fully ,
'months' until brussels airport normal : it will take months to reopen brussels airport fully ff
a good friend is in bringing aid to rural villages . help raise funds on
and anyone know how can i do volunteer in nepal ?
tomorrow is st .patrick's day but you better not pinch me bc my chromosomes are green
monday night football : in honor of st . patrick's day , here is a bit on when i played ncaa american football in
all my thoughts and prayers go to paris . how could someone do something so terrible ?
prayers go out to people in paris right now
usatoday : reports : suspects tied to terror plots arrested in brussels and paris
reports : suspects tied to terror plots arrested in brussels and paris (usa today )
happy st . patrick's day ! have a safe and (green) holiday .
happy st . patrick's day from the colbert report
the paris attacks , syrian refugees and how this
will the paris attacks affect fundraising for syrian refugees ?
it's st . patricks day tomorrow ? wut
in case you were wondering why we celebrate st . patrick's day tomorrow
what's happening in paris is insane man
automatic gunfire , explosions rock paris ; aleast 26 reported dead , dozens wounded : doug g . wareparis , nov . 13 (upi) -- an attack invo
are we gonna see split screen on thursday ? obama campaigning in green bay | citizens cleaning up after sandy .
maryland 'dodged a bullet ' with powerful storm (by
icymi : ottawa blogger on why he's holding his children extra tight tonight
get caught up on the breaking news . lays out how the shooting unfolded
old miss i'm praying for you . this is truly saddening !! students riot over pres . obama re-election
if we have school tomorrow i'm gonna be tighter then mitt romney's white ass last night
another obama presidency makes me want to do absolutely nothing .
you can say all you want about obama he still the president . :-p
st patrick day on a monday turn up
happy (almost) st . patrick's day . what will you be cooking ?
ebola : lagos educates residents on ways to prevent outbreak : worrie
[news update ] | ebola : lagos educates residents on ways to prevent outbreak |via daily post
ottawa shooting : michael zehaf-bibeau's belongings seized by police
canadian news reports on yesterday's terrorist-motivated shooting at parliament hill
looks like hurricane sandy has made her way to michigan .
hey , i'm fine thanks for asking . i hope all is well with you . sandy was pretty mean .
russia looks solid knew they'd come out hot !
dzagoev is beast , helped make the chance then finished , glad he is in my fantasy team and by bet on russia has started well
happy st . patrick's day ! inc
happy st . patrick's day ! got some good traditional stuff playing today .
cops just signed their own pr death warrant by going after reporters for mainstream outlets .
bruh wow wait , police gassed their own damn state senator ???
oh geez . at this rate portugal will set a record for most corners .
ronaldo just might do it for portugal today :)
heartbreaking ! 4 -month-old boy dies from ebola virus !: it is truly heartbreaking to hear about the n
heartbreaking ! 4 -month-old boy dies from ebola virus !: it is truly heartb
obama won , that just concluded my travellin plans . now i have to leave this countrybut the problem is this , where to ???
yall kinda late on this obama victory tho
buy sms arik suspends all flights to liberia and sierra leone to contain spread of ebola virus visit
bulk sms arik suspends all flights to liberia and sierra leone to contain spread of ebola virus visit
story on chefs for seniors has me thinking about my folksexcellent inspiring diversion from nepal aftermath .
'nepal' appeared on sunday 26 at the 15 th place in the top 20 of kenya's trends :
gay roman theme for halftime apparently
directs feed not working during halftime
won't be pouring the guinness tonight stick to irish whiskey . nobody said gays weren't allowed this is st . patrick's day not gay pride day .
happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy our slideshow of the west orange parade :
obama re-elected for another four yearsopen minded i see a better future ..our kids generation have a fighting chance
i vote on obama because of niall
i cannot friggin ' believe the won . this is amazing x infinity .
in 2008, the ny giants won the and won the election . i think it's time for a motherfucking en
happy st patricks day . to be sure . to be sure . you have a good day
happy st . patrick's day ! be safe today and if you go out , be nice to your bartenders !
pretty sure my dad is voting for romney simply because he so desperately wants to fit in with the rich .
didn't ruin this economy , did :p
celebrities tweet reactions to barack obama's presidential win - george lopez
goodmorningg , i woke up happy . obama is still president .
must haves ! gearing up for st patrick's day
any plans to celebrate st . patricks day ??
yare germanwings plane crash : weather to impede search for 150 victims in the - cnn : the news interna yare
germanwings plane crash : weather to impede search for 150 victims in the - cnn mat global jp
and because it's st . patrick's day : leprechauns , castles , good luck and laughter .lullabies, dreams and love ever after .
happy st . patrick's day and congratulations to the crimeans !!! free at last !
pining for cadbury bubbly on this st . patrick's day . don't mock-it will change your life . well , at least the
my true thoughts on saint patrick's day
soo that debatable portugal is sick germany has no chance
come on portugal , should be a quality gameeeeeee !
makes me think of you . and actually watch .
not sure if i should be watching or the right now
asia markets down after paris attacks , japan in recession geo news
paris attacks deepen republican opposition to refugees via
all this going on in brussels and obama is at a baseball game
plot twist : sending condolences to brussels does not mean you're ignorant to the other terrorist attacks taking place in the world
please stay save during hurricane sandy !!!
sending out good karma for safety to my east coast tweeps as you ride out hurricane sandy
or romney , guess he'd be good too
president obama : when the cynics said we couldn't : you said 'yes we can .' you said 'yes we can ,' and we did .
have a great st . patrick's day folks ! hill road , se3
happy st . patrick's dayplease retweet this while you're still sober . -
to all our irish followers , happy st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day with guinness :-)
get out and vote !! obama supporters we have to show up and show out !!
you got me taken off the list cause i might vote for obama
with romney vanquished , i wonder if progressives will hold obama accountable in term 2 on drones , the drug war , wall street , etc .
damn , a man killed himself , wife 2 kids because he thought obama was going to lose the election . that's crazy
i hope everyone who celebrates had a great st . patrick's day !
why can't you borrow $ from a leprechaun ? because they're always short ! hope you had a great st . patrick's day !
r u prepared ? with the remnants of expected to reach york region check out emergency management ontario for tips
for those around the state were sandy hit pls be safe !
naija peeps making fun of romney .. the fact , romney is far better than our president so cut him some slack
thank fuck for that . so glad obama won :l
appearently 3 people are dead , dammit i wanted no people dead , but i guess what you want is not what you're gonna get
i hope that all the love and support that everyone needs is available to them .
still applies today ! vote obama out !
i like obama , but romney is a fan .
but what about the kkk in missouri ?? sorry paris but we need to fix this shit first
omg omg . paris , stay safe ! such a sad news ! seriously , those stirring up shit and killing innocents should never be forgiven .
two of the softest bookings you will ever see and he's sent off . gutted for him .
sokratis gets an unwarranted second yellow at the end of the first half . greek chances looking worse , down 1 -0 to poland at 46 '
just because we black ??president of america is black yet still the cops killing black people for no reason . wake up obama
shit went down to you obama lets see what you will do
killed friday 7 /11:ghalia thieb ghannam , 7, rafah
the true story of what is happening now in palestine .#gazaunderattack
i never have anything green to wear for st . patrick's day ..
lol but then again it is st . patricks day
bendtners a better finisher than ronaldo
ronaldo should have buried his two chances
from famousbloggers : find out how sxsw is getting covered on social media in future of engagement !: social media
find out how sxsw is getting covered on social media in future of engagement !: social media : south by southwest
the silence regarding who is responsible for the boston marathon bombings is deafening . the area was covered in cam
let's all keep boston in our thoughts and prayers today !! dks
friending pharma at sxsw tell us your thoughts please diabetesmine : now that it's becoming acceptable to inc
sxsw : danny brown loves adidas and girls : lucky magazine : this rapper makes head-to-toe adidas look good .lucky
if power goes out cause of this hurricane and i get tomorrow off i'm drinking all day
just ate a whole bag of edamame and drank a beer in honor if the hurricane day tomorrow
'the strongest storm on record ': hurricane patricia makes landfall in mexico
hurricane patricia makes landfall in southwestern mexico
latest : sandy cancellations start receding : kimmel back on , concert industry creeps back
sandy cancellations start receding : kimmel back on , concert industry creeps back
shooting at parliament hill supposedly a soldier
starting the morning with a shooting on parliament hill and a soldier dying (i think ).
good teeth-pulling : gov't spends $140 billion on tech a year . what does apple pay out to app developers ? $2 billion /yr.
the most important set of conversations i had at sxsw : how 2012 internet might be worse for voters :
if you are undecided , vote for the man with conviction heart . vote for president barack obama
romney wants to cut financial aid , proof he doesnt care bout middle-lower class
wellll , four more years of obama anyone else .
obama won ..i guess people want abortion ?
so i totally put on the sandy 15 and i feel gross . haven't been to hot yoga in a week . looking to daria as i
if your house is hit by a dolphin , do not go out to see if the dolphin is okay . that is how the hurricane tricks you into coming outside .
paris attacks : france vows 'merciless' response to unprecedented atrocity (news)
will your home sides have a min silence for paris today ?
#3 sign sergio floccari in your game . he's the dog's conkers . save your game , put the kettle on and enjoy
kev the psychic chicken can suck it . oranje will get 3 today .
i haven't been as active talking about genrecon as i've been focused on sandy info - but the con starts tomorrow !
smh . sandy really fcuked up the whole tri-state area . no one thought it would be this bad .
someone tell it's sandy not katrina .. to show how how much distant these dude are from reality ..
did david stern sayhurricane katrina ??? wtf ??? lmao let's go heat !!
happy st . patricks day from the coolest sisters you know _tselli_
i liked a video from fifa 14 ultimate team (fut 14 ) pack opening | 10 25 k st patrick day
pretty unreal hearing about boston . thoughts and prayers are with them .
our hearts go out to those who have been injured or lost a loved one today in the boston marathon . we are praying for them and all involved .
looking for ways to celebrate the st .patrick's day weekend ? check out these to-do's !
i'm a real big celebrator of st patricks day
update | us death toll from superstorm sandy rises to at least 76 | via
u .s. death toll from superstorm rises to at least 76 . u .s. death toll from s
happy st . patrick's day . wish i could actually drink for it :-(
happy st patrick's day to all my friends near and far . or as jimmy flannery would say . what did st
audio file extracted from debris of germanwings aircraft
germanwings : inside the search for bodies and answers in the alps , alps , germanwings , in the
how seamless defied sandy , kept the hot meals coming , and inspired twitter love : seamless is a st
how seamless defied sandy , kept the hot meals coming , and inspired twitter love : seamless is a staple
it's been st . patrick's day for at least four days
green hair means never having to know whether it's st . patrick's day .
my heart goes out to the people in brussels and turkey these attacks are horrible
our tv report from brussels with footage of aftermath of today's attacks :
st . patrick's day through irish eyes via
my st . patrick's day accessory
sxsw documentary explores the human side of tech [exclusive video ]: when we live in a world of technology *sc
sxsw documentary explores the human side of tech [exclusive video ]: when we live in a world of te
being from new zealand and being extremly stoked for america :) well done !
what about florida ? obama topped the 300 electoral vote mark without it , but latest returns show he might win there , too . still counting
happy st patricks to you and the whole family :)
in other news . happy st and patrick's day
thank you ! best spot of the night - beckham in h &m undies !
hope coca-cola is going to do something to help polar bears !
if romney get elected for president , ima be trappin full-time .
the navy seal got their target not obama he was not there they did not step down but obama did that it
concertgoer describes escape from paris carnage via
attack like paris happens coz we let them .
drugs /pharma $ paris attacks : disneyland paris won't open on saturday
manager $ paris attacks : disneyland paris won't open on saturday
cant wait to run in the middle of the hurricane tomorrow
in the path of don't worry got ur back just like he did w / in or the pakistani
monday 6 /11 at 9 am : france v england
dear daniel levy please sign jelavic many thanks
some people take st . patrick's day too serious !
happy st patrick's day . do you know what not to say on this day ?
obama wins ! gnomes vs snowmen is still too close to call . have you voted ?
not all obama supporters are bums ! just stop !
beautiful :) happy st patrick day
it's st . patricks day . i'm a ginger . so what ?
rescues under way in delaware as hurricane takes aim at new jersey -
iwas suppose to be off cuz this hurricane was suppose to blow kfc away
final tonight . the germans fell short . can italy win it ?
actually , i don't care who will win today .
happy sr . patrick day everybody ( im wear green ) yeah !!
happy st . patricks day cleveland from terminal o'tower !
boise came in right after nashville in representation at sxsw this year ! so cool . see you next week at treefort ht
boise came in right after nashville in representation at sxsw this year ! so cool . see you next week at treefort
dental practice news sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus
csusb health sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus
you too ! hope you're having a happy saint patrick's day ! :)
happy st patricks day all ! xxooo
smokin one for the lost and injured after the boston marathon bombing .. rest easy get well
rt our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the explosions at the boston marathon .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nq7lo6uo0i
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bhud7iuqtf
closing ceremony - unreal ! 150 hours of rehearsal well worth it
the visuals of closing ceremonies are amazing . must have taken hours of rehearse this .
another colourful display by catalunya on the streets of edinburgh
new details on the two activists arrested for alleged violence at scottish polling stations
i certainly hope so . no again , please . mt we are closely monitoring hurricane preparing for potential impact
early next week b /c of hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day to my irish friends - thinking of you wherever you are .
happy st . patrick's day from the doubletree staff :)
yes , the world talked more about paris than beirut
bombings petty 11 th paris the a reporters . appeared stadium from
hurricane sandy is gonna be some stupid shit just like hurricane irene was . they just want us to buy stuff for no reason .
right , she gonna be here for a min lol
moving a 21 foot branch during cleanup t my grandparents house in cherry hill , nj .
this crazy ass man gne b out here rain , sleet , or hurricane talkin about lgbt club
honestly praying for the people in paris . stay strong .
my heart goes out to everyone affected by the situation in paris . stay safe .
happy st . patrick's day ! did you celebrate this weekend or are you going out tonight ?
gay rights campaigners plan protest after lgbt groups banned from new york st patrick's day parade
the only upside to obama winning would be in seeing tabor following through with all his pro
my mommas heart is about to break when she hears that james taylor is supporting obama .
surprising st . patrick's day theology lesson about the trinity . historic creedal statements won't lead your astray .
to all my friends in the usa i wish you a happy st . patricks day xxx
just announced : will be doing a couple songs at our lftf sxsw showcase with
it's pouring in austin , we here for sxsw !!
chai , dis is getting serious ooo :nyaho clinic (accra) records its first ebola virus case . this is big .
oh god nyaho clinic (accra) records its first ebola virus case . this is big .
actually how do i vote for michelle obama
you got my vote cos anybody but obama
italy wins 2 -1 against germany after scores 2 goals . final / viva italia !!
i have no idea who i will support in the final .
:d) shall we go to sxsw ? i fancy some geekery today
the sxsw predictions begin - heading to sxsw ? 5 trends to watch
another night out with mathias lol . worked 11.5 hrs and now it's drinkin time again .
who'd you thinks guna win ?
no pub quiz tonight , as you know -- happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day i love ya !!!!
the boston bombers were not refugees -- neither was the paris attacker keep strong ! via
boston bombers were refugees that we let in .. and the paris attackers were refugees , but hey lets welcome them
police in riot gear and gas masks arrive at the scene . pepper spray is being used much more now
mt police in riot gear and gas masks arrive at the scene . more pepper spray being used .
emergency apps rising to top of app store lists due to sandy : it is hard to figure out just how
[modmyi] emergency apps rising to top of app store lists due to sandy
obama victory may boost ev agenda , spur rules on emissions , safety : president barack obama's second term likely
i am italian but i'm glad it was president obama . greeting
rollingstonealbmrev : nas brings 'illmatic' and 'the don ' to sxsw : before nas took the stage at the vevo sxsw con
rollingstonesongrev : nas brings 'illmatic' and 'the don ' to sxsw : before nas took the stage at the vevo sxsw con
what's the weather like now ? it's return fine or still sandy on your town ?
oh yea i was thinking about calling sandy to the cardpark .
obama claims majority of protesters are peaceful obama must be getting his briefings from msnbc
follow to keep up with the 5 p .m. rally at the daley center today .
if obama wins i will do nothing . if romney wins i will also do nothing .
look closely . it does not show romney winning . it shows he got the most votes but obama winning the electoral votes .
brady is performing surgery right here
touchdown !!!!!!!!!!!!! tom brady a aaron hernandez !!!
to soon for hurricane sandy joke ? i think not ;p
hey captain keith how about a shout out for crisfield and smith island maryland two places devastated from hurricaine sandy
superstorm sandy : stories of the dead begin to emerge : more than 50 people are now known to have died in t
superstorm sandy : stories of the dead begin to emerge : more than 50 people are now known to have died in the gig
neither degraded or destroyed--obama's failure to seriously fight these monsters is partially the blame .
watching live terrorist attacks in paris on : dispositif rue faidherbe
selena's reaction of attack in paris on instagram is so emotional selena gomez
new from paris insights , featuring yours truly -
happy st patrick's day . heaven must be something like this .
st . patrick's day through irish eyes via
lots of cops in shopping parking lot . national guard troops have started arriving , too .
i know that he is heavily scrutinized i feel for him , but his country needs a strong leader right now .
french police surround paris suspects and shots heard .
french special forces teams surround village in hunt for suspects .
epic stuff ! congrats ! what a way to start st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! why not wear some of you green rt merch today ? (x-ray t-shirt , ah scarf , etc .)
trump on top and carson in close second in post-paris poll
first footage of paris attacks shows diners diving for cover as jihadist via
the aftermath of superstorm sandy and the land of opportunity : predictions abound : will superstorm
the aftermath of superstorm sandy and the land of opportunity : predictions abound : will superstorm sandy help or
two reports paris could took catch wounded 2014 three a
he under de police capital in bataclan november were was
i'm watching pros and cons : st . patrick's day 2014 on
happy saint patrick's day andrew !!
so the released a guy night before . fuck them .
hell no weekend and i'm drinking already
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jtn2dlfbxf
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3xijlpgra9
parisians accept muslim terrorism as new normal
maybe you can help spread the word ! 3
vote for , obama plans on drilling in y'all's beaches . he will ruin the sunshine state !
serious question : what would it take to abolish the electoral college and allow our leaders to be elected by popular vote ?
happy st . patrick's day from our team in the field !
happy st patrick's day . we had a great day in birmingham uk
pres . obama addressing the situation now .
obama's talking about this is gonna be good
my president is black , my twitter is blue , im votin for obama , df romney gone do !!!.
i know i'm not american , but go obama
putrajaya will still accept syrian refugees , deputy minister says after paris attacks
so much respect for for addressing the boat situation and playing an all french set in honor of paris
join us as we pray for brussels .
holly willoughby criticised for brussels terror attack question on this morning
humanitarians bring solar panels to nepal to help with relief efforts
who issues rapid health assessment on impact of nepal earthquake - nepal | reliefweb
parisian husbands beautifully passionate moving tribute to wife killed in paris over the wkend
ben carson : the u .s. must not accept any syrian refugees : the carnage in paris last friday reminded us (time)
two more u .s. citizens confirmed killed in brussels attack : washington , march 27 (reuters) - two more (hufpo)
riot mars brussels attack victims shrine see more
what are the chances of getting out of work early because of sandy ?
sandy a hurricane again hours after downgrade ; new york remains on alert - rochester democrat and
foxnews : states scramble , as sandy could disrupt election day : widespread power outages affecting polling statio
states scramble , as sandy could disrupt election day : widespread power outages affecting p
hurricane sandy is ruining my moe joe right now like really . why it gotta rain be cold ? why can't it be one or the other , sandy ? why ?
let's go mom i would like to get to the mall before hurricane sandy blows us away
it is romney not romany , and it is chastity not chasty . go educate yourself .
fbg vote for obama /shot by via
i'd watch but i need to sleep
watching waste mngmnt open , go kyle ! & waiting for
: second american in liberia tests positive for ebola virus : boone , n .c. (ap) -- a secon via
second american in liberia tests positive for ebola virus boone , n .c. (ap) -- a second american aid worker has t
that guy looked like balotelli mabye his brother hmmmmm
hahaha balotelli in the crowd too ? :p
horrific what's going on in paris . terrorists must not win
i live in paris and i'm so stressed right now :(
and here we go w /madonna
and i had the awesome 9 -0 box !
10 things you should know about the deadly ebola virus : the ebola virus is spreading rapidly acro via matt_ews
{informationnigeria} 10 things you should know about the deadly ebola virus : the ebola virus is spreading rapi
celebrating getting on telly with your paris grief flag . i'm sure that's what the victims ' families would want . you absolute dicks .
eiffel tower lit up in honor of the victims of paris attacks . desk :
insert something witty about st . patricks day
oh shit , its st .patrick's day lol .
lol auto correct sucks . and i only know about boston cause i live 30 minutes away and i was there sunday night
dark day for for everyone affected by the bombings in boston . love and light .
do a st patricks follow spree ! :d
happy st patrick's day , probably the best guinness advert ever
wishing you all a happy , and most importantly safe , st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day !! glam it up by pampering yourself pretty .
happy st .patrick's day everyone !#zombie mcneely
happy st . patrick's day from connecticut concert ballet
enda kenny is now head cheerleader for joan burton
its gerrys new shoes he got them free from a friend in us
hurricane sandy reminds me of my divorce . homeless !
mojidelano's blog : lagos state government warns residents on the ripple effect of hurricane sandy
came straight out in his press conference and called it an execution .
wake the fuck up everybody money over everything . boycott all artist who remain silent
: shots fired on parliament hill . more to come .
breaking news of a canadian soldier shot on parliament hill in ottawa listen to now .
sandy is my homie . she gave me a day off just because .
sandy where are you i been waiting for you all day :*
happy st patrick's day from fred alice .
good morning . happy st patrick's day to all our followers .
when doesn't shut up about obama winning ;)
don't forget this scene when you vote 4
it's st . patrick's day , so no .
did you do your bit to celebrate st patricks day ?
amazing from pav ! he's been well fed !
oh pav you beast . lovely goal . bet petr cech wishes he was born somewhere decent .
i can't wait until this election is over . people get so opinionated , worked up , and just nasty towards one another .
if you are registered to vote and still haven't , please go out and stand in line you have 2 hours left ! make your voice heard !
wesley sneider really is a fabulous footballer
can't even believe denmark is beating my favourite netherlands
my nigga mitt the bitch still sucking dick ol fruit came ass nigga ..lol
romney's sending y'all back to the fields .
she needs to change her vision to death and destruction as what is happening in paris .
paris attacks : shootings and explosions leave at least 158 dead - the state daily
sweet baby , hope you get some sleep tonight ! sandy has you workin hard .
them laker fans blaming it on hurricane sandy .
go on . tweet us your st patrick's day tat . i got a free wristband !
happy people everywhere in dublin today as they're celebrating st patrick's day . happy paddys !
happy ! who's got their green on today ??
you would think the cardinals can afford fitted green hats for their team instead of making them wear velcro hats for st . patricks day .
joe hart is bootiful , keep it together boys
honours even at the end of the 1 st half , which came at a good time for as were beginning to peg us back . game on !
quick high school musical dance party before the . (and/or during the .)
let's go new england patriots ! sunday
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/oov9qphcg2
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/l1k5pgtgtg
hurricane sandy : jfk and newark airports to partially reopen : it could take weeks before getting b
hurricane sandy : jfk and newark airports to partially reopen : it could take weeks before getting back to normal , but last night the e
happy st . patrick's day . live from the south pole of maryland .
the best way to start any day but especially
so this lady with whom i've never spoken to about politics comes up to me and says 'how about that election ' and holds up her obama pin
for those who voted for obama did u not have enough the last 4 years
our group stage preview will be up tomorrow . we also have special features on france vs england and germany vs holland .
our group stage preview will be up tomorrow . we also have special features on france vs england and germany
the amount of free kicks given at is stupid !#annoying
class free kick from pirlo .lovin that !!!
g + : as ebola stalks west africa medics fight mistrust hostility
medical news as ebola stalks west africa , medics fight mistrust , hostility
if romney loses are you gonna change your name to former 2 -time presidential candidate mitt romney ?
today in 3 rd period our teacher made us vote for obama or romney and obama won lol romney only had like 4 or 3 votes !!!
the world we living in right now is crazy . smh
it's sick how people find joy in destroying people's lives !
just in : germanwings co-pilot lubitz may have hid illness from employer , prosecutors say
just in : german prosecutors : indications germanwings co-pilot hid illness from employers . -
potus : i've tasked the fbi to investigate the shooting of michael brown
potus - doj and fbi will be investigating the death of michael brown
bbc | s leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading the fight against ebola in sierra le
s leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading the fight against ebola in sierra leone is
going out with to cause some st . patrick's day mischief .
happy birthday st . patrick ! the patron saint of guinness !
on a nice side note , happy st patricks day gentlemanns .
happy st patricks day !! would be rude not to have a guinness !!
mari cait wishes you happy st patrick's day also .
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at seoplus +
because every holiday needs a little bit of sparkle . happy st . patrick's day !
sexy and irish happy st patricks day boo
i've been watching the news all morning , is insane .
yeah i know about but luckily i didn't lose power .
news u .s. geological survey says kathmandu region has been hit by magnitude 6.7 aftershock
u .s. geological survey says kathmandu region has been hit by magnitude 6.7 aftershock : u .s. geological survey says kathmandu region h
interactive tools for teaching kids about citizenship , voting , and .
tomorrow night : zedalza entertainment live uncensored , alternative coverage of
praying for those in my beloved paris . i hope the attacks have stopped .
there's a how many texans does it take to stop a paris attack ? joke in here somewhere .
obama is still on my insta . every picture is him .
guys i dont wanna go to class .. obama won , so i guess thats an excuse to not come in right
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hwk4jqhp8r
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ezwy2i9v8s
uk has q's 2 answer , nt least running own network of tax havens-treasure islands ' nicholas shakson author on just now
icelandic prime minister , already in trouble with calls for his resignation .
was thinking earlier , didnt 9 /11 hijackers depart from logan in boston ? what's going on up there ?
this morning ,my heart goes out to all the people in boston . so sad cc
club sandy at the cribbbbbb . i got that cri'nack and snacks !
lmao aww man im sorry ill bring you some but ya girl sandy said no
a fine and happy st patrick's day to all .. to those with your birthday today , enjoy the double celebration ..
happy st patricks day and happy birthday the man from qatar . my dad . who knows how old he is . 100 at least :-)
anyone know the line situation at club de ville ? still room for wristbands ?
robert paisola news british soul singer michael kiwanuka hits sxsw : michael kiwanuka found the p world news zone
happy st patricks day niall !! whooooo
happy st patricks day and good luck tonight !!
everyone's irish on st patricks tho haha !
outstanding turnout this morning for the st . patrick's parade in omaha ! thank you to our great volunteers !
watching the ukraine v . france game .
it rains like hell in ukraine vs france game !
i hope they find the idiot in the crowd with a whistle and kick the shite out of him .
someone rattle the arsehole in the crowd with the whistle .
happy st patrick day for you have a great time !!!!!
it's not st . patricks day , it's leaferickson day
the st . patrick's day story which resonates across 170 years
good am . happy st . patricks day ..
make st . patrick's day greener | gbgv | -
is it only me that doesn't really care about st .patrick's day ?
everyday venezuela gives me a new reason to love the country deeply .
what if australia's neighbours 'stopped the boats ' and there was a civil war here ?
o &tw blog 2012 sxsw : best bands to watch
, which launched at last year's , to be acquired and shut down
yeh - happy st patrick's day . whatever that means
hope you all have an awesome st . patrick's day
where is the best st . patrick's day celebration : a ) dublin b ) chicago c ) boston d ) st . john's
happy st patrick's day babyy ! xx
the death toll from the great quake has climbed to 7,040, says home ministry . 14,398 injured . via
a week on and the death toll from the great quake has climbed to 7,040, says home ministry . 14,398 injured .
happy st . patricks day people wherever you are in the world celebrating today
happy st patrick to all my english friends and family !!!
i hope that those who shoved their opinions down every 1 's throat actually vote ..if not don't complain tomorrow !
i voted ! don't forget to vote !
happy st . patrick's day !!!! telecom )
good morning and happy st .patricks day from gianna
voxdotcom : a doctor's view of the paris attacks
going from licence to preach kill to license to preach peace : french muslim body calls for imams to require 'licence to preach '
well i'm pretty sure i'm about 0 % irish so happy st patricks day
happy 278 th st . patrick's day america ! via
i just can't believe anything romney says !! where's kanye when you need him ??!!
credit to romney , rather noble concession speech .
# multiple casualties reported in central paris shooting , explosion
breaking : casualties after shooting at paris restaurant , explosion near stadium ; unclear if linked . at least 2 dead - france 24
hurricane sandy roughs up yorktown
i'm so irritated with hearing about the hurricane ..
fuck u hurricane sandy im a thug u aint got nothing on me
hey mama ! what's good in the r-i ? sandy is about the sit her fat ass down on us in a few .
thoughts go out to those on the east coast , stay safe guys .
romney should remind america of the republican approach to handling a hurricane by not doing anything until after the election .
chief ebola doctor infected from cm browser )
sad and alarming : s leone chief ebola doctor infected
have you donated $10 to the red cross to support victims of sandy by texting 90999 yet ?
watching gigolos with my uptown host family . grateful for hospitality but mourning my long lost downtown dvr .
i wish i would of hit the liquor store before this damn hurricane
i'm amazed you stay so slim . everyone knows hurricane food is packed with calories .
i go to her page and see disgusting remarks about how the majority of the people who went to the obama rally must be unemployed
i think president obama is by far the most disrespected president the country has ever had .
happy st patrick day zayn :) xx
happy st . patricks day people be safe , ,
only 4 days left nepal crisis fundraising go to fb page and donate to support our scouts
support animal relief efforts in nepal your signature makes a difference ! thanks bunches !
i still have power in springfield . will write a summary on sandy at some point today .
my prayers goes out to all those who have been affected by that bitch sandy
around 40000 soldiers have been deployed to the border by israel government
jews are watching and laughing at the genocide in gaza .#bds
we hope friends in the ne are safe ready for hurricane sandy . for those still prepping , here's some last-minute
thank you hurricane sandy for holding off so i can start my research 33
today is the day ! - italy vs spain - join us at the football factory at legends pub - 33 rd btwn 5 t
much as i'd like to see it happen i don't think italy can do it ! i wish spain would play a striker .
hagupit barrels toward philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barrel
hagupit barrels toward philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon h
i was constipated at xmas after eating 200 brussels sprouts . i was literally full of shit . still am tbh
brussels attacks : facebook offers crucial info with safety check
good morning /afternoon niall !! i looove little things ! hurricane sandy was pretty bad , notice me maybe ?
- possibly the greatest tweet ever . thank you for giving an exhausted nyc sandy survivor a good laugh .
that's ok , st patricks actual color is blue . ;)
its your lucky day !st. patricks day and the holi festival joined forces !
dutch strippers on bbc now . whatever next ?
drunk today it seems . 1 on 1 misses , really ? 2 -3 win seems bleak .. wonder game by bendtner ..
these hurricane sandy tweets are too great
lmao ! these hurricane sandy tweets are funny
do we know if there's a 2 nd or 3 rd gunman ?
ok , - let's show our solidarity with . vigil tomorrow night 7 pm , nathan phillips square . i will bring chalk .
the is devastating we must do our all to help our fellow man .
sad news from nepal / m7 .8 quake struck . 1000 reported dead : via
jfk airport workers postpone national strike following brussels terrorist attacks . read blog :
as the world awoke to the news of the brussels attacks , messages of solidarity , shock and sadness flooded social media on tuesday .
happy st . patrick's day from best kept secret !
happy st . patrick's day !! you're our favorite irish !!! :3
you have bush to blame for gas prices , not obama .
my cousin , george w . bush , halted all stem cell research surgeries . nigger - barack obama , supports the murder of babies lifted the ban
'my world ': these are the victims of germanwings crash : a mother and her son killed in the germanwi
'my world ': these are the victims of germanwings crash a mother and her son killed in the
am i the only one heartbroken over all of the animals , pets and wild , that didn't make it through sandy ?
hum tu lahore mai paye jatay hain .u take care of urself in the midst of sandy ;)
17 mar 2014 : happy st . patricks day !
happy st patricks day to allow my irish tweets =)
happy st patricks day !! can't wait until kk4 !!
happy st . patricks day ! do a little irish jig for me :)
amtv : what you need to know about the paris attacks
politics_uknews : watch live : david cameron's commons statement on paris attacks and g20 summit
seriously nice gesture on the east coast , but i can't believe nobody has their keurig powered up in this pic !
tingookids : superstorm sandy stuffs hotels with stranded tourists , displaced residents - abc ne
happy st . patrick's day ! be safe have fun . pop into the library for some green-themed books
everyone is a little leprechaun today ! happy st . patrick's day !
mansfield university to close monday and tuesday due to hurricane sandy .
everyone getting effected by the hurricane be safe !:(
happy st . patrick's day from ritecut barber shop !
happy st . patrick's day : here is an irish approach to racehorse
you are the food throwdown champion ! wish we should have taken tomorrow off and stayed up north !
staying up late to watch the go
update : three dead , including gunman , in sydney siege , police say
how did you get kristnan to sydney so quickly ?!
cannot stand mark bright commentating at
why is mark bright commentating he's soooo shit !!!
worst case scenario for tom brady is he goes home to gisele , which is best case scenario for most people .
- u know how it is sofia . follow me chica -
my thoughts and prayers go out to ottawa canada and to those who were directly affected by this senseless tragedy .
kudos to for asking tough qs :why did csis say threat not imminent ?how did gunman get all the way into centre block ?
happy st patrick's day to you as well . have a beer for me !
happy st .patricks day to all so tipsy lol
my heart goes out to boston .. my prayers go out
glued to the news . thoughts go out to boston , and anyone with loved ones affected .
glad you're back . our crews are working hard to get everyone back , but amount of damage from is remarkable .
so the range got cancelled due to power outage from the hurricane i kinda wanted to go .
but then again just because i wasn't directly affected doesn't mean others werent .. sorry for those that had to deal with that both sandy
:d how are you hopefully not affected by sandy ?
happy st . patrick's day ! we hope you wore green today !
happy st . patrick's day from all of us here at bolton tools !
jay-z's youtube live stream at sxsw had 99 problems but a glitch ain't one via
jay-z's youtube live stream at sxsw had 99 problems but a glitch ain't one : no kanye , no |
governor : category 4 areas include 362,000 ct . folks who could be impacted by sandy .
sandy's already taken out yahoo ! (h/t
day has come and gone . she didn't have very long to make an impact on our world , and neither do we !
i was thinking of you today on the way to work cos everyone was talking and reading about sandy . glad you're safe .
if only could play lorient !!!!! happy st patricks day to you all
happy st . patrick's day upperhill .#kot
channel 7 news are just going into people's faces about the hurricane .
you would know . but sahn , sandy siced ussssssss
social media predicts the super bowl are you participating in the social bowl ?
haven't been this excited to wake up early since christmas when i was 9 . ,grilling,man-fun
happy st . patricks day , holiness .
happy st patricks day all , are you doing anything to celebrate ?
former razorback ronnie brewer is also among those taking precautions for hurricane sandy . he spoke with us from
attention !! pray ! for those with in trouble in sandy . plus , nyu hospital generator has failed . pray for those in need of assistance !
going to get breakfast after watching cnn coverage
right now i join you in prayer for the peace of
people - mariah carey celebrates st . patrick's day in (what else ?!) a skimpy bikini : courtesy mariah careymari
mariah carey celebrates st . patrick's day in (what else ?!) a skimpy bikini : courtesy mariah careymariah carey
just want to say to all the families that were affected by the bombing in boston my prayers go out to you . may god bless
cant believe that my future town got bomb keep boston in yours prayers love yall in boston im praying
have police confirmed any deaths of hostages ?
the gunman fired at a hostage get out who does that
they call me jigga . happy st patrick's day !
i'm a muslim . but that does not stop me to tell you happy st . patrick's day :)
watch this and you might have a little more faith in romney ;)
kif : as clock ticks , obama , romney in dead heat battle
ty ! happy patrick's day to you too ! welcome to my timeline :)
happy st patricks day from the neffengers !
anyways as i was saying what hurricane !?!?!?
' i highly doubt hurricane sandy , gonna come anywhere near us , like they claiming .
okay - little worried about this hurricane . where do you think it will hit ground ?
if i get one more email from monmouth about this hurricane omg
st . patricks day n sh *t
im trying to go to chicago for st . patricks day one year .
happy st . patrick's day from everyone here at smiles of chattanooga !
hah ..have fun :) x happy st . patricks day :) xx
st . patrick's day recipes via
this st patricks day is ganna be different then in years pasts : /
happy st . patrick's day everyone love you stay beautiful
happy st patrick's day . have fun hunting leprechauns or whatever it is that you do
some days , - happy st . patrick's day !
about to go into boston and fuck up the and st . patricks tonight !!
gosh i wish i was 18 so i could vote for
casting my vote for obama with a 'barrack burger '. yum ! :-)
people asking if attacks in paris coordinated . nah just pure coincidence ffs .
so so scary what is happening in paris right now .
st patricks day dinner with the fam
nothing much happy st . patrick's day
the giants areny even that big ti be honest
my take on super bowl 46 please read my predictions !!
dear ones on the east coast .remember keep your faith in our lord ! psalm 23
taking sandy seriously - maybe 100 + repair crew trucks and gear gathered at essex green ahead of storm . thanks !
pakis rape kids : video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over
top stories : video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over the bahamas towards
im tired of being silent . i hope mitt kicks butt tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we get it .. obama will lead in the beginning , you don't have to post it 800 times
patrick stump is the cutest little thing i just can't
happy st patricks say btw
it's early voting tallies indicate that obama is leading in florida (29)
don't even ask me who i voted for . i'm a minority , young and poor--of course i voted for obama
and an even better goal from pirlo !
good goal now ! lol pirlo !
rt u .s. death toll rises to 13 after 8 -year-old boy dies after he was struck by tree limb in susquehanna county , pe
u .s. death toll rises to 13 after 8 -year-old boy dies after he was struck by tree .
in the wake of the sydney hostage tragedy , australians create on
in the wake of the sydney hostage tragedy , australians create on twitter to sho
torres getting the golden boot hahaha quality .
fernando torres gets the golden boot award . .
twitterverse , what org should i donate to for sandy relief ? who uses the money most directly to help victims ?
we hope everyone survived hurricane sandy . prayers to our friends in ny and nj !!
on the phone wit obama right now he tryna hit the boss tonight for $2 tuesdays , fuck it yolo lol
th also added that asians has a higher percentage than latinos who voted for obama .
great to see members at today's grand council . great turnout for the debate this afternoon .
another scare story . have nothing positive to say about staying in ? (maybe there isnt anything !)
we have a hurricane mom headed our way . so your weather could be weirder .
hurricane sandy headed toward east coast
suspected mastermind of paris massacre killed in terror raid
just in : alleged mastermind of paris attacks was killed in yesterday's raid !
wow legit photos-but doesn't look like godzilla climbing in home ? rt top photos of hurricane sandy after
this bitch is keepin me awake time to get mix it in w / my usual play
st . patricks day parade , with the ebooks crew and a good old
in , it would be illegal to ban groups from st . patrick's day parades
hahah ! this hurricane air is getting to their heads !
return trip pit stop . crowded . is this the pre-evacuation last meal ? road diner )
chicks take st patricks serious . lol
stop by before the uptown parade and get your green merchandise for st . patrick's day !!!
ii , looking forward to all the games like .. or anar , lads at my work were goin crazy when they scored
right game to kick off the tournament !
the is a wild , first-person view of what it was like to pass through hurricane patricia .
hurricane patricia : texas wakes to aftermath of damage from
time these poncy footballers grew a pair off balls and stoped over reacting !
huntelaar really should have buried that ! great ball !!
happy st . patrick's day niall 3 hava good one
may the leprechauns be near you ,to spread luck along your way .and may all the irish angels ,smile upon you st . patrick's day .
who do you think wins today's semi-final ? germany or italy ? (cc: )
approximately 40 min to semi final : germany vs italy
detlef schrempf and the mayor is here . clearly , fx mcrory's is the place to be for st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day y'all ! this is always a must watch
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/geyh9hmmte
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dc5lhwzhvm
to everyone freaking out about romney banning tampons , it was a fake article and he never said that so take it as y
goodnight !!!gotta go cash my vote for my nigga obama tomorrow then i'm cooling .. .fwm! !!!!
y'all act like your supposed to have plans when there's a hurricane .
what are the hurricane schemes ? i'm trying to do something sweet again
looking fwd to 'group b ' match - denmark v /s germany on 17 juin . posted via
looking fwd to 'group c ' match - spain v /s italy on 10 juin . posted via
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely : typhoon hagup
social media : typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely
wtf i didn't even know today was saint patricks day .
yay ! happy saint patrick's day !
in hours after terrorist attacks via
paris attacks : defiant french businesses carrying on - bbc news
news by yahoo obama's re-election celebrated around world : from his old school in indonesia to a japanese beach
obama just says all the right things in his victory speech
happy st . patrick's day from snowy brick twp !
hi jane . happy st patrick's day to you and lola too !
happy st .patrick's day to all you lovely irish tweeters out there !
i kinda forgot it was st . patricks day and i'm irish oops ?
friends and family of sydney hostages tell intense tale of captivity - fox news : fox
followme - friends and family of sydney hostages tell intense tale of captivity followme -
these hurricane sandys are actually making me laugh too hard
about to spend hurricane sandy with my bestfriend .
the way media is linking terrorist attacks to governments and organizations are more scary than the attacks themselves .
my deepest condolences for parisian , paris-france ..
st patricks day haha sorry had to be done
empire state building on st . patrick's day via
you gon see , obama t-shirts , buttons , pens , baby clothes etc for 2 weeks str 8
you are welcome : ) i voted for obama !
much love and hope for the people affected by sandy . hopefully the rest of us can help soon !
hope anyone out there caught in super storm sandy is ok . stay safe ppl
jajaja please !! next year a for halftime show !! !! :d
lets see what we've got for this second half . lets go brady
news ebola crisis in west africa deepens , more than 500 dead from
latest : ebola crisis in west africa deepens , more than 500 dead
it makes me so sad seeing all these little kids faces that died in boston .
so sorry about what just happened in boston .
boston marathon bombing : it's always sad to see people getting hurt and injured wrongfully , but in this part of the world we're used to it
and so the world of runners rises to help .
hope my friends in new york are doing fine tho comes for a quick visit
all over the place todaybusy as a bee !! i still have time to pray for the victims of sandy
i need a barbershop to be open right now cus my head looks like hurricane sandy hit
has been mean to some of our favorite people ! our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone impacted by the storm .
not that i really celebrate it . i'm not even sure how you would celebrate st . patrick's day
i feel like i'm the only person who just found out today is st patricks day
[tuesday, may 12 th ] another earthquake has hit nepal , verizon is buying aol for $4.4 billion , and a group of d
no sign of missing u .s. aid helicopter after second nepal earthquake
stay updated on any up to the minute changes in hours or gym closings due to impending hurricane sandy right here on our facebook page !
good afternoon . sandy's coming through . be prepared !
hurricane sandy forces changes to cruise schedules :
hellothere eastern u .s. braces for hurricane sandy : communities throughout the u .s. northeast are bracin bythere
happy st patrick's day all you leprechauns out there
happy st . patrick's day john and edward =jedward :-)
sweden remembers brussels attacks victims : here's how sweden is paying tribute to the victims of the d
global impact of brussels carnage : dozens of nationalities among dead and wounded following triple bomb attack .
awwww ! hahaha ! pugs dressed up for st patrick's day . too cute .
definitely the best st patrick's day ever !
i pray to allah for everyone's safety in sdyney . this is not islam ! :(
2 /2 sad for my muslim friends , who i am sure do not endorse such blasphemy of islam , as this is definitely not what islam is
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people of boston today !
our thoughts , hearts and prayers are going out to boston and all those affected by today's bombs .
only just found out about hurricane sandy . i really should keep up with the news .
elise you can fuck right off mate . hurricane has gone now
obama need to learn how to beef it up
so when obama announces his love for his lady it's cool but when i do it i'm a emo ass niggas
ebola takes heavy toll on health workers with at least 50 dead : the ebola virus
ebola takes heavy toll on health workers with at least 50 dead : the ebola virus continu
it's st . patrick's day , that's reason enough . malone's irish bar w / 3 others )
happy st . patrick's day from au79 ! like if you forgot to wear green or comment below what article (s) you are
huh wht a big i mean big miss by ronaldo
i hope poland get knocked out of soon , my car is in dire need of a wash and wax
life-threatening storm surge predicted for during
excuse you the hurricane is right outside my dorr rn .. seriously grimmy just play little things
they sound awful singing the national anthem !
hey how excited were you about & so singing the national anthem ?
with takes from ta senior fellow exec director alumni
air france flight from los angeles to paris diverted after bomb threat -
well this sucks no new episode of tonight because of .. :(
this hurricane made me forget the voice was on tonight . fuck this shit i want that sandy bitch tried for such blasphemy
here's our wish for you , today and every day . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks day and we're celebrating with a sale and a competition !
some people are so butt hurt that obama won
poor america obama the president again (((
first case of ebola virus already reported in nigeria .guys u might wanna check the cuddling ,kissing or any other form of physical contact
'ebola' is now trending topic in united kingdom on position since 3 hours
lmao if hurricane sandy some weak shit that got everybody gassed she really a twitter honey
nyu classes cancelled in preparation for hurricane sandy !! getting a little bit more concerned about this storm ..
please make sure you're registered to vote ! get your voices heard
you have until friday to register for postal vote in , or next tuesday for voting in-person . details :
germanwings crash forces change in cockpit rules : the germanwings disaster has forced airlines around the worl
in business news germanwings crash forces change in cockpit rules : the germanwings disaster has forced airline
thank you frank ! happy st patrick's day :)
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! enjoy the snow :)
happy st . patrick's day . i am wearing a lot of green
happy st . patrick's day , y'all . please do your part to clear the area of snakes . and self-righteous do-gooders .
happy saint patrick's day from all of us at holy family catholic high school !
happy st . patrick's daylast day to receive 10 % offenter discount code : green
help us rebuild homes in nepal . please //t.co/tu8lvzku5d
nepali police dig bodies from village and trekking route : kathmandu , nepal (ap) ? rescuers have been digging through piles of earth a
i really wish i could say im sending my prayers to paris but i dont pray nor am i religious
thoughts and prayers with paris tonight and in the weeks to come
mccain / palin beat romney /ryan in total votes : interesting factoid :mccain / palin 58,343,671 votesromne
mccain / palin beat romney /ryan in total votes : interesting factoid :mccain / palin 58,343,671
. you're missing all the st . patrick's day shenanigans !
gm happy st patricks day !
business finance hurricane patricia spares mexican cities , roars through remote villages : chamela , mexico (r
hurricane patricia spares mexican cities , roars through remote villages : chamela , mexico (reute - via
charlie hebdo : a day at the magazine : cartoonist recalls day with staff at charlie hebdo office
the charlie hebdo attack - the importance of unity .
is a martyr and he didn't even know it . bc of him , the heroic ppl of are showing the world the ugliest side of amerikka
in my view we need to tear down the corrupt military industrial complex . a good start is turning the lens on it , eg
- montreal filmmaker takes sxsw interactive awards : bla bla an interactive film by vincent morisset
bruce springsteen : u2 is probably the last band i'm going to know the names of all the members .
that montage seemed like false advertising . haven't seen any flips and shit .
wow , i was def not wowed this year by the commercials ! 4 million for what smh
saturation reporting and commentary re brussels also on our this morning . i had to turn it off .
now they are driving busses down to brussels to pick them up because they were meant to fly home yesterday . they must be so shaken up .
prove yourself to yourself not others .pray for nepal
we feel sadness for nepal earthquake . :(
ta bob ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st .patrick's day to all my irish fb friends
i woke up out my sleep to go pack up on food for this hurricane i'm buying hella shit
literally cannot stop laughing bc hurricane sandys tweets l o l
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at barclay rex !
happy st patricks day , niall !! please re-follow me ? it would mean everything to me ! x0465
by sunday night /tuseday / monday hurricane sandy will strike !
i would hate to be a hobo in a hurricane
gonna spark it up for st . patrick's day
happy st patrick's day to all on twitterxx
share your st . patrick's day spirit with us by using . did you know is among the most irish cities in the u .s.?
i've never really celebrated saint patricks day . which wouldn't be that big of a deal if i wasn't partly irish .
florenciotnia : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week
rachealiz 2 nd : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week
can't hear the russian national anthem without thinking of rocky iv , and singing along .
russian national anthem always reminds me of rocky iv .
3 1 /2 hours until this is what i'm looking forward to on sunday
(and all the $ from parking goes to help ips 14 & at-risk members of the community . win /win!)
when he came to the hospital was holding his injury and asking will i die ?--#prayforgaza
: people are tired . sleep deprivation and if not bombing , the drones buzz in ths sky above .
switzerland commits a further chf 500,000 to fight ebola epidemic in west africa
switzerland commits a further chf 500,000 to fight ebola epidemic in west africa : bern , switzerland , july 23,
happy saint patrick's day . to all . god bless all .
happy st . patrick's day ! call a cab or walk homedriving drunk is only for professional athletes and taxi cab drivers
that rain in detroit is from sandy , right ?
tomorrow , someone . anyone . have a hurricane party .
but still happy st . patricks day baby
happy st . patrick's day ! come celebrate with us ! we have all day drink specials , and our 1 /2 priced apps start at
coolest idea ! sxsw wraprap daily breakdown of latest news &events live from sxsw . pe
leif vollebekk is a babe . go see him at !
sandy tweets make republican operative less | oliver burkeman : shashank tripathi conformed to v
c-biz design - sandy tweets make republican operative less | oliver burkeman : shashank tripathi
labour trying to recycle their tesco ad again with election promises
just spotted eoin mclove and john gormley in the same hotel bar .
voivod joined by carcass's jeff walker on stage in paris (video): carcass bassist /vocali
bandistro news : voivod joined by carcass's jeff walker on stage in paris (video): carcass bass bandistro news :
hello all . i'm patrick jane . nice to meet you
coming through with the clutch specials what a woman ! happy st . patricks day
local guide in nepal posting photos of the villages hit by the earthquake . so sad :(
we pray lord for nepal , we send rain of peace , rain of fire , we send your protection in jesus christ we pray .
mellows have a little st .patricks day spirit
i almost forgot that st . patricks day is tomorrow
just volunteered for 3 hours for obama re-election campain ! tom is the day for voting so get out make your voice heard !
rt i pray that romney landslides this because i not only need obama to not be president i need to ha
strongest hurricane ever makes landfall in mexico : patricia , the strongest hurricane ever rec comment
amusa :- strongest hurricane ever makes landfall in mexico : patricia , the strongest hurricane amusa , w . a news
oh ..i love irish goalkeeper !
the croatians are makin me itchmaybe its jus the end of all their names ?
tv facebook apologises for safety check glitch after lahore blast
kentucky facebook stumbles again with 'safety check ' after lahore blast
thoughts go out to all the family's /people in hope there all safe and sound during this troublesome time
i wish more people had taken pictures in the hurricane and put them on fb i though it was sooooo cool
happy st . patricks day from sprinkler warehouse
yoda had it made . never had to worry on saint patrick's day .
subtweets , hurricane sandy , and the thirst for texts is all that is on my timeline right now
just wait for sandy to calm down then ask again .
stuck at lexus when all i wanna do is go watch germany whoop some portugal ass
so hard to cheer for germany when portugal has christiano ronaldo .
jazz tried to tell us about the cops in the fresh prince . this is real .
is this true that you've been forced from ?
thanks for follow and your family's service . happy st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! green is the color of the day :)
st patrick's day , the most irrelevant holiday !
happy st . patrick's day ! lets see if i can celebrate at work
so gomez with the winner for the germans , no good for friendlies but step it up for tourno , typical
why were u on a rip during the week ? germans all the way
declines to answer whether he would gut . probably rethinking primaries comments . via
so much fun ! thank you !
all u suck tards dont forget the pickles on my big mac when i come stopping by ur obama made career ..hope all u welfare voters get bed soars
where can romney go his own state didn't even want him lmao
the kinda of convos i wish they had us involved in even half a world away .
if the tweets are anything to go by then many who work in social dont know how to live tweet .
brussels attacks : airline passengers in milwaukee pay more attention to what's
top story : your tributes : brussels attacks - see more
american dr . contracts deadly disease : the doctor in africa has tested positive for ebola ---
u .s. doctor treating patients in liberia tests positive for ebola
seeing gordon brown's impassioned speech (wow! actually a very good orator ) is the 1 st time i've really respected him .
looks like gordon brown got an injection of personality since being pm .
help nepal there people . god bless nepal .
nepal , u are in our prayers .god bless .
morning twitter . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day ! we're ready for you ! :) league brews )
i hate st patrick's day . a lot
we shouldn't have to go to school on st . patrick's day :(
utter nonsense , no wonder the indie dropped the printed version ..just like boris adviser story ..blatant misrepresentation
which camp do you sway towards ?
bp : obama on hurricane : 'we leave nobody behind .' angry beyond words right now
i liked a video hurricane sandy tree falling
springsteen is doing his best bob dylan impression on cnn right now .
to all my tweeps across the line make your voice count and vote for tomorrow !
june 5 th : please join us in supporting our brothers and sisters in nepal . they are in urgent need of food ,
nepal earthquake : the technology helping to save lives via
wishing everyone their bean's a happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from the rox volleyball , inc . crew !
if after impose any trade tarriffs on goods in2 eu uk will do the same on food
if after impose any trade tarriffs on goods in2 eu uk willdo the same on food
aid still scarce in nepal's remote villages as anger grows ; un appeals for choppers : with help still not reach
aid still scarce in nepal's remote villages as anger grows ; un appeals for choppers : with help still not (fox)
paris is like 5 hours away from me
thoughts are with everyone in paris tonight , heartbreaking news .
dera sacha saudarushed food to nepal today , 2000 volunteersand 50 trucks lined to leave after
plane landed in nepal in the morning . cannot return due to oil leak .
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented ebola epidemic --
she better be playing about voting for romney ..
you know u voting for romney .
i'm not in the business of defending romney so hate away if you'd like . i just think he's not as bad as koch b
congratulations america . we have just re-elected our president-commander and chief ! barack hussain obama . lets
earthquake on the west coast hurricane on the east
they can say that hurricane sandy go be bad and terrible but she ain't go be shyt compared to that bytch isabel ..
i . should . not . be . awake . right . now . ps . happy st . patricks day
true true i forgot though happy st patricks day :-)
since the only legal way to bail out steel is via i thought you might have agreed with this one .
brexit would mean bigger quotas - but no free-for-all , states fisheries minister
germany never lost a game in the tournament
where was germany's defence :p balotelli :d
victor cruz , is a human advertisement for salsa . it's working .. i'm taking salsa classes so i can dance like a champ .
really hope that commercial means m &ms is bringing back the tan m &m. it was the best . never should have replaced it with blue
voting problems reported in some states :
complaining about the wait in line to vote today ? why you shouldn't
check it out ! taste of sampler via
sxsw film : death and dinner at 'black pond ': black pond , a very dark comedy nominated for a bafta award for outs
yes , it's st . patrick's day not guinness day . well done guinness .
brussels ' grand place goes green for st patrick's day via
cut or uncut watching the lingerie bowl to kill time before the ?
let's go tom brady . time to play a revenge game for the ages !
sydney gunman was 'wanted in iran ': iran says it requested 14 years ago the extradition of har
sydney gunman was 'wanted in iran ': iran says it requested 14 years ago the extradition of haron monis , t
good morning s .t.n! i hope you all got through hurricane sandy safely . be cautious on your way to work this
hoping all of our friends affected by hurricane sandy are safe right now !
(#teambrianmundial)- ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries (#teambrianmundial)-
via ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries work to conta via
the site states that those claims are not applicable for sandy losses
we love for putting together a list of 6 ways you can help sandy victims :
if 18 -25 year olds vote in the , then the remain vote increases .
warning - could do severe regional global damage
the death toll for the earthquake in nepal has reached 5,000 .
its currently 12 am here in nepal
where was potus a month ago when we were hit in south la with a hurricane .
don't know what to do ? call 1 -800-621-fema
nz security clampdown - politics - national |
finally , you are one classy organization . appreciates you voicing ur solidarity .
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at sysco oklahoma !
happy st . patrick's day !! be safe ..love 3
it's taken a while , but it's come to me now . they're sitting in giant bird's eye potato waffles .
thinking about just quitting both of these jobs and watching instead
my st . patrick's day offering
happy st .patrick's day to all our peeps !
we spent the hurricane mostly on the big bed with lots of books . tiny baby and puppy were our constant compa
video : us declares major disaster in new york after
sandy can't stop us from getting our free tacos
after hurricane sandy , manhattan business isbooming ?
hurricane watch net to activate as hurricane sandy approaches eastern seaboard : the hurricane watch net ( bit .ly
arrl : hurricane watch net to activate as hurricane sandy approaches eastern seaboard : the hurricane watch net (h
happy st . patricks day for you too love :) xx
happy st .patrick's day from my baby boy ..
what is it going to take ? sandy and the case for workflex - via /
very thankful that no one in my family got hurt during hurricane sandy . my home is in one piece while many others lost everything .
congrats on the sxsw performance . murder dat shit fam
u gonna be at sxsw my d00d ?
congratulations president obama , but you're no nelson mandela . only mandela knows what i'm going through , to a l
reak simpson wrote : good morning ! no work for me today ! i voted yesterday and my vote counted ! congrats president obama !
poland vs russia looks like a testy fixture .. :-/
not leaving my house today because of
this sandy who's been on tv and 'blowing' the entire east coast , i assume she's a kadarshian right ?
pakistani radical offers storm aid : as residents of the u .s. northeast grapple with the destruction wrought by superstorm sandy ,
[developing story ]vp binay congratulates obama : i am fully confident that the warm productive relations bet . (cont)
look out obama show them what u made of
really ? so you think bumfuck , loosiana is that much less of a target than paris or beirut ?
the world stands with thoughts with everyone affected by this tragedy
just experienced about earthquake . the earthquake shaked north india nepal . those who lost there life may there soul rest in peace .
breaking : buildings collapse in nepal capital after 7.7 quake-witnesses - reuters : reutersb
6 . . everton 8 . chelsea 9 . nepal 10 . arsenal 2015 /4/27 11 :16 eat
6 . . willy 8 . mount everest 9 . nepal 10 . vermeer 2015 /4/27 10 :15 cest
don't really that obama one but really elizabeth warren ? all she does is yell in her obnoxious about how she is 1 /64 indian
obama had the trap niggashood niggas , twerkers , hoes , dope boys weed smokers watching the election . name one
one of mams friends in work took of a week and a half just to watch .. :l
got to chill with babe and watch the before work
if chief jackson is allowed to speak in front of another microphone it will prove just how incompetent the leaders are down there .
this thing is getting out of hand our black community protesting and shit robbing stores and shit ..
today is the big day . will it be or going to disneyland ?
happy day ! still bitter about the loss to the so i'm rooting for the !
sad to hear reports of germanwings a320 crashing in southern france
a germanwings airbus a320 crashes in the french alps .
now they are asking people to turn off their recording equipment while advancing
police telling people to turn off recording equipment
miami day 2 . a little windy but not raining anymore ! looks like has left the building .
twc breaking newshurricane sandy weakens but still a large storm with widespread impacts into early next week .
metro north trains running 10 -20 minutes late . fun times . damn you , sandy .
not sure what this says about my humanitarian virtues , or lack thereof , but i'm disproportionately concerned with pets
pilot's actions may add to germanwings ' liability in mountain crash : lawyers : new york /berli
pilot's actions may add to germanwings ' liability in mountain crash : lawyers : new york /berlin (reu
sandy jizzed on us last night
exactly how evil can 1 be ? rt hurricane good luck for obama again -he will buy election by handing ou
brussels attacks investigation leads to arrests : brussels , march 24 (reuters) - belgian
brussels attacks investigation leads to arrests : brussels , march 24 (reuters) - belgian polic
foreign minister bob carr is relieved no australia
foreign minister bob carr is relieved n
just explained to 5 th grade that no , st . patrick was not a leprechaun . it's killing me that i can't take advantage of how gullible they are .
who's going to tell the irish to 'get over it ' on st . patrick's day ? -
99 rock , our student-run radio station , is holding a relief drive for victims of sandy right now leb . wal-mart .
we would like to extend our sincere condolences to those affected by hurricane sandy . for info on how to help the victims , click here !
why didn't ottawa pd evacuate downtown ? there could have been a car bomb more shooters and its all unsafe for bystanders
thoughts are going out to the people of ottawa . be safe .
cnn's jake tapper traces his roots to
man gets life for loud music killing
twitterverse tie between liam clancy and the pogues for saturday's st . patrick's day salutewill play both
traditional st . patrick's day margarita .
oxlade chamberlain is class ! money's on him to bag the winner !
lovely feet from the ox . i agree with
social media changing the real time of our brand
sxsw protip -- abc : always be charging says find the seat with the power strip underneath , says i . -
mario gomez top scorer odds now slashed to 6 /4 he was 7 /1 before start of tell us what bets do you have on ?
mario gomez top scorer odds now slashed to 6 /4 he was 7 /1 before start of tell us what bets do you have on ? h
happy st . patrick's day from uca !
happy st . patricks day wohooo . lets get drunk and vote
post-sandy , fcc warns of worsening cell phone networks : sandy has wreaked havoc on the cell phone netw
[feed] post-sandy , fcc warns of worsening cell phone networks : sandy has wreaked havoc on the cell phone network
how bout i go play in the hurricane instead
love how people think hurricane sandy and london getting really cold the 2012 apocalypse possible , its hurricane season a
photo : campaigning the day before election day !
come to canada , we have poutine and tim hortons (among many other awesome things ).
rt stay updated on superstorm with from 4 -7pm et on
sandy strikes in canada too , far from storm's center : (reuters) - more t
its saint patrick's day and all i wanna do is go to bed haha
spent st patricks day in the gym , my family are disgusted in me
so who is going to cry if romney wins tomorrow ? lol
yall fail to realize that if obama wins this election he's done . after two terms there's no moreleaving years for
happy st . patricks day from all of us here at blackstone !
happy st . paddy's day from family !
not even that the boston marathon bombing wouldn't help a domestic terrorists cause
live now - talks about being at the boston marathon yesterday and what he saw -
happy st . patricks day ! yay for being irish . it's super dark here and storming . fitting , no ?
happy st . patrick's day george ! come back for a $3 guinness today .
due to the forecasts of hurricane sandy traveling through new england over this weekend and the beginning of next
i hope the this hurricane is like the hurricane in 2003 that shut was awesome to watch through me window
australia mourns the heroes and victims of the sydney siege - vice news
oh matt , that was such a heartless and cruel facebook status . people died and the whole of fucking sydney is rattled by the siege .
. okay i quit .this was funny tho . happy hump day
damnnnn first thing that was on obama's agenda was freeing lil boosie !!! trillest president ever
this is why everyone i love should just move out west
appears worst of sandy is over , but there's still serious flooding allover the city . buncha bullshit .
queen is to give a written statement friday afternoon regardless of the results .
the queen to release a statement on result on friday afternoon .
to help celebrate st . patrick's day
and you are also a fun st . patrick's day
well , that explains it . apparently , michael brown was stoned while black .
jabari asim , wrote 'the talk ', he discusses how the death of inspired him to write this poem .
after that win nothing can ruin my night hurricane sandy deez nuts
the most read story on right now is not about hurricane sandy . it's piece :
obama probably getting some pussy rite now as we speak for his big day
but u in canada tho -__ obama would win this election . god is in creator . god bless america
black america u have no rights that ur government has 2 respect . this is the most disgusting shit ive seen in my life
people should never have knives but the kid who killed those school children is still alive isn't he ?
hey hurricane sandy come this way !
wow wishes everyone in the path of hurricane sandy good luck and be safe !!!!
lol yesterday was st . patricks day and i had no clue
happy st . patrick's day ! please enjoy the holiday and get home safely !
lahore : gulshan-e-iqbal park dhamakay main janbahaq afrad ki tadad 56 ho gai , 120 say zaid zakhmi , dco lahore : for details watch ary news
:gulshan-e-iqbal park dhamakay me janbahaq honay walay afraad ki tadad 60 ho gai .150 se zaid zakhmi .rescue operation jari 8 :45pm
praying for everyone in brussels right now x
horrible scenes in brussels , r .i.p all . we do not let them win
ebola indeed ! what bs and you let him get away with it . problem with msm--let the liars continue to lie . you support gop .
the death toll from the africa's ebola virus outbreak increases by 16 percent .
be quite amusing to see scotland vote yes today just to see salmond monumentally fuck things up !
could andy murray swing (ball) this ?
news : prepare now for hurricane sandy
i'm having flashbacks to that hurricane last year that flooded . everything .
germanwings plane crash : the first rescuer at the scene - bbc news
vital lesson in air safety in light of the crash of germanwings airbus a320 . 2 persons will be in the cockpit times .
triangle of life-earthquake safety tips by god bless nepal india
and a good resource to help figure out where to give donations to have the best impact :
several pr firms in new york relying on temporary offices : hurricane sandy has forced a number of agencies that
several pr firms in new york relying on temporary offices : hurricane sandy has forced a via
geoff shreeves is preparing to enter german changing room to give the players the bad news : they're going home
the german fans faces , i do feel sorry for them
so its really that deep with hurricane sandy ?
probably not getting back to dc tomorrow night .
best part of my st patricks day weekend was by far spending it with my #1 trader
ready for ireland ..saint patrick day here we come !
hope you your family have a happy st . patrick's day :)
my phone said you responded to my tweet about the movie frozen but you were talking about patrick haha
we are back live from after explosions rock airport and metro station :
a small payback for killing patrice lumumba .
attacks : police release new images of suspected airport bomber : live blog
world condemns brussels bombings as strike on european democracy : bruxelles , belgium : world leaders united tue
photos : justin bieber , emma watson , alec baldwin and more react on twitter to hurricane sandy : a slew of stars t
photos and stories from hurricane sandy on this community page i just noticed .
swear the hurricane has come to rothwell
tonight ann i will dine on kobe beef with champagne-steamed gruyere cheese . but the victims of hurricane sandy
happy st . patrick's day everyone no green water for me
happy st . patrick's day ! cheers to the breeds of ireland !
has done nothn to improve the well-being of the citizens of !
still wondering how jon favreau got elected mayor of
happy st . patrick's day ! we're sporting our today , are you ?
happy st . patrick's day from team ananich !
need these new patrick mohrs this fall .
for st patrick's day , i am drinking an english style beer that is brewed in america by a german .
solid source would like to wish everyone a very happy st . patrick's day !!!
happy st patrick's day from all of us at eagle granite !
happy st . patrick's day !!! don't be drunk ;)
happy st patrick's day ! have a great day ! xoxo
(#clangutah) typhoon lashes east philippines with heavy rain : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in t (#clangutah)
typhoon lashes east philippines with heavy rain : typhoon hagupit makes landfall
.. verizon rolls out mobile device charging stations for sandy victims : definitely helpful for anyone i
verizon rolls out mobile device charging stations for sandy victims : definit
this is as green as it gets today !!!! happy st . patrick's day ! goarmy
happy st . patrick day from da kidd ewizzle
init man . it's gone on long enough . liverpool twitter accounts are genuinely trying to link it with the boston bombings !
here's the article that is reading from right now : more on the bombings :
showcase about to rip the stage . mad love . packed house . atx usa representing !
and have already killed the showcase ! and more to com
ok i know what im watching ! i know more than he think i know .
who else is just watching the just for
oh , by the way , while you were distracted by other events , it looks like the ebola virus might be coming to a town near you .
south africa would not survive an ebola virus outbreak : south africa would not survive an ebola virus outbreak
happy st patrick's day to the irish people out there have a green day .
it's st patrick's day . brb gonna drown myself in guinness to forget my embarrassment .
so schools who claimed paris terrorists had nothing legitimate to do with islam .
thoughts and prayers go out to all the families in paris and abroad ! so sad .
i love seeing a green chicago river . one of chicago's greatest saint patricks day traditions .
i got pinched twice today bc i didn't have green on (note to self : remember next st patricks day to wear green )
the fact that obama had jay-z open up for him with a concert before his speech today is so tight lol
if obama doesn't *when tomorrow . cool . not even spell checking it .
a vote for a president to lead on climate change : the devastation that hurricane sandy brought to n
green news a vote for a president to lead on climate change : the devastation that hurricane sandy brought to new
state department offers assistance to americans in paris
yes , obama , again innocent lives are lost thanks to your poor policy and lack of understanding of islamic terror /ideology.#parisattacks
after the hurricane , my service is even more fucked up .
i didn't realize hurricane sandy was that bad .
video : members of the new black panther party take over police chief's news conference
what led anyone to think the gov jay nixon has vpotus level talent ?
it's my tradition to not wear green on st . patrick's day . and i have reflexes like a cat . just saying .
will wear green jerseys on st . patrick's day for first time in many years .
happy st patricks day weekend -b
happy st patricks day everyone - may the luck of the irish be with you !
lagos issues ebola alert : the lagos state government yesterday gave some precautionary measures t via matt_ews
: lagos issues ebola alert : the lagos state government yesterday gave some
unacceptable reporters say : cops all removed their badges and id tags
yoo smh reporters say : cops all removed their badges and id tags
happy st patricks day springs right around the corner right ?
happy st . patrick's day from this irish lady !!
nepal earthquake and everest avalanche kill 2400 people with huge aftershock - telegr
yare nepal earthquake and everest avalanche kill 2400 people with huge aftershock - telegraph .c yare
take iniesta out of that half and nothing happened !!
ikerrr !!! you are a fucking god !! san iker !!!
another earthquake on the west coast as destruction continues in the east .
weathering so far in sw ct at storm surge levels +17.5 ft .
amazing time-lapse of hurricane sandy from nyc : so fortunate to have been spared out west . thoughts with the victims
ufo sightings : link to hurricane sandy and moon activity filmed [videos]
eiffel tower goes dark in wake of paris terror attacks
give support to our brothers in paris
second time attack has been in paris they stop someone talk to him and let him go . for safety need better intelligence
dear red states ,#jesus not only embraces all but also all terrorists .
happy st . patrick's day sweetheart !! xx
here's to being tired as shit . happy st . patricks day !
waaaiiit , i forgot about sandy -_-
watching fox and they are completely ignoring sandy coverage or coverage of the new obama /christie bromance .
we've updated our coverage with the latest track . keep up to date :
sandy , boring and lifeless in film , an annoying blowy drip in real life .
daww happy st patricks day everyone
ayee happy st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day lamplighter public house
happy st . patricks day y'all ! hope everyone had a good one .
via your guide to sxsw from sched founder taylor mcknight , who actually lives in austin
your guide to sxsw from sched founder taylor mcknight , who actually lives in austin : afte
awe internet some of the hurricane parody accounts are just wow
i would like a cuddle buddy for this hurricane
happy st patricks day everyone love the irish :)ehheheeh i'm irish if anyone didnt know -c
happy st . patrick's day to all . may the luck o ' the irish be with you .
if you say you love hurricane sandy for giving you off from school , you're dumb .
track hurricane sandy online via twitter , the web : you can keep up with the latest hurricane sandy news through
president obama in victory speech : 'best is yet to come '
watching obama's victory speech in bio
scared , a hurricane is hitting my area #i
despite hurricane sandy's uncertainty , be prepared , weather experts advise -troy record
viral : downtown after sandy : walking 3 miles in blacked-out nyc , the night after the storm : boing bo
downtown after sandy : walking 3 miles in blacked-out nyc , the night after the storm : boing boing pal jo
its st patricks day liam you must drink whisky
what does saint patricks day even celebrate ?
french pm valls says chemical warfare risk not ruled out : paris (reuters) - france could face the risk (yahoo)
french pm valls says chemical warfare risk not ruled out : paris (reuters) - france could face the risk of chem
it wouldn't be far fetched to assume a portion of the racial division in the hashtag is perhaps fabricated .
what type of fire power the ppl in are armed with and 2 have the nationalguard appear .. hell all i see is !
many prayers to boston !! god bless !! give you all my live :) good morning everyone !! getting ready for the day !!
prayers to all the ppl from boston :(#boston
: brussels attack images show bomb fragments that were pulled from survivors : doctors showed the huge pie
brussels attack images show bomb fragments that were pulled from survivors : doctors showed the huge pieces of
happy st . patrick's day ! here are the best places to celebrate today !
hope you get better soon ! happy st .patricks day though !
: uk weaker outside eu ,government to warn
late feb orb poll cited by shows slight majority of uk voters favor . populist mood clearly works against staying in eu .
well time to actually go to work . seriously though everyone brussels and belgium stay safe .
fleur where are you are you okay are you anywhere near brussels
happy st . patrick's day from hb !!!
hey red happy st patrick's day
eight days before election , sandy disrupts presidential campaign
people devising looting sprees via twitter in wake of hurricane sandy may find armed resist
my heart breaks for the countless families friends of those killed in paris now , a grant hs football player shot killed .
know i'm late but what happened in paris ?
families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victi
families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to t
downtown austin . happy st . patrick's day !
we're wearing green are you ?happy st .patrick's day !! :)
bank of america , wells fargo , chase among big banks waiving fees in sandy aftermath
bank of america , wells fargo , chase among big banks waiving fees in sandy aftermath : several of the major u .s. b
debating if should go to a bar for st patrick's day
how was working with neil patrick harris ?
seattle teens missing after nepal quake presumed dead , families say : seattle (reu
seattle teens missing after quake presumed dead , families say
hurricane sandy likely to make landfall near atlantic city (via
wow i am way to fab for this hurricane
i hope my powers dont go out during the hurricane
are we really gunnaa have a hurricane ? o_0
me driving with sandy hurricane effects
you know you're from florida when you go to the beach during a hurricane
american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola - a spokeswoman for an aid organization says an american doctor
american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola : american doctor working with ebola patient '
but st . patrick's day is all day ! not just breakfast !
irish twins from besaw's in portlandchic cocktails for st . patrick's
: patrick collins writes about chris powell's sacking : for the first time since i started this blog i a
: patrick collins writes about chris powell's sacking : for the first time since i started this blog
awe yea just hit the turn tables
the sequoias held us and artists down this week
is it too soon to be hurricane sandy for halloween ?
hurricane sandy may be a big deal .
the dispossessed in communities like are seldom treated like citizens , or even humans for that matter . that must end .
did you expect the press not to vilify brown as they gear up for the trial of the white cop ?
lucky me with a terrible head cold this st . patrick's day weekend . going hard by pounding shots of dayquil . cheers !
everyone is celebrating st . patrick's day and i'm sitting on a farm
here's to the silent majority . the ones who weren't arseholes on twitter .
well scotland v england in november is going to be fun
happy st patrick's day to all our fabulous followers !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! cheers to you ! :d
really rewarding day at work today with the boys , plus got to watch obama get elected - fantastic !
and im proud to announce obama is back bitches
juanes attends his first springsteen concert , will open for the boss at sxsw festival : while latin sensation jua
the good news : found the gay dance club open after hours . the bad news : no 9 :30am sessions
nepal earthquake : regional powers jockey for status in aid effort
my bitch is so ugly nepal earthquake : regional powers jockey for status in aid effort : we
st . patricks day and i didn't even drink
on st patrick's day couldn't of been more crazy :d
por spent most of the match v . ger running up their own backsides . ronaldo's cold streak continues .
successful 1 st game . good performance
niggas yellin obama in the hallways lol
to those who are saying obama is a communist (take a guess at who are sayin it , i daaare ya ) stop being so fucking ridiculous .#obama
in private conference call , ryan tells evangelicals that obama threatens 'judeo-christian values ': hmm .
in private conference call , ryan tells evangelicals that obama threatens 'judeo-christian values ': hmm . dk
obama won now everybody stfu
wow , waking up and getting bombarded with obama tweets really makes my morning . -.- either way its still 6 :30 am .
sandy synonymous w /obama 1 st term but luckily , when he reached across the isle , someone had guts to reach back look
stupid hurricane . i wanted to watch the knicks
some transatlantic flights continue to be affected by hurricane sandy . passengers advised to contact airline before travelling to airport .
it's like a movie horrible to see that
happy st patrick's day ! hope it brings you all the luck of the irish .
happy st .patrick's day !! may the luck of the irish be with you !! :) 3
i'm gonna tell you about my fucking day in . the day after . i want to share this .
it will get softer but will live on forever in your mind .
we're about to get under way in poland vs russia . who you think will win ?
now time for poland vs russia .
[st] nepal earthquake : singaporean appeals for information on missing sister : april 28, 2015 9 :02 a
nepal earthquake : singaporean appeals for information on missing sister : april 28, 2015 9 :02 amsingapore - a s
typhoon threatens philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barrel
news typhoon threatens philippines - rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barreled
feeling real good lets get it obama
obama doesn't rhyme with ohana . dumbass .
# why is there no cure ?: nearly 40 years after ebola was discovered , there is still no cure . but coul
ebola : why is there no cure ?: nearly 40 years after ebola was discov
united airlines supports humanitarian relief efforts in nepal : united airlines today announced that it will wo
kudos to for sending medicines to to combat post disaster diseases with the help of apollo and cct .#nepalearthquake
texas playing like they just came from
attending music ? i'm playing at 7 :15 tonight . come on down to maria maria , have some margaritas and tacos , and listen to my show !
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ddnfajc8ax
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kxlbvzprej
going to be funny seeing everyone on us westcoast waking up to story retweeting the stories
very relieved that hijacking has been resolved with it seems no physical harm to passengers and crew
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/okkufs3hyq
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/g53nwuuvo2
tomorrow will be my first time voting and i know with my vote i will make a difference
tomorrow i'm goin to vote my vote gon be the difference !
does anyone else find it funny that hurrican sandy is producing snow ?
dtn world news : canadians urged to prepare for hurricane sandy : canadian officials are urging those in the path ht
wish romney was black so people wouldn't make it about race
i woke this morning put it on the news obama won !
it's st . patricks day ? woops
happy st patrick's day it's been two years since
raw : police conduct raids in brussels : multiple explosions have been heard from a police operation in a (usto)
raw : police conduct raids in brussels : multiple explosions have been heard from a police operation in a brusse
stock markets will be closed tomorrow for hurricane
waiting for ms sandy to get here is boring -_-
i didn't even know there was a hurricane ? :o
i'd really like to whine about my aches pains sadness but i haven't been thru a hurricane today or have 2 put a pet down ,so i'll shut up .
happy st .patrick's day y'all ! :d
happy st patrick's day my irish peeps ! xx
david stern - hurricane katrina hahahahaha
david stern just said hurricane katrina instead of sandy . get him out
it's st . patrick's day , so let's celebrate the best way we know how . donuts .
looks like a st patricks day parade to me too
happy st . patrick's day from the w .i.t.s. staff
may you have all the luck of the irish ! happy st . patrick's day !!!
second half kicked off , spain 0 -0 italy
(2nd half ) spain 0 -0 italy . go spain !!! :)
i stand with paris as i stand with beirut . our common enemy are the terrorists . i have always had my reservations about religion
show no mercy paris !!! fuck them up !
reuters - ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) - the ebol
: ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reut via
happy st patrick's day first day of orlando !
happy st . patrick's day to all my irish relatives friends throughout the world . enjoy the day .
pepco increases the number of personnel called in for hurricane sandy :
: prez can't decide whether to do sandy-bag photo-op or huddle in white house with a fresh batch of beer . answer on nov . 7 th .
well sandy you surprised me lol
our thoughts go out to those affected by hurricane sandy at this time . 3
a new favorite : dma - riding holiday (sxsw 2012 showcasing band ) by on
a new favorite : midwest dilemma - the great depression (sxsw 2012 showcasing band ) by on
wishing you a very happy st .patrick's day . have fun today !
happy st patricks day ! anyone celebrating , let us know what you are up to x
what living in brussels feels like
update : reports from brussels now say at least 23 people are dead following three explosions at airport , subway station .
there's a reason most people look away from horrifying things . please take care . all of you out there .
. those protestors work all day at their jobs . then protest all night . when do they sleep ?
blimey , first scotland votes no and now wembley will host the euro finals , not a bad day so far
and we awake to scotland remaining a part of the uk
g + ebola deaths surge in sierra leone and liberia - who .geneva (reuters) - ebola continues to spread in
top story : ebola deaths surge in sierra leone and liberia : who | reuters see more
good talk ! a night of history and upset .
my final prediction is 1 -1 at the end of regulation leading to a win by italia in the 3 rd penalty shootout of the tourney .
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/nh1anjb8
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/bzorrx8n
get before you :watch this vid : a presidency of historic consequence -
while extremely rare , theres nothing like an elector dissenting , proving votes of many are worthless compared to vote of 1 .
kuuky__frez sierra leone declares health emergency over ebola : the country , one of three battling kuuky__frez
somaliland : sierra leone declares health emergency over ebola : the country , one of three battling
charlie hebdo's post-shooting cover is powerful
charlie hebdo's post-shooting cover is powerful via
mumford and sons play potential second album material at headline sxsw show - watch : the 'sigh | nme
mumford and sons play potential second album material at headline sxsw show - watch : the 'sigh no more ' band als
happy sober st . patrick's day ! have an awesome monday .
happy st . patrick's day from savannah !
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mxthldfikj
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gykl38zx7v
just landed ewr . passport , baggage , customs , cab and home . looking forward to being with family , still without power after
nurses 'breathed' for babies after superstorm sandy shut down new york hospital | via
4 year fact : obama has 99 problems but mitt ain't one .
lmao i just remembered 4 years ago when obama first was voted president my humanities teacher at lionel went hella hangover to school
ok i happily swap for your sxsw ticket ? btw i vaguely remember having an ok gin on the balcony at the billiard room on sixth .
i have a completely empty schedule . i've rsvp'd for a few things , but i want the theme of this year to be
who else thinks north korea did the bombs in boston ?
praying for boston and those affected . tragic .
i uploaded a video sandy testimonial
more pictures released from 51 deaths . homes whipped out . devastating . i've heard more jokes about it than anything . c'mon people .
spain is the best !!!!!!!!!!!! 2 -0!!!! let italy be crushed !!! /////// i love you alba !!!!
goooooooooaaaaal !!! what a pass by xavi ! spain 2 - 0 italy
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/id3h47oijt
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qhibtwx144
and after all the debating and the trash talking obama still won .
okay . obama won . now , can we all please move on with our life ?
what if there was a hurricane tyrone ? think it would show up on time or be on cp time ?
cant believe this hurricane is still going on
the precidential race - obama vs . romney - a social slugfest
how about a guy in a brian terry mask shoots obama in the ass ?? via
to celebrate saint patricks day i am going to eat some more food !
st . patrick's day special ! enjoy our spacious insulated shopping with any order placed between now
if i didn't have to register at midnight monday , i would actually consider going out for st patrick's day , and that's a miracle in itself .
bouta get ready , headed to the st . patrick's day festival in dublin today ! but first ima smoke and skate to da bank cuz ya boy feelin great
as we pray and think about people in boston don't forget to say a little prayer and think about the soldiers getting hit with them everyday
i don't understand these pople who does thing like this .
happy st . patrick's day maria ! aww . my mom would say the same thing to me :)
wishing i was back in ireland ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! what's your favorite 'green' car ?
happy st . patrick's day . can you pronounce refugio ?
our ride for the st . patrick's day parade in downtown !
had so much fun with my family at the annual st . patrick's day parade in downtown racine . thank you for all your
obama wins ohio , re-election : the associated press declared president barack obama the winner of the 2012 electi
barack only won because he had jay-z on his side .
it's not some g . d . opinionit's life or death !!! pls rt
canada bombing in costs $1b/yr contributes to 2 % of allies ' airstrikes
happy st . patrick's day ! only $9.99!
have a happy and blessed saint patrick's day !!!
happy st . patrick's day my wine loving friends !
happy st . patricks day from us here at wizard !
there were many deaths in total from sandy specify if u r only going to mention us otherwise there's at least 84 due 2 sandy
we were expecting sandy all we have so far is rain . and warm (ish) temperatures .
i am great ! the hurricane didn't so anything to my area , but my home philly was a lil disturbed . u look so great in that costume !
reporter caught on hot mic today at the storm relief event saying : 40 % chance romney says something stupid about sandy .
i haven't heard a thing about st . patrick's day all day . probably because i am an adult with an adult job who has put childish things aside .
patrick blakley , '83, an champ for to be inducted into greater flint afro-american hall of fame
picture compares hurricane irene to hurricane sandy . article
hurricane sandy prompts networks to air reruns monday via
after , we think the has had enough . no more , no more climate inaction . rt if you agree !
livin ' life in 'the lou ': sandy's death toll climbs ; millions without power
fisher : echoes of canadian attacks in sydney siege
cafe hidden bean remains closed . a relative was one of the hostages in sydney siege .
paris : one week later via
paris burning by michael peck via
they must have heard you , i just heard plans ate in the works for a sandy aid concert !
u 2 sir ! great seeing u (shame on the circumstance though )u at the hotel tonight ? should be back in a couple of hours
cant wait for germany vs netherlands !
denmark vs . portugal today . head out to the to watch it over a nice cold beer (or 2, 3, 4, )
newsvid from cuban-tv showing destruction of area on the southern coast of via
nbc is doing a great piece on cory booker , twitter what he's doing in newark , post sandy . love this guy
that's really ironic because it's st patricks day today ?!!! should be getting luck not bad luck !
gts when in elementary school i use to go to different classrooms and sing the sullivan song on st . patricks day l-i-v-a-n
snopes : american teen survives three terrorist attacks : a 19 -year-old who was hit by shrapnel in brussels was
american teen survives three terrorist attacks : a 19 -year-old who was hit by shrapnel in brussels was al (17+)
ahhhh boston , i miss you :) happy st . patrick's day !
i'm really late but happy st . patrick's day :)
pray for paris , things like this should never happen .
[naijadailyfeed] fear , grief and support after deadly attacks in paris : fear is stalking the streets of paris again .
could be a long 2 nd half for shay given .
goal !!!!!! mandzukics 2 nd of the game croatia 3 -1 ireland
meet the 17 year old 'leader' of protests .! well done ..
rthk reports : hkce c .y leung , chief secretary carrie lam will speak at 23 :30 hkt
happy st patrick's day ! a lovely picture from the weekend for all you irish (and fans
today : great st . patrick's day sale ! 50 % off green clothing ! ( .99 green tag sale !)
a very happy st patrick's day to all my twitter friends ! have a great week . looks like it could be a sunny one :)
wishing a happy st patricks day to all , especially my irish friends . on a more curious note , did you know that
torres just shut everyone up . .
that's the torres we wanna see ! that's why a team will pay 50 mil for him !!
dubai looks safer than paris .
it's the natural solidarity of free people , of course , but i'm also saddened by news from paris because my affection for the french is deep .
i don't like idea of shoot-to-kill , but in limited circumstances like paris attacks would accept .
before paris attack , concert hall had via |
2 people are dead and 3 injured , that is just heartbreaking :(
such horrible scenes in thoughts n prayers with them all , need to abolish this evil !!!!
so am i expected to have st patricks day pj's for tomorrow ???
making st . patricks day cupcakes for the special needs kids tomorrow (:
what we know about the isis jihadi who planned the paris terror attacks november 18, 2015 at 06 :19pm
4 key things you need to know about the paris attackers november 18, 2015 at 06 :17pm
happy st patricks day ! and a very happy and safe monday everyone .
bedtime for me . happy st . patrick's day . play safely !xoxox
unbelievable . words cannot begin to express what just happened at parliament hill .
another canadian soldier has been shot in ottawa ! !!
during a hurricane catch me and smoking outside .
hurricane sandy relief fund will support relief efforts by organizations working in the area , including
happy st . patrick's day from coral dental
happy st . patrick's day from bridgetown dentistry !
goal ! goal ! goal ! come on portugal
how many goals have been scored from set pieces ? 1 -0 portugal
ecmwf the model of choice all along has landfall right where nhc does at a pressure of 945 mb .
it looks like winds are starting to pickup a bit .
your opening day sxswi power rankings : today is the first day of sxsw interactive and despite no ins
today is the first day of sxsw interactive a '
patrick beverley a player you want on your team especially playoff time
love how kg (patrick beverley ) is playing i always felt he was the better player than rose back in the day
what did sydney just send me ..
so sorry to hear about what happened in sydney , my thoughts are with everyone involved .
fake pattys st . patricks day
i can only assume st patricks day is going well noel
happy st . patrick's day (from an actual leprechaun )! (part)irish
happy st . patrick's day from the music room !!
oh ! nothing . just just saying . and how come you haven't added your romney twitbo ?
we are on day 7 w /o power . romney was right about . : misery for 2.5 million after six days as lawlessness .
majority of voters said romney policies would favor the rich ; a plurality thought obama's would favor the middle class
brb asking obama for his approval .
tomorrow's st . patrick's day . guess it is time to break out the good ol ' glasgow celtic shirt .
happy st patrick's day !! would you be kind enough to follow me please ? xx
celtic knots , crosses and st . patrick
i always found it funny how st george and st andrew are turkish and israel-y but st patrick is a brit that ireland took hostage .
czech republic already 2 -0 up in first 5 min
dang already 2 -0 in the 5 th min .
happy mf'n saint patrick's day !!!
what's your name ? happy st . patrick's day !
ok i've decided that if i'm going to suffer , everyone else should be suffering with me : --click it !! you won't !
comcast preemptively packed it in and shut off our internet cable . i'd expect nothing less given xfinity's stel
well uncomparably more punished by obama . he promotes mediocrity . capitalism abobut rewarding success . he borderline communist
i know i'm late 2 congr 8 s mr obama . cuz i didn't have time . though i'm british i'm so happy that mr obama is the president of usa again . :)
yikes , debbie is hot gluing costume jewelry onto a white vinyl couch on this show . it officially makes sandy today's second biggest travesty
sandy , nice try , but you can't stop me from going to the gym .
delivery of petitions asking co . prosecutor to be removed from case
every man and woman has a human right to live their lives without threat of danger and the pd
hurricane patricia weakens after landfall in mexico
vaquero in mexico trying to rescue his horse
good morning !!!! we survived st .patricks day hope everyone all you irish people had a great day ;))) now spring
thanks to everyone who came out to half time rec last night for st . patrick's day !
thanks ! oh yeah happy (late) saint patricks day !
band marched in st . patrick's day parade in dublin
oh yeah .. it's st .patricks day .. woops
my only class today is canceled , and it's st . patrick's day .
video : a sea of green spectators celebrate at st . patrick's day parade - vancouver sun
i just realized that it's snowing on st patricks day lls
found out the problem .. it's hurricane sandy .
we knew this hurricane was gonna be a crazy one when we found out it had the same name as my mother
thoughts go out to those in ottawa , stay strong
thoughts go out to everyone in ottawa today . that globe and mail video inside parliament hill is surreal
happy st patrick's day from khloe !!!
oh yea happy st .patricks day fools
not really sure the officials on the line are needed during penalty shootouts .
that's y defenders shouldn't take penaltys !
dtn india : egyptair flight hijacked , 4 foreigners , crew taken hostage | 5 things about the hijacker : larnaca :
egyptair flight hijacked , 4 foreigners , crew taken hostage | 5 things about the hijacker : larnaca : an egyptian
happy st . patrick's day . stay safe and out of trouble .
happy st . patrick's day !source: ~ the skullivan
come oooooon germany , hit those goals :)
germany vs portugal let's have another upset
dhs secretary napolitano uses hurricane sandy to hype cyber threat : no natural disaster in the last sever forbes
dhs secretary napolitano uses hurricane sandy to hype cyber threat : no natural disaster in the last several years has passed without
impressed with ( all parties involved ) for pulling off today's settlement in naval square . can't stop real estate !
brooklyn : volunteers needed at park slope armory
the october surprise : her name is sandy : everyone has been waiting for an october surprise to affect the tight
sandy u can take me now !!! ahhaha
st . patrick is probably gonna haunt me today .
happy st .patricks day hope you have a wonderful day don't forget wear green :)
here's wishing a happy st . patrick's day to cincinnati star forward sean kilpatrick .
i want a green morph suit just for saint patrick day
bout to thing over to three . feeling the effects of some earlier st . patrick's day festivities so i dunno about a stream .
why is it that st patrick's day is the day right before my finals . no drinking for me just studying . crammin .
nearly st . patrick's day in new zealand
ends today paddy's day open int
i'm having a hard time taking this hurricane seriously with the name sandy .
if hurricane katrina was engineered by george w . bush to kill african americans , who did obama engineer hurrican
omg ! just had a horrible thought ! what if the mormons are wrong ? maybe we should vote for obama just in case .
if they like obama , they will vote obama . if they like romney , they will vote for him . if the person doesn't want to vote , let them be .
(ap) germanwings ceo : plane went into 8 -minute descent before crashing .
breaking : germanwings ceo : plane went into 8 -min descent before crashing . via news conference : via
happy st patrick's day from bni sittingbourne
happy st . patrick day ! enjoy the day everybody !
hurricane sandy downgraded as storm heads for us east coast : intensity of storm subsides but east coast prepares
gaurdian : hurricane sandy downgraded as storm heads for us east coast : intensity of storm subsides but east coas
reporters : at least one person shot tonight
why don't the police understand that they are just agitating the situation ? it's not hard to comprehend !
quick ! rt this before hurricane sandy affects you ;)
hurricane sandy just came in so clutch
u .s. airlines cancel flights , hotels book up before hurricane : new york (reuters) - hurricane sandy wil bisnis :
u .s. airlines cancel flights , hotels book up before hurricane : new york (reuters) - hurricane s cc
how is everyone doing ? been up since 2 am with the wet vac in the laundry room , but am happy we still have power so far in dc metro .
anyone who can safely report about please upload videos to or use our free iphone app , registration is free
can't make it to austin ? the satellite has an sxsw alternative for you
mmmmm , real texas bbq take 1
he's adorable ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day and in honor of the color greenlet's all go green by using online banking products .
egyptair : hijacked plane lands at cyprus airport : the egyptair plane was hijacked while flying from alex
egyptair : hijacked plane lands at cyprus airport : the egyptair plane was hijacked while flying from alexandria
are you having fun on st patricks day so far ?
hannah st . patricks day math and l .a. via
al jazeera network us candidates campaign in swing states : latest polls show president barack obama and rival mi
us candidates campaign in swing states : latest polls show president barack obama and rival mitt romne
in the airport on sunday !!#wanttobehomeeatinggoodfood better /miss you
the is a great , real-world , huge example of project management in action ! thank a project manager today !
any excuse to add baileys to my coffee . thanks st . patrick .
my favorite thing about at patricks day are niall's happy tweets about st patricks day
just realized its st . patricks day .its not really celebrated here in hawaii .hahaha
vad newsletter-happy st patrick's day
we are on board with the syracuse st . patrick's day parade ! are you ?!
st . patrick's day theme unit , lessons , activities , resources
a plea from will ferrell to us voters :
14 % of all likely voters consider a candidate's faith a key factor for selecting the president .
guys its only a hurricane . keep it in your pants .
prayers for family and everyone facing out there . god , let this be over soon !
oh my goodness these nepal death numbers are in the 3 ks now
let us pray for victims of nepal .
mashable : hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google's event , rumored to revolve around the
tech update : hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event
rtenter your address to get personalized , pro-education ballot recommendations .
voted for bruce bochey . he makes great decisions with what he has to work with and takes a chance on people .
interesting night as always sxsw . see you soon , i'm really tired
sxsw out 2 a great start at 3 am
roxxruiz : how the nepal earthquake happened like clockwork
jackflorek 84 : how the nepal earthquake happened like clockwork
happy st . patrick's day to the whole horan family :) have a great day :d
nyc is packed today for the st . patrick's day . fifth avenue is swarming !
i wish i was 21 so i can go out and celebrate st patricks day
on st . patricks day in 1988 right next door in oakland the boys playedhenry j . kaiser auditorium , oakland ,
half time show was the most awkward dancing i have ever seen . i hope the choreographer gets fired for life !!
it's still 0 -0 though -_-
global leaders stood in silence ahead of their first formal session at the g20 to pay tribute to those who lost their lives in paris . it wa
this chilling video is being widely shared on social media . you can hear an explosion
so sorry to hear the incident in boston .
updates : 2 killed , more than 130 people injured in boston marathon bombing
lmao whoever made the hurricane sandy twitter is a funny character
after the hurricane imma go break peen wood windows and make them think sandy did it
heat unsure game at knicks should be played via
the new york marathon's generators could power 400 homes in staten island (but they won't the atlantic wire
very happy obama won . america is in safe hands .
is it wrong to be happy that barack obama is still the president of usa ? i know i'm not american but siriusly .
genuinely have no idea why it's so great obama has been elected . someone help . fill me in on all this political shit .
don't talk shit about obama if you can't back it up
it's st .patricks day and i'm stuck at work
happy st . patricks day . -oakes
he's a hurricane that no man can calm
it was better in the bahamas until now . hurricane on the loose . praying for those folks down there .
happy st . patrick's day , the only irishman i know .
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at lcc !
yup rt we agree . very cool .
sxsw 2012 : intense comedy makes '21 jump street ' a riotous update
rebecca harrington : mtv shines spotlight on up and coming artists at sxsw : by elijah watson , the daily texan . wh
rebecca harrington : mtv shines spotlight on up and coming artists at sxsw : by elijah watson , the daily
how became a breeding ground for terror
az couple survives horror inside airport during brussels terror attacks : so happy they're safe !
goodnight hope you all had a good st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at tknotes !
ireland will be lucky if they can salvage a point from this not looking good at all .
ireland need to settle they are the comeback kings world cup 2002 bring on mcclean give them something different
typhoon hagupit sweeps across the philippines - abc news : typhoon hagupit sweeps across the philipp
typhoon hagupit sweeps across the philippines - abc news : the independenttyphoon hagupit sweeps
shockersobama takes ct , de , dc , il , md , ma , me , and ri
projections : obama gets ct , de , dc , il , md , ma , me , ri
spain have no recognised striker in their starting eleven against italy - pass , pass , pass , pass , pass , pass , pass
wtf spain not starting with ano actual striker
sure i wanted to work all day st patricks day ????
tomorrow is st . patricks day and we are offering double member rewards on all cards purchased ! be sure to see
why are people marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake on facebook , when they're not even in nepal ?
why are people on facebook who aren't even in nepal marking themselves as safe from the nepal earthquake
it's all breaking down for the greeks !
what ! just because there country's skint
wouldn't it be better to hope they aren't injured at all ?
right now : special report on , watch live now :
retweeted bbc news (world) : huge manhunt under way for surviving members of islamist
oilnews : update 1 -oil, gold edge up in nervous start on commodities markets after paris attacks
we got off lucky with hurricane sandy . we did get some rain wind . now , we have been getting snow , but it isn't amounting to much .
fuck you sandy should of went to texas
obama has gotten darker ever since he was elected 4 years ago o .o
photo : politico : president barack obama and first lady michelle obama embrace vice president joe biden and
oh no , patricks day again , i hate so much greenery
happy st . patrick's day from soasta (+playlist): via
happy st patrick's day to all our irish friends and followers !
a top of the morning to you all ! wooohoo ! happy st . patricks day !
wear green today otherwise some idiot is going to pinch you
[photos] happy st . patrick's day ! some people go crazy for today we've got some of the many green things that
absolutely insane : parliament hill attacked , soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
parliament hill attacked , soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawaa man with a rifle shot a soldier
if fivethirtyeight thinks obama has a 92 % chance of winning , nate silver must be willing to accept any bet better than 10 /9 obama , right ?
obama is like the only politician i like
how to prevent ebola from spreading to the u .s.: the ebola virus is only a short plane ride fro
: how to prevent ebola from spreading to the u .s.: the ebola virus is only a short plane via
attentat a paris 10 e !!! + fusillade paris 11 e !!!!
deadly shootout reported in central paris via
miselu neiro android-powered synth hands-on at sxsw (video): this is the m via
miselu neiro android-powered synth hands-on at sxsw (video): this is the miselu nei
my heart aches for this world .. prayers for all those who have been affected by the tragedy in boston .
my heart goes out to all the families of the tragedy in boston .
nepal disaster : welsh men 'missing': at least three people from wales are reported to be missing fol
buy marijuana seeds : nepal disaster : welsh men 'missing': at least three people from wale
witnesses at the bataclan hall saying that the gunmen had allegedly said : what we've done was in response to your actions in syria
my name is shahmy . i am a . i condemn the with me over 1.57 billion muslims do . terrorists have no religion .#paris
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/oyjlmptk0s
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4yreik7sxc
why are up is it to keep an eye on hurricane
hurricane sandy the greatest storm in 30 years could hit ontario the hardest when it hits land this week ?
new post : doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus : the sierra leonean doctor who
[entertainment] | doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus |via linda ikeji
thanks homie ! happy st . patricks day !
happy st . patty's day !!! from the green team !
lloyd's : sandy to raise rates for risk : but the impact on the lloyd's of london insurance market should be less
lloyd's : sandy to raise rates for risk : the early estimate of consultancy eqecat was that insured losses will mo
we bouta have some sandy project x shit at ya cabin where da strippers at
shark in new york street after hurricane sandy hq they are coming to get us !
no national lottery for independent scots means no funding for arts , sports , museums . ..
daily mirror p1 headline : don't leave us this way .
happy st . patrick's day to you too ! and thanks for telling us about what st . patrick did . i've learned something from you . :)
st patrick's day last year this year
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/a9j4olfhs8
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/ilbr0coqpo
now in asia : hundreds of bodies may be buried in nepal avalanche , official says
breaking : hundreds of bodies may be buried in nepal avalanche , official says - | search
fr sandy's new threat : dirty water : officials suggest avoiding water in flooded areas .
sandy's new threat : dirty water : officials suggest avoiding water in flooded
have yall heard about that boston explosion ?
my thoughts and deepest sympathies are with those in boston .
can't believe that it happened and those people we need to pray that everyone in paris will be safe
second of all , an attack on paris happened . please pray for paris .
happy st . patrick's day for everyone from amaia and me :)
i thought everything was supposed to be green on st . patrick's day !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rcjdix2mtz
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/neq611rkiu
the only reason hurricane sandy gon be here again tonight is i dicked her the fuck down and she want more .
i think the hurricane is over so there's no need to be home .
daylight savings : the continuing romantic adventures of goh nakamura . sweet , shaggy , and irresistible , i could watch 100 of these .
i need you to get me # for me when yall go to sxsw lol
today's appropriate choice of cufflink :-) happy st patricks everyone ! i also wore a green tie and green socks .
happy saint patricks day to all . hope you are wearing something green and having an awesome day ;-)
good start to my fantasy league . anyone wanna join my euro league its on my facebook wall
[ned v den ] players to watch : dennis rommedahl (33) experienced r .winger. spent 10 yrs of his career playing for ajax psv .
happy st . patrick's day ! what's your leprechaun name ? share it with us !
proud to live in ireland ! happy st patrick's day !
a huge thank you to all those who came this morning to support our nepal disaster fundraiser . together we raised
dont come back in nepal again .
the awesome moment when you're not losing power in hurricane sandy because your dorm's on the same power grid as the white house .
i hope no one goes out to eat tonight cause of the hurricane .
winds , rain herald typhoon hagupit : cnn's andrew stevens reports from near tacloban , philippines , where t
cnn : winds , rain herald typhoon hagupit : cnn's andrew stevens reports from near tacloban , philippin
nsw has apparently confirmed is over . waiting to hear result in terms of casualties . at least 10 hostages got out safely .
terrorism has religion . terrorists r mostly mulims !
will you indulge in celebration of st . patrick's day ?
she's so pretty ! happy st .patrick's day everyone (:
cheeky flag knocking around in the stands at the game .
game over already i think .
you're in luck ! celebrate st . patrick's day at mici
oh i am , no st patricks day bevvies for me , will make up for it on sat x
it's weird being married to a hurricane
prayers for all those affected by hurricane sandy , 2012 : viasign chi do , the art of moving prayer
for st . patrick's day , an irish singer and songwriter . james vincent mcmorrow was on kcrw's morning becomes
this is my cousin . seriously . he's doing st patrick's day right .
police : soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa via ap
qui radio londra : police : soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa
9 examples of people being awesome after the attack on the boston marathon : despite all of the horror , fear , a
i feel so bad for everyone affected in boston , this is just not okay .
all these tweets about obama are really fuckin makin me pissed .
impeach obama . treason . dereliction of duty . coverup . murders .
: germanwings co-pilot deliberately crashed airbus jet , french prosecutor says : the chief marse
co-pilot appears to have crashed germanwings plane deliberately , prosecutor - reuters
the reporter who held his mic and kissed the lombardi trophy
did a reporter just kiss the lombardi trophy ?
update : snow /ice conditions : on multiple routes in patrick co . potential delays .9:06pm
it's help us out with a little bit of green to make our project a success
rt chris christie rebuffs mitt romney's request to appear at a rally with him
less than a couple days until romney can go home already .
work out of minnesota but dealing with hurricane sandy . love ya nj hang in there !
mitt romney doesn't support fed funds for fema tries to turn oh political event into photo opp
got my green covered for st .patrick's day .
happy st . patricks day everybody ! get lucky
your best dressed st patricks day winner
rt happy st patrick's day ! shamrocks on may your pockets be heavy your heart be light !
ebola virus : how to prevent you your loved ones contracting the ebola virus
ebola ? ' geese ,if we got some of that here we could raise taxes to treat people .' barack obama .
actually the official meet up is tmrw (sunday) 11 am to noon at hyatt green room - see everyone there !
what's your pet policy during sxsw ?
nepal asks foreign rescuers to leave as hopes fade
dtn china : nepal asks foreign rescuers to leave as hopes fade : there seems almost no chance that anyone alive
watch some coverage . doesn't take long to see the first amendment being trampled upon in
marching never helped us and it never will . we got to fight these pale devils by any means necessary .
let us all pray for all those in boston !
did you really pray for boston or did you just tweet it ?
help people affected by disasters like superstorm sandy by making a donation to support american red cross
on digital in a on the with thanks u have us
nice sh *t! sandy strikes in canada too , far from storm's center [a link in my bio ]
hola ! see this : sandy strikes in canada too , far from storm's center [a link in my bio ]
what the hell is wrong with these psychopaths ? i can't believe this .terror in paris : minute by minute via nytvideo
in the now - pray for all terror victims |
i need mi some of that loving
twenty years from now , candidates like mitt romney won't even stand a slither of a chance . republicans need to wake up !
pray for the runners and families of those involved in the boston marathon bombing .story is at ..
our thoughts prayers are with all our employees , friends families in the boston community .
ronaldo didn't take a pk !! portugal deserved to lose that .
ronaldo should have shot 4 th . never leave your best shooter for last because you don't know if it will make it to five shots .
oh my gah it is st . patrick's day or wait is it ?
it is st patricks day after all ?!
well happy birthday st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! may the be with you . have fun !! :)
fellow pilot's reassuring words go viral - cnn's diana magnay reports on a germanwings pilot who
bln world news fellow pilot's reassuring words go viral - cnn's diana magnay reports on a germanwings pilot who is
: paris under an apparent terror attack ; reports state at least 6 different events .
not paris nor tokyo please . spare them !
if you can pray for paris , you can pray for the whole world .
music and then gunshots : video captures attack at paris concert hall
what a fucking goal van persie !
good lord . what a goal by van persie .
huge thanks to the more than two dozen breweries participating in this weekend's fundraiser in la oc !
a new indiegogo project : fri may 08 '15 announcement from anu tareque's family in nepal
sometimes it aint bout romney vs obama its bout white vs black
if romney wins then the world is gonna end
st . patrick's day isn't about drinking you ignorant fuck .
happy st patrick day to all our irish friend x
eu exit backed by 250 business leaders - the brussels bombings were seen boosting the 'out' campaign
swedish women show support for islam by taking selfies in hijabs after brussels attacks via smh .
romney and obama change plans as sandy nears (ny times ): share with friends : | | top news - usa sto
romney and obama change plans as sandy nears (ny times )
cincinnati runners , officials react to bombing at boston marathon | cincinnati - wlwt home via
all ridgefielders in boston marathon said to be safe .
here we go ! presents kicks off tonight ! //t.co/z0desdzs
alright , how the hell do i get my hands on a invite for
hurricane sandy's impact at the pump uncertain : as hurricane sandy targets much of the east coast , experts tell
hurricane sandy's impact at the pump uncertain : as hurricane sandy targets much of the east coas
happy st patricks , to everyone and to my followers
h ah aahhhh , happy st . patrick's day
ireland need to sack trap and give the job to keane now !!!
respect for keane , says it how it is . it's about winning
the governement is trying all they can to stop you from voting . don't fall to the trap ,
cnn : vt called for obama ky called for romney
i support the st . patrick's in ! no bigotry : let veterans for peace march v
i support the st . patrick's in ! no bigotry : let everyone march
authorities deny reports of shots being fired before explosions in brussels airport
terrible news from belgium . wishing everyone at brussels airport well .
spain's killing it ! italy needs to wake up !
spain don't need jesus (he's on the bench ) but italy need some divine intervention
egyptair jet hijacked by seif eldin mustafa , diverted to larnaca , cyprus - nbcnews .comegyptair jet hijacked by
nbcnews .comegyptair jet hijacked by seif eldin mustafa , diverted to larnaca , cyprusnbcnews .coma hijacker claim
happy st . patrick's day from the skin studio
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! keep those irish eyes smiling !
serbian police arrest man with syrian passport matching paris attacker's - serbian police sources said that
who were the suspects behind the terror attacks ?
not all bad things come from hurricane sandy
what's up money . checking on you . did you avoid sandy ?
how you gone chill wit the niggas and not go for obama boi
you can't blame obama for the economy .
once the can of worms has been opened hard to get anyone back in
do not arm until ukrainian oligarchs pay fair share of taxes
can people stop calling americans dumasses for the results last night seeing romney won the popular vote .
so happy has another 4 years ! its refreshing to see a genuinely good person in power !
like so many middle class ppl exspected obama to just make everything better in just 4 years he made trumendous progress
listening to obama speak makes we want to curl up and cry when i think about where our country is headed if he wins .
we will be open early at 3 pm for st patricks day . no better place to be than
happy st . patrick's day i better get nothing but luck today
sandy had all the eyes in south beach today
i could never be anything else .. a hurricane a hurricane .
so a guy hijacked a plane to win his ex back ? and mid-hijack , this guy took a pic with him ?? what a world .
you can scoff girls , but no one ever hijacked a plane for you .
loo hurricane sandy followed me
are you ready for hurricane sandy ? i am !
pinkchainz , purple bracelets , vote obama , he paper chasin , mitt romney , think he the shit , fuck you mitt . you can suck obama dick .
if didn't vote and u could have voted and obama don't win . don't say shit !!!! just go kill to self !!
happy st .patricks day from abq .
st . patricks day flowww , uptown
top of the morning to you all , and a very happy st patrick's day to you , too . hope you have a
happy st patrick's day niall :) xx
happy st patricks day you bunch of drunken irish bastards
to all irish followers a happy saint patrick's day
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips via
[gossip] lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips
hey carbondale special st . patrick's day show with county graves . it is an early show , doors open at 7 and starts at 8
on my flight , and guess what !! free beer is served on !!! luck of the irish for sure , laddie !
i am a knobhead !! abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdes
abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested last week in brus
happy st patricks day everyone :))) party till your green and have a great day !
our st patricks day tradition starts at with a perfect bloody mary
last years st . patricks day was everything . i was sooo turnt
getting dropped off by uber at fado w / amanda ! come party with us for saint patricks day !
happy st patricks day . quite proud of my irish heritage . it's possibly why i look like a potato .
happy st patrick's day to everyone everywhere
rt be careful don't tweet too much during or wind up in - bring chocolate 4 pillow !
i was going to do an drinking game , but glad i didn't . i'd be plastered after 10 minutes .
so i guess it's st . patricks day today too ?!?!
im not saying this just because today is st . patrick's day but i will always love irish accents !
happy st . patricks day . the day everyone thinks they're irish !
glad i made it onto the legitimate roster . happy st patricks day !! (irish people only )
oh hurricane sandy was on our coast ? ya okay
there's a hurricane of pecan sandy coming out my butt !
happy st . patrick's day to my favorite irish lass .
guys guys , its officially st . patrick's day ! being irish is always great but today it's even better .
another deadly earthquake shakes nepal
panic as another earthquake shakes nepal
so sickening that someone shot and killed a soldier at a war memorial
update : multiple media reports confirm the suspect shot and killed in the was michael zehaf-bibeau
this is what 99 % of people at st . dominic looked like last night when obama won .
this is the reason why he won't com
with brett favre still in retirement the nfl had to find another star who's past their prime & can't let go .
i rather play xbox then watch the
sad as fuck marking yourself 'safe from the nepal earthquake ' when you live in england like .
just so everyone knows i am safe from the nepal earthquake
i'm not excited to start cleaning my property tomorrow . the hurricane took the shingles off of my room and blew in all sorts of trash
who cares about a hurricane when you have swag
lmaooooo david stern reminds everyone never forget hurricane carter .
i will be so happy if we get another hurricane right now
nice one , wake up and one of the favourites are losing
my fantasy league points taking a dent with that danish goal
crazy forgot it was st patricks day shit so overlooked
st . patrick's day (creature short ) omg
it sickens me that this happens in paris and people decide to start attacking zayn . i mean seriously he has done nothing wrong .
thinking of paris tonight and praying for the victims , families , and civilians .
poland vs greece is trending ! omg 3 !
poland vs greece in a while !!! who's pumped ???
flava flave made that pepsi commercial so much better .
i live people's tweets about the ;p
this is a bad ass time to have a fucking hurricane
no seriously someone throw a big ass banger . i'm tryna get schwasted for this hurricane shit
i've been looking for a way to help nepal after earthquake and found it : thanks adrian hayes .
news video : foreign survivors of the nepal earthquake arrive in paris
keep burning those timeouts manning .
mario manningham proves why he's a negro : can't stay away from those white lines .
it sucks to say , but romney is going to win .
va is the oposite . the gop votes tend to come in first , so romney will start out ahead .
i love your enthusiasm . happy st . patrick's day .
if ur english n u celebrate st patricks day ur a bell end n a big daft tube
my report from montserrat as today they celebrate st .patricks day with pride .. via
nothing like celebrating st patrick's day with some good old guiness
liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control th
liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to contro
may the luck of the irish be with you , always ! happy st . patrick's day !
irish blessings to you all happy saint patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! are you sporting green today ?
happy st patrick's day whoopi , jordan and coconut long ..:):):)
how was your st . patricks day ? was it good ? :)
st . patrick's day wins again !
second american contracts ebola : the relief organization whose doctor is being treated for ebola in liberia , announced today that ano
second american contracts ebola : the relief organization whose doctor is being treated for ebola in liberia , announced t
its scary that this is happening in paris and it can happen anywhere in the world including here but how did the world end up like this ?
hey stana did you hear what happened in paris it's very sad because i miss the people that have died in paris
happy st . patricks day to you too , jack
thanks patrick . happy st pat's day .
welcome all and folks to town ! we are glad you are here !
new daily deal app turns buying into a game : by
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit flood |
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines typhoon hagupit continued batter
hurricane sandy picks up speed , intensifies as it nears us east coast - toronto star : toronto starhurricane sandy pic
boss sent everyone home cuz of the hurricane
see picture of paris attack master mind as cherubic 12 -year-old pls rt
lindaikeji's blog : see picture of paris attack master mind as cherubic 12 -year-old: no on
looks like egyptair hijack situation is coming to a non violent end - which is good news .
just in : cyprus foreign min says egyptair hijacker arrested . hijack
rt our heartfelt prayers go out to the people of paris and all those affected by this terrible tragedy .
look at this disgusting behavior while this is going in paris !
happy st patrick's day , and i guess i'm glad you were born
what a crazy st . patrick's day . i forgot to upload all my pictures of beer in glasses though . dissapointing .
my office is doing a fundraiser for nepal . 100 % of the sales and commission will be donated to the people of nepal .
following the recent devastating earthquake , donations have been flooding in to help nepal . these donations are
hurricane sandy taught me that 2 day , a person will tweet about a fellow human being in dyer need of help opposed to actu
the cones fell due to sad face
i hate to say this , but is off today ! st . patrick's day is very important to him
i thought it was because it's st . patrick's day and he hates the irish .
obama will be re elected !! you gotta stay positive !
i need the gt cuz i need to b with madonna when obama is re-elected ! all my bags r packed , i'm coming either way ! obama or bust !
get started : sandy slams small businesses , startup weekend next shoots for 10,000 new firms : our daily blend of
wash post small biz : get started : sandy slams small businesses , startup weekend next shoots for 10,000 new firms
happy st . patricks day from my husband , my love , and my bestfriend .
ha ! happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! :)
nina simone : to be young , gifted and black via
obviously the entire just . system in needs to be blown up from the inside .#wtbloodyf are they thinking .
if this hurricane means that we can't go to washington i will not be impressed
good morning , twitterverse . hope all of you are well . prayers for safety for those on the east coast as the hurricane comes ashore
paul ryan to assist people in the path of hurricane sandy by hammering nails into already boarded up windows .
i just considered buying pop tarts . what is wrong with me .
do my green eyes count for st patrick's day ?
did you know st . patrick's day honors a persecuted christian ? here's his true story :
happy st patrick's day to all my dogs
wait whats the point of st patricks day
no michelle , i will not vote for obama . please stop invading my tv now .
on a side note jay z is rapping about hoes at obama event right now . cause they all about the women , huh .
latest social media : sxsw 2012 : nothing you expect , everything you need
new post , sxsw 2012 : nothing you expect , everything you need
happy st . patrick's day !! drink all the green beer you want , but please don't drinkdrive ..cheers!
come to club tonight !! wear green since ya know it's st . patricks day !
big shout out to all the irish fam happy st patricks day
happy st patricks day from all at bite a bargain
let's hope i don't i work too long on st patrick's day so i can go to the city .
leave it to and to ruin my st patrick's day weekend in chicago .
longest night of my life w / no twitter !!
indians continue to be the biggest ethnic asian community in new jersey .
could care less about the - echoed by & /concern 4 victims of solely .
these commercials better make me laugh !
happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends here !
happy st patrick's day !!!!! especially to my fellow irish people !!!!!
so sad what has happened in boston , will we ever learn to just get along and live together happily ?!
a few thoughts on yesterday's tragedy in boston .
time for another ispr song release ?
how brutal these people are ? killing innocence people . a heart melting indecent in lahore .may allah bless peace in our country ..
happy st .patricks day to my irish folk
happy st patrick's day , lassies and laddies !
happy st . patrick's day ! thank you very much for following .
wtf it's st . patrick's day ? wtf since when
pc tech news daily post-hurricane sandy : disaster-prepping your electronic lifelines : don't
cnn's initial covering of sandy ridiculous , consisting of reporter standing for hrs in rising water . meanwhile 100 hou
if mitt romney wins shit is hitting the fan
me and my girlfriend have officially decided that if romney wins tomorrow we are protesting by showing up at his doorstep and making out
if obama was like this he and i would have no problems
ca does not want to go anywhere . the people's republic of california loves obama .
[mi] malaysian embassy in nepal to identify citizens affected in latest quake
malaysian embassy in nepal to identify citizens affected in latest quake
tell me about this hurricane , stud
would be interested to know how many people no-show due to hurricane sandy .
ff : qa : a look at mexican coast in path of hurricane patricia : hurricane patricia , the strongest s
people of mexico we pray for your safety ..
russia with a solid start . this is giving me the expedation of a good tournament .
loving the euro's so far been some cracking games . hoping england can get off to a flyer against france
686 people killed after strong earthquake , says nepal government ; may their souls r .i.p#nepalearthquake
our thoughts are with all the people and animals affected by the in nepal
news !: automakers donate to charities , offer customers support in storm's wake : superstorm sandy
automakers donate to charities , offer customers support in storm's wake : superstorm sandy has tr
if the bullet in his arm went in the back of his arm and out the front , we have a problem
why does wear glasses with no lens ? trying to look smart ? your not , ur a douche cop
imagine if hurricane sandy , was the beginning of the end of the world .
imagine we got side affects from hurricane sandy
hey you should definitely check out on sxsw because they're awesome & i think you'd (cont)
just pulled in to a pre-sxsw here in austin . this should be the last paid for beers in a while
please , sandy can you go till friday , i have a test and i wanna miss it :p
even if isn't caused by change , this is what it will look like . let's eject science deniers and get st
nepal earthquake : unicef warns nearly one million children affected
aftershocks : cannnot diffeentiate between hallucination and the real one .
happy st . patrick's day see you at 1 :05pm!
happy st patrick's day everyone . especially everyone involved in
any videographers want to shoot a super dope video during sxsw ?
i take it that you don't like sxsw ??? lol
france closes its borders , responding to paris terror attacks as the death toll rises .
sending all the prayers to paris . this is so tragic . i want to cry . this is not right .
148 people are feared dead when an an airbus a320 plane operated by germanwings crashed tuesday in france near digne les bains .
germanwings plane crashes in south france : president hollande says no survivors are expected via
makes me laugh when people say their moving countries if romney wins ..nigga u in fontana for a reason u ain't leaving unless u got money ! ha
anybody got some boxes they not using im packing my shit up and moving to canada cause romney gone win .. everybody start packing ya shit up
amazing content from crews in the field , updated as more comes in :
nepal death toll reportedly above 3,700 - as officials worry about access to remote areas :
this is the only type of interaction refugee kids should have with law enforcement
their march should've been enough of a reasonfrom 9 /12, another march scheduled for 10 /3
french media now reporting that up to 60 dead following the horrific attacks in paris .
so sad to hear about what happened in paris :( enjoy the day , no one is guaranteed tomorrow .
id really like to see poland run over greece
you would have thought with this being ukraine poland they would have some monkey chants in the opening ceremony .
search intensifies for gunman who killed 6 : neighbors : woman feared ex-husband before rampag
: search intensifies for gunman who killed 6 : neighbors : woman feared ex-husband b via
happy st patrick day ..bitches
happy st . patrick's day , steak-eze fans !
happy st patrick's day ! could you follow me ? :)
morning dm ! happy st . patrick's day !
st . patrick's day 4 leaf clover rice crispy treats !
happy saint patrick's day ! (bus at shamrock inn , fort myers beach , florida )
happy st . patrick's day from sdi !
great pose joe ! happy st . patrick's day to you as well !
5 scrubs to usher in st . patricks day . what are your thoughts on green scrubs ?
just realizing tomorrow is st patrick's day ..
las vegas aid workers head to nepal quake zone
hospital management : nepal needs our help
basuniloy : iyerport : and nepal at the bfc merchandise stall today !
tweeter_isl : samyukthh : and nepal at the bfc merchandise stall today !
oh look scotland didn't get independence . and here was me saying it would go that way
keep sending me your thoughts on the result
sorry , what did you say ? i was thinking about obama again .
so glad obama was re-elected ! yay !
59 people in lagos came in contact with late liberian ebola victim via
59 people in lagos came in contact with late liberian ebola victim - bella naija
reinforced cockpit door description and procedure : via
well , that's why i asked . the first black box data came back with some weirdness .
im at saunders he pissed me off we should chill before the hurricane
currently getting paid to eat cupcakes and bread .
what a good st . patricks days ..
st . patricks day treated me well . got lucky today .
our thoughts go out to our friends in boston ~marc
thinking of our friends in boston today .
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragedy at the boston marathon today
my prayers go out to all who have been hurt by the events at the boston marathon
red tape delays nepal quake aid | reports on for |
great photo . shot by her . not during nepal quake
happy st . patrick's day !!!!we have our shamrock cash promo today !!!sun - wed | 12 pm - 9 pm saturday | 12 pm -
a very happy st patrick's day to you allslainte !
st .patrick's day in my school in poland ! :)
happy st . patrick's day ! yes . that is homemade shepherds pie !
a new indiegogo project : sun apr 26 '15 announcement from nepal earthquake disaster relief
nepal earthquake : google and facebook want to help you find victims of the disaster via
euro , hurricane sandy and boj #2: euro , hurricane sandy and boj #2 action forex - 3 hours ago euro , hurricane sa
capturing the old orchard pier before hurricane sandy gets really bad .
gundersen : 26 plants in area where hurricane sandy likely to hit
could be a long , expensive couple of days for the east coast
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/yxyr8ucc2y
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/dkj5dlu4gf
following breaking news of a soldier shot at the war memorial on parliament hill
breaking news : canadian soldier has been shot at the war memorial in ottawa .
waaaa , my dad called ibrahimovic a rassclart arghh how old are you mate ..
ukraine's goalkeeper looks like dougie ford
also happy st . patricks day or whatever .
have a golden st . patrick's day !
: fbi is investigating boston bombings as an act of terror .
potus : fbi investigation boston bombings as act of terror , but investigators don't know who did it .
thinking of nepal - hoping that all staff and students are accounted for
all love and light for nepal brothers and sisters .
the hotel has kindly posted fema hints in the lift for handling a hurricane
1 . high wind warning for carroll county . winds could gust to 50 mph mon-mon nite-tuesday with
typhoon ruby (hagupit) landed in samar .several areas in the philippines specially in eastern samar
[alert] typhoon hagupit crashes into the philippines : govt [afp]
i'm devastated to hear about the victims in sydney . my thoughts are with the families and the other innocent people who were held hostage
it's pretty clear had nothing to do with was just an isolated case of an unstable violent criminal causing harm .
green tights for st .patrick's day , nobody can pinch me !
happy st . patrick's day ! we love this list of gluten-free beers from
tragic : one of the two pilots of flight was locked out of cockpit via
: one pilot was 'locked out of the cockpit before alps crash
nepal earthquake : fixing fractures with cardboard : nepal is struggling to handle the steady stream of injured
nepal earthquake : fixing fractures with cardboard : nepal is struggling to handle the steady strea
lepre-khan !!!!!!!! happy st . patrick's day !
sheamus happy st patrick's day
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola outbr
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola outbreak in sierr
happy st . patrick's day ! where are our irish airgers at ?!
wtf is this st . patrick's day aw aboot ?
benzino is going down to but i'm stuck in this office .
if anyone but a cop shot and killed someone , regardless of circumstance , they would be arrested and held until proven innocent .
our thoughts and prayers go out to all in the boston area and from around the world who were affected by
he was fine . thanks . please help prayer for our brothers and sisters in boston .
you're talking about hurricane , right ?
did hurricane sandy ravage your roof ? general contractor tom silva shows you how to reshingle it in
wicked speech by obama ! the best is yet to come !
on my breaky show today there's featured music from owl city , find out about the open door project in longton , obama wins , more !
instead of the community of putting there money together and hiring the best attorney on earth to sue the city and fpd they riot
all of america needs to know what's happening in stop the
factors that made the nepal earthquake such a devastating event
factors that made the nepal earthquake such a devastating event : at 7.8 on the richter scale , this was a power
match day 1 was some what good today
well you'd give him a run for his money ;) hehe !!! yeah course ya should . top fan
couple caught in nepal earthquake describe running for their lives from deadly everest avalanche
calling quality is very poor !! balance got deducted without talking . plz check !! thank you for your effort !!
[daily star ]: superstorm threatens us east coast : hurricane sandy is heading north from the caribbean - where it
superstorm threatens us east coast : hurricane sandy is heading north from the c
video : long island prepares for sandy
be safe my east coast tweeps
thoughts w /our great friends after shooting outside parliament today .
a terrible day in ottawa . our thoughts and prayers are with those that work at parliament hill .
hope you made it through sandy ok .
blog post : sandy is blowing the pants off of manhattan
public relations officer confirms to me that was tear gas , not smoke bombs as some had suggested
racism in america . once upon a time nowsame faces , different gear .
does any british person actually want romney to become president because i'm seeing a lot of love for obama which i 100 % agree with !
don't plan on voting . but i may . will voting for obama over romney make it less likely that will drop a nuke on ?
i was too busy with my fandom till i have no idea what is happening to the world except romney and obama and hurricane
sandy may have ruined my six flags plansbut she won't stop me from going to the dolphins /jets game :d
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at masamba !
happy st patrick's day xd
this sexy motherfucker is david villa , barcelona and spain stricker get ready
if roy can produce a dvd montage involving tonight's jubilee performance he may inspire the team to go a long way .
brussels travel advice : flights suspended , metro closed
they do not complain of heresy , but increase faith ; they do not complain of ignorance , but increase wisdom . r'kook
every st patricks day im half irish
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! away from sweet home )
sandy over now so what's ur excuse ?
for those who asked ,hurricane sandy did not do much damage in my area but without power now until possibly fridayoh well ..
just waiting for the results of count number 13 here in
the results of count number 13 here in has been elected
damn . unbelievable what's going on in paris right now .
tunisian arabic in 24 lessons : paris terror attacks : moment of bomb explosion at
happy st patricks day weekend from atlanta parade !
anyone know when the st . patrick's day parade is or if dubuque is even having one ?
great save by hart from the corner
joe hart , world class keeper
assemblyman weisenberg : red cross hot meals at christopher morley park , town of north hempstead ;
i heard people in ny battling for gas damn ain't cool man .
samsung unveils its 'exciting special announcement ' for sxsw and it's angry birds space : we've
samsung unveils its 'exciting special announcement ' for sxsw and it's angry birds space : we've been hearing a few
popes mass : charlie hebdo attack shows all the cruelty human beings are capable of ! pope francis asked
why ? is holder planning on defending these islamic terrorists as he did prior to becoming ag ? is that rude ?
patriot-news deliveries affected by sandy : if you do not receive delivery today , the newspaper digital edition w
this bitch is still out there going hard blowing everything in her way ! damn girl lay down !
it's my day ! because it is st . patricks day !
i believe today is st patrick's day ?
thinking about you tonight patrick .. they named a national holliday after you love rick
i forgot it was st patricks day for like 95 % of the day
i can't help but feel like a lot of this boston stuff is made up idk
on another note . what happened today in boston was horrible .
portugal and netherlands ! bounce back games
netherlands vs germany should be one hell of a game tonight
a few facts about st . thx
i'm wearing green and i didn't even know it was st . patricks day lol
happy st . patrick's day from apache nitrogen products , inc .! get out and enjoy this beautiful day , and stay safe !
happy st . patrick's day - night angel is released today ! via
rescue efforts delay recovery process in nepal : rescue efforts necessitated by the
: rescue efforts delay recovery process in nepal : rescue efforts necessitated by the second ear
happy st .patrick 's day everyone !!!i got this from a teacher today :-)
all day session for st patricks day
slante ! to all my friends this st patrick's day !!
ideas for st . patrick's day on pinterest
photo gallery // day 3 part 3 ft . el-p and the blue moon (15.03.12)
2012 sxsw transcript w / matt cutts , duane forrester , danny sullivan thanks
colonel yarom laredo on the israeli humanitarian mission to nepal
: please donate today so our volunteers can continue to make a difference during this difficult time
i didn't wear green because it was st .patricks day wtf lol
today's actually st patricks day if anyone was wondering
oh , what a sweetie ! happy st . patrick's day !!
happy saint patrick's , darling . i'm afraid i forgot to wear green .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xtelyosxub
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hiniqrwn8h
if police are in for the riots them why are they goin for the protesters and not the people looting
i mean when the heck was the last time anyone saw people intent on looting standing still in one place ?
st patricks day is the exception mofo
whassup how are u doing sexy ? what u do for st patrick day
great time at the st . patrick's day parade with and
my highschool is marching in the st .patricks day parade in ireland
this paris attack is going to worsen the situation for syrian refugees
as if there is anything light to be said today while paris weeps .
large east coast advisor leveraging the benefits of emoney during hurricane sandy . great story !
after : pls remember to check in on older /elderly neighbors . make a store run for them . help them clean up home /yard.
well my bro , obama is gonna help me .
not , thats what obama said he was going to do in 2008
flurry of results coming in next 30 minutes kids , stay with us . inverclyde imminent , dumfries in next 15 minutes .
don't worry , ireland got about 6 tries at the nice treaty before we got the right answer
so no one wants to go sxsw and stay near austin fo free
spw are about to take the stage here at sxsw !
goldie taylor reporting that all this started tonight with a peaceful gathering party at quiktrip
i think knows that the police are saying shots fired just to proceed to tear gas everyone there including kiss
she call me hurricane dee dee .#only tete
hope all you guys in the path of hurricane sandy stay safe and dry !
one more thing lol these inappropriate tweets about obama and the first lady are unnecessary . he's your president like get real .
when i say romney is a cholo i mean like straight up salvadorian cholo .
artsbeat : 'beware of mr . baker ' and 'gimme the loot ' win grand jury prizes at sxsw
new york times : artsbeat : 'beware of mr . baker ' and 'gimme the loot ' win grand jury prizes at sxsw
to all my friends out there , happy sith /st patrick's day .
happy st patrick day spartans !! have a beer in my honor
get in greece , that is one big fuck up
that is it ..greece got a goalhopefully they will start to play like they should
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at tce !
personally think st patricks day is overrated
which words get big gestures from obama romney ?
so nervous for this election . if romney wins , i'm definitely leaving the country . lol
st . patrick's day trash fyi
happy st . patrick's day from a couple of (1/8)irish sisters !
today was not the day to wear my hair curly . it's so windy because of that hurricane .
i might need a hurricane buddy
: the latest : paris suspect to appear in court in brussels : the latest on the suicide via
the latest : paris suspect to appear in court in brussels : the latest on the via
ready to go barack my vote !
let's go barack them votes today
spain and italy , great game !less than an hour to go now . ! can't wait !
so far : surprised that denmark beat holland , enjoyed spain v italy .
if classes are canceled tomorrow we are sleeping and day drinking .
so the hurricane not coming til tomorrow
thank you stl county da for choosing the slower way , so there'senough time before g .j. indict . for stl city to burn down .
im not anti-cop , because someone has to do that job . but fucking keep . them . in . check . jesus christ
everyone wants to be irish on st . patrick's day
you're probably going to call in tuesday morning because our st . patrick's day party is going to be that good .
this isn't fucking n .i. you should all be ashamed of yourselves .
and that's ignoring the fact that when cameron says england he means the south east
20 yard gain . at last pats moving
brady is starting to find his range . i'm a bit more worried than i was i must admit
right now is a great time to pickup a badge
you know it's a scientific fact that listening to country music makes it rain right ?
security blog : hurricane email phishing scams ; protect your data and donations : via
donating to hurricane sandy relief auto center )
if romney wins ima be a craiglist robber lmaooo
then when obama win , i'll unfollow his high yellow /dingy orange face ass
happy st patrick's day to all my family and friends in ireland
happy st patrick's day everyone to be irish :)
paris attacks : hbo staffer on the hours before u2 concert was set to start : imagine getting into a [billboard]
paris attacks : hbo staffer on the hours before u2 concert was set to start : imagine get | billboard
is now gone so time to go to the gym
photos of aftermath via govandrewcuomo flikr
multiple terror attacks in paris and obama and the left are worried about climate change and giving mcdonald workers $15/hour.. what a joke
very sorry to see what's going on in paris right nowi have been there before . prayers for all
political football : obama , romney talk sports monday night : president obama and mitt romney are running fo
dont be an idiot . vote obama tomorrow !
new poll shows obama likely to lead until after 5 pm when republicans can get out and vote after a good days work
and you still want to vote for obama that's un american
cool , i'm in philadelphia waiting for a hurricane to hit . the real kind , not the darude kind :
fire rescue tv's camera crews will be covering hurricane sandy's impact in the hampton roads area
really hoping everyone stays safe in paris and i am hoping my friends who live there are okay .
paris right now . this makes me proud that they are uniting not backing down . much love
whoa there i almost saw madonnas vajayjay
you could have pulled random people off the street , told them to come up with a madonna show and come up with something like this
sorry i am not experiencing the hurricane with you , :(
who worries about saving pets in a hurricane ?
who's down at the st . patrick's day parade in ?
happy st . patrick's day , and may the force be with you !
i not with what happened in paris , i think that is very bad work , but this is what brought it france to it selves .
we all think bono is secretly miffed u2 's show wasn't isis's target , right ? (1/2)
: watch : victims ' families arrive at germanwings crash site , tornado destruction acro via
(( te amo )) watch : victims ' families arrive at germanwings crash site , tornado destruction across the midwest , iraqi forces attack
sandy is a hybrid storm . from a hurricane to a snow storm . that is crazy ! i hope everyone is safe in the northeast .
instacane follows hurricane sandy through the eyes of instagram via
. homepage . theyre one of the winners tonight .
where did you get your coverage tonight ??
u .s. stock futures , euro skid after paris attacks : tokyo (reuters) - u .s. stock futures were sharply lower and
aye man it's fucked up what's happening in paris
thinking of all of you in path with love - look out for each other stay as safe as you can !
look like a ghost town . no lights no where . sandy got us n da dark
my sis , has brilliant insight about our home town ::
hi , kila . did you travel with a group from indy to ?
charlie hebdo : the french don't have a sense of humour
, those responsible should be allowed to live with what they've done , death is too good them
i been up waiting for the hurricane like christmas
shirtless sledding in the midst of hurricane sandy
the ox starts tonight for england . good sign were going for it !
england shirts from 3 d pub-signs , neo-gothic italian shirts , french military kit made from plastic bottles
i'm okay with working on st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from me and my coworkers
yeah , i would have liked to see obama lose , but i choose to view the bong as half full rather than half empty .
is she really bout to talk about mitt romney all day ?? the nigga lost beloved . that's like talking about the silver med
but people have been doing that way before sandy :p lol
prayers for all of us effected by hurricane sandy . this is truly the worst i've seen ! i'm blessed to have power , water and heat . prayers .
belgium seeks more information on 'man in the hat ': by barbara lewis brussels (reuters) - belgian police issue
| brussels terror attack death toll climbs to 35, says belgian health minister | namuhstradamus
croatia now lead by 2 -1 against ireland . . what team are you on ? i'm . lol
half time now croatia 2 -1 ireland
i have many colleagues in paris .. thank you
horrendous what's happening , prayers to everyone in paris
obama ..i love you k ,k
everyone better vote for obama or no more food stamps (said that on tv )
happy st patrick day irish little man x
just a bit of fun to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day .
happy st-patricks day from decades of development :)
happy st . patrick's day ! here's scarborough fair by more at :
bbc | west africa flight ban over ebola : a major west african airline halts flights to liberia and
west africa flight ban over ebola : a major west african airline halts flights to liberia and sie
so much polish pride in the crowd .
3000 words in for thursday and all i've done today is 500 poxy words . i blame
breaking : ap : u .s. official says at least two americans killed in brussels attack ; secretary of state kerry grieves for victims .
us official says at least two americans killed in brussels blasts , kerry grieves for victims : us official says at least two americans
the breaking news team is tracking sandy around the clock . follow for the very latest ale
: the breaking news team is tracking sandy around the clock . follow for the very latest
voting machine in taken out of use following malfunction accusations . video :
if you voted for romney , your an enemy to the u .s.
yeah well if he can bring the hurricane in he's a better man than them anyways .
obama and christie become hurricane-forged friends while biden watches in the background , scowling with jealousy
it's st . patrick's day ! will spend the next half hour celebrating the irish on .
i like the green logo for st . patricks day
slideshow : the world reacts to terror attacks in brussels
the game must go on for laurent koscielny after brussels terror attacks : arsenal's laurent kosc
st patricks day and polo is gonna be there
st . patrick's day cupcake cookies
uk-bbc : us storm sandy toll close to 100
storm sandy : us death toll close to 100 - bbc news
philippine capital braces for storm , as hagupit leaves 21 dead - kollman catholic digest -
philippine capital braces for storm , as hagupit leaves 21 dead - thomson reuters foundation
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises link
bbc health news : crisis meeting as ebola toll rises
feeling lucky ? stop in and grab some four-leaf clover cupcakes . wear green now through st . patrick's day and get 2 for the price of 1 !
thanks to this lovely little cookbook my st .patrick's day feast will be lovely .
i was due on st . patrick's day . mom and dad were real clever with that name choice
i am half irish (not the lower half ) and i have no st . patrick's day plans . i am an embarrassment to my heritage .
interesting to see reaction to largely divided across party lines . and the gop wonders why they can't get the minority vote .
media is now moving out of the area where they have been all evening
beacon lounge - for non-profits . soft lights & live country music . thank - connect - learn - give back
with our platform , we'll soon work with 3 rd party developers to create the apps the community needs .
football banter is absoletly hilarious especally with the english and the african freshies lool
the best news from so far is that the ukrainian authorities refused entry to the english brass band . bliss
i assumed obama winning was priced into the market . guess not .
all they doin is sitting here talking about obama
all you getting ready to see is the football game down your tl !!#superbowl
will brady finally enter into the 4 ring club or eli get his second and a shot to be a hof ?
obama in the same class right behind malcolm x and dr king god bless
needs to cut it out he knows he voted for obama
do you wanna know why i'm not going out and celebrating st patricks day ? i'm not fucking irish .
happy st patrick's day wish i were irish
why you wanna sit with romney ?
i woulda roasted romney bitch ass . fucking liar . but i'm childish .
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/trguw5yplf
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/x9quoltw7e
clouds from extend from bermuda to detroit , and from north carolina to the arctic circle . this is huge
sandy , can't u c i'm in misey ? please don't start , or leave me in the dark knock down all my trees ..oh please , please don't stay , oh sandy
happy st . patrick's day from dr . lippitt !
can i get a dm ? (: and happy st . patrick's day (:
yo ud is serious about this hurricane hitting us hard !! no school !!
its one of those days lol . waiting for the hurricane
one hour later . sandy is a bitch .
you should be taken to a back alley and shot
wd love to see ireland sitting pretty above spain , italy but not enough that i wd go to work on 1 hr sleep to witness it
spain start their campaign with a draw against italy ,still way to go champs ,you can do it !
happy st . patrick's day from the irish man himself !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! be safe out there tonight .
now that i've been to target and am currently at whole foods before the hurricane , i fully support wiping away humanity .
the hurricane today got me bitcccheen
not in the st patricks day spirit at all
if it's st . patrick's day why the hell do we have school ?
frankenstorm is looking spooky in this early morning view as hurricane sandy intensifies ! [photo] via
watch views of hurricane sandy from the international space station at 12 :04 p .m. et 1 :41 p .m. et for 10 minutes
happy st patricks day from !!! everywhere for
all i want for st . patricks day is its gonna be sick
police respond to right-wing protest in brussels news
riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels
thinking of all those in paris rip
what happened in paris is a tragedy . until we address the underlying issue , these things will continue to happen .
cnn money : gas shortage continues in areas hit by sandy
gas shortage continues in areas hit by sandy
scotland remains british . good morning !
and now , a message from to the people of scotland :
big game next : shevchenko vs ibrahimovic . 2 huge influential strikers . reckon it'll be 0 -0.
draw 1 -1 in opening match of with france .we did well against 12 men . who was the french ref ?
why do comps contrive this anguish ? mt ack . stuck on hold wi may miss
just saw the farm to table truck - wishing for a spots / party
at least 40 people on the east coast have died due to . here are a few of their stories . -- the new york times
campaign heading to final stretch after sandy : with less than a week to go before election day , president obama
co-pilot did deliberately crash plane into mountain , french prosecutor reveals
: germanwings co-pilot appears to have crashed plane in french alps intentionally , prosecutor says
st patricks day saturday was a success !
fuck st patricks day i'm dying
ebola outbreak in west africa now the largest on record *not news
ebola outbreak in west africa now the largest on record
weathermen who took public into eye of hurricane sandy honored
weathermen who took public into eye of hurricane sandy honored nyse
update : one of the casualties was in fact an eight year old boy
spent my early 20 's in boston .my 1 st real taste of freedom responsibility .it will always have a piece of my heart . praying 4 ppl of boston
this paris thing is making some folks extraordinarily stupid .
rt explosive used in paris attacks described as 'very unstable ,' easy to make - globalnews .ca
find out more information about hurricane sandy's impact here :
covered people all weekend plus monday and tuesday during a hurricane when i was off .. they better praise me ..
results won't be up until 2 am apparently . i'll be keeping my fingers crossed !
a results programme without any results whatsoever for many hours . not sure the concept works . back to sleep .
baptist world alliance appeals for aid for
deepest condolence for all victims who died on earthquake in nepal . hope they are in heaven now
right now obama , biden and messina are drinking around a table like the crew of the orca .
who's tracking solely on 2 nd screen ? we've got on the digital media beat
sx day two .alamo s lamar is crazy packed
cnn broadcasting live as i eat my nachos grill (max's wine dive ) w / 28 others )
i never wore green on st patricks day
who tryna come to our st patricks day turnuppp ..
why have st patricks day on a monday ?
i didn't even know it was st .patrick's day on saturday o .o
apparently russia isn't playing around .
what a goal from pavlyuchenko ! russia 4 -1 czech rep .
: prosecutors issue warrant for new suspect in brussels attack : belgian prosecutors have issued an ar
prosecutors issue warrant for new suspect in brussels attack via
it's beautiful in socal today but thinking about those enduring the wrath of hurricane sandy .
y'all trying to throw a hurricane party n shit smh l .o.l.
earthquake in nepal ,india and on facebook yet again !
[times of india ] earthquake felt across north india ; epicentre in nepal [india]
tour days with dtr sxsw takeover , humiliating tour recap vid , and no kings snapback hats .
the audience aren't buying it - worry how it would be policed , not sure of mechanics .
ny : sandy may force an extra day of voting - wall street journal : politicony : sandy may force
ny : sandy may force an extra day of voting - wall street journal : globe and mailny : sandy may force an extra
saw several arguments bw young old . gets heated , usually rationality wins . mini arguments everywhere .
the images of young students crying but still standing strong in the face of the anti occupiers are breaking my heart . stay strong
ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : by carolyn cohn and chris
reuters - ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) - the ebol
we wish our wonderful patients a happy st . patrick's day ! remember to wear something green !
happy st . patrick's day to all ! love , penny .
according to the weather , washington dc is getting the shit kicked out of it by some little girl named sandy . also
because there's gonna be a hurricane dumbass
hurrican sandy why you so windy
oh wow ,people are actually dieing from the scumbag sandy ..hope this will stop soon :(
i started with the one about the guy that the police killed .i also been following the story about that guy in
piglet currently has more freedom than the protesters . he's in the middle of the street !
happy st . patricks day ! glad to have join us for the next few days as well !
look forward to getting to know you via your tweets and happy st . patrick's day to you !
mitt romney was probably that kid in class that reminded the teacher about the homework ..
yesss , so glad obama won ! we don't need another fake figure causing any more harm to our world like bush has !
twitter needs to have a momment of silence just pray obama win rs
does anyone on twitter even like romney ? i mean you got me , right ?
top of the morning happy saint patrick day .
happy saint patricks day lisa to u and yours
ready for st . patrick's day fun !
photo : st . patricks day nails :)))
go to hell indian media , you are useless neither in nepal nor in india .
thanks to stocks have arrived in kathmandu to help . we will be dispatching them onwards .
but yet they have donated over $250,000 to the obama fund and voted for him .
well obama got his boys back to do nothing for wv . tomblin manchin rahall
i'm not feelin hurricane sandy yet
well i mean hurricane sandy
getting ready for england vs france england !
are you ready yet guys ??? come on england england
aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia : west africa outbreak : 2 american aid workers at a l
aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia : two american aid workers have tested positive for the ebola virus
watching surreal hurricane devistation , mother nature seems to abhors sequels ; prefers the original york , jersey , orleans .
they should have named it hurricane chris .
parliament hill shooting is terrifying and sad . we can do better , canada .
why isn't able to cover the parliament shooting , and why did step in ? i prefer suhana
u .n.: ebola outbreak could become pandemic here's the answer
g + un : deadliest ebola outbreak on record could become pandemic !
today will be another unforgettable sxsw day .
for those in austin for sxsw , here is guide to the best bbq joints :
2 come on germany u need to get back on your feet
46 ' germany 0 -2 italy . immediate changes from low . reus for podolski klose for gomez . are these the right changes ?
if you voting for president obama strictly because he is black you are a foolish individual .
why anyone would vote for romney is beyond me obama is where its at
ottawa shooting classic opportunity for to ratchet up the fear :(
more terror attacks in canada , shots fired on parliament hill with terrorist possibly gunned
people are stilllll talking about the electionn .. whyyyyy !? half ya'll couldn't even vote or didn't vote so don't com
i'm so proud of everyone that went out and voted , even if you voted for someone other than obama .
do people know that today is not st patrick's day
thanks for the rt hope you had a good st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day to who i am following , to all who are following me and those who celebrate st . patrick's day
happy st patrick's day ! famous dying of the river in celebration
you already safe or hurricane can still come back ?
jason terry hairline look like hurricane sandy hit it .
lets start calling some blue states !
ma called for obama . harsh to lose your home state .
i feel no guilt . it's the hurricane holiday . maw ha ha
i *hate* *hate* hate the monkier of frankenstorm . i feel this is a very large and powerful storm that really dosent
i don't this st . patrick would mind one little bit ! :)
looking for more green inspiration for st . patrick's day ? check out our board on
don't miss these 5 things at sxsw : sxsw interactive is one of the biggest tech and start-up conferences
via don't miss these 5 things at sxsw : sxsw interactive is one of the biggest tech and start-up conference
and i wanted 2 kno if u were having a party ??
party at the yacht club 2 morrow ! all my twitfam is more than welcomed to attend .
s /o to the best hometown during the hurricane
son i really hope the doc office is closed tomorrowim not tryna work on no damnn hurricane
happy st . patrick's day from the muppets ;) photoworldmanila friends .
top of the morning to you all , and a very happy st patrick's day to you , too . hope you have a
happy st .patrick's day from my house to yours
omg wow happy st .patrick day
referee , execuse me , but what the f *** was that ?!
don't think anyone prefers itv coverage , bbc has ex footballer , so it has credibility , always had better coverage
nigeria to screen airline travelers for ebola (from
nigeria steps up ebola watch after deathof first victim : health authorities have pushed up surveillance on ebo
investigator : evidence shows pilot was locked out of cockpit
one of the pilots was locked out of the cockpit ? that puts a different light on things .
im laffing so hard there is a directioner on my timeline shes supporting romney peasant
yes romney had an o .k. campaign but he is still the reason he lost . he was always a weak candidate who did not attack obama like on benghazi
happy st . patrick's day . and remember , if you're lucky enough to be irish you're lucky enough !
st patrick must have been a heavy drinker
respect to u mr barack obama
get yo'self that barack o bama
it was just upgraded again . the line is 73 mph , and is right around it .
i'm actually excited for hurricane sandy i like storms . my internet just better not go out
happy st . patricks day from dominos !
happy st patricks dayi love you
rise and shine ! time for to take over !
up since 3.30 ! time to soon register and consume data & knowledge like there is no tomorrow from the sessions at
st . patrick's day in numbers : via
st patrick's day in new york would be banging
for all my concerned overseas friends : all over now , with 2 hostages plus shooter confirmed dead in . very sad .
many sympathies to those effected . deepest condolences to the families who lost someone . extremism is abhorrent .
ebola first for urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about their efforts to prevent the
ink my whole body cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about their efforts to prevent the spread of ebola .
oh sandy why ? why ? why ? ( grease ):
looks like there is atleast a 75 % chance the dmv will be impacted by hurricane sandy on monday ! get prepared !!
happy snowy st . patrick's day , philadelphia !
happy st patrick's day to all . had your guinness yet ?
hell off it's not st patricks day until monday .
st patricks day is going to be fabulous this year !
happy st . patrick's day o'migos !
wonder if has seen this . mt happy st patrick stewart day !
what was ofc . wilson's middle name ? place of residence ? siblings ' parents ' names and parents dob ?
the funeral . temple missionary baptist church
til when paris fell to the nazis in 1940, french soldiers cut the elevator cables to the eiffel tower . this meant that if hitler want
good morning . lets pray for paris ..
devastation and suffering on staten island (death toll has risen since this report )
i heard it was in dubai too . looks good to me ;)
obama won . omg , thank god romney didn't win . so relieved that obama won . :'d
looks like social reform obama won , kinda upset that fiscal obama lost
moving but why couldn't they also display the lebanese flag yesterday ?!
i thought that was magluf ? paris may be missing out on a marketing opportunity . does it need permission to use the quote ?
howdee all , this is as bad as it got for us .. piece of cake t
howdee all , this is as bad as it got for us .. piece of cake thank
st patricks day in wales . was a success next year dublin .
thanks for the rt taniahave a happy st . patrick's night !
: hurricane sandy has the region bracing for the worst - philadelphia inquirer : globe and mai
news hurricane sandy has the region bracing for the worst - philadelphia inquirer : globe and mailhurricane sandy
well its st .patrick's day and i could give a lesser shit
im not sure how i feel about st . patricks day being on a monday .
your upland social rep was down at all last week ! i'm back ! let the tweeting games begin again ! whoohoo !
four lessons learned playing sxsw
our thoughts and our prayers are with everyone affected in the boston area . stay safe .
thoughts and prayers to everyone in boston . so terrible . stay safe , everyone .
cnu is evacuating due to hurricane sandy . heading home to hampton , closer to the storm , sounds smart .
hurricane sandy is approaching the usa lawd have mercy .
bbc world news fuel shortage hits sandy recovery anger rises as fuel shortages and difficulties in restoring power ham
fuel shortage hits sandy recovery : anger rises as fuel shortages and difficulties in restoring power hamper effo
i may have retweeted the funny sandy jokes yesterday , but that doesn't mean i don't care . i wish i could drive out that way and help out !
why cant life be fair and hurricane sandy kick my schools ass
woo ! $30 scratcher , happy st . patrick's day to me !!
my wife = awesome ! happy st . patricks day !
may god give those innocent beings all the strength to stand up again and lead a normal life ..
don't ask the millions of muslims worldwide if we're being mistreated and stigmatised since what happened in paris , because , yes , we are !!
looking forward to meeting great people and learning a lot today at sxsw ! too bad i can't attend 4 sessions simultaneously
austinites embrace peer-to-peer // aka : we've live in austin , baby !!
ah , flew out on sunday morning , pre-sandy . nimble ! suz is stuck in berlin , no ?
btw even you've got sandy , here are some candy happy halloween :) looking forward to see you tonight !
happy st . patrick's day well at least the bottle is green .
happy st . patrick's day irish m8s
st . patrick's day tomorrow = no school .
i'm irish and celebrate st patricks day but to me it's not really a holiday . i don't know why haha
couple of nice passes , milner , young and welbeck could link up nicely this evening .
damn england is going to get that whooping by ribery and benzema .
happy st . patrick's day from the navitas team !
happy st . patrick's day ! here's a little on .
eyewitness videos of paris shooting terror attack at charlie hebdo | what has happened to mankind ?
crowds gather at emotional charlie hebdo vigils around the
if you are having problems handling network traffic due to -- let us know and we will try to help out here .
natures fury . approaching .. clearing the us coastlines
seminole county hurricane statement issued october 26 at 8 :31am edt until further notice by nws
osceola county : hurricane statement issued october 26 at 8 :31am edt until further notice by nws
holy fuck . some scrotesack is genuinely using brussels terror attacks as an excuse to attack bike lanes . utter cunt .
nato headquarters is in brussels . why didn't they know an attack was about to happen ?
smh i still can't believe what happened in boston .
my thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by the senseless tragedy today in boston ~
it aint even raining nomore stop talkinn bought that fuckinn hurricane
superstorm sandy flooding new york streets [pics] pls retweet
fuck yall i hope sandy blow all yall motherfuckers away :)
my room looks like it was hit by sandy
i hate st . patricks day uh
how are you spending st . patricks day ?
too cute not to share happy st . patrick's day everyone !
happy st . patrick's day to my idols and
'mastermind' of paris attacks died in police raid , prosecutor confirms : the body of the suspected mastermind o
jiwa mines 'mastermind' of paris attacks died in police raid , prosecutor confirms : the body of the suspected m
wow i didn't even realise it was st patricks day ! one year i swear i'm gonna go to a pub in ireland and get smashed
60 % off plush toys plus many more discount today only ! happy st .patrick's day !
wow . lady gaga has really let herself go .
coolest . effing . half-time show . ever . damn , madonna is still a badass .
the canadian soldier shot at the war memorial in ottawa has died , according to two members of parliament .
no words . rt canadian soldier shot wednesday at national war memorial has died , multiple sources say .
ireland are going to get thrashed tonight by spain :d
praying for an ireland win /draw against spain .
this is insane . 45 k + watched on live feed as was taken over with cops threatening to shoot ppl .
watch : live stream from right now
hey niall what are u going t do for st . patrick's day ?
i'm delighted for st . patrick the locals and all ye rugby nutters on herenow can we go back to talk about cheryl cole's hair
i'm hoping for long lines when i go to vote - that means people are doing their job !
i'm proud to cast my vote for debbie
kudos to healthcare workers who weathered a storm of their own maintaining quality care during
yeah !! wait on where you live ? oh pls don't tell me that sandy is making you cry ? imissyou and idon'twannaseeyou on troubles !
highlights the food , water energy nexus as it affects millions of our daily lives :
sandy , couldn't you have taken the pepsi machine ?
welcome back everyone ! and happy (snowy) st . patrick's day ! the university will open at noon today .
happy st . patrick's day ! are you wearing green ? i am . :-)
i'm neither a spanish nor an italian all i want to see is good football final
great end-to-end stuff at the moment . this is how a final should be !
heh ! nasri only joined france for the money !
duo man .city brilliant ht : perancis 1 -1 inggris . komentar anda ?
three explosions and shooting (s) in paris
multiple shootings across paris . at least 3 venues .
remembers the constant worry of being returned to somalia as a young unaccompanied minor
social impacts have hindered eu ability to welcome
belgium home of the self declared capital of the eu . home of terrorism in europe .
some humour you will like . what has the eu ever done for us ? -
i pray my fam is okay through this hurricane
dear hurricane sandy just wash my car and make it sparkle . no twigs , trees , light poles , or hail .
good morning everyone . we just would like to wish everyone a happy st patrick's day :))
a little late , but 'top of the morning ' for st patrick's day !
new development : pentagon supplied st . louis county police with military-grade weapons .
$42.99 is what his life was worth tell me , was that before or after taxes ?
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/3rxuhj5w
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/3vnanpes
what's going on ? i know a guard got shot by a guy in ottawa why are we worried about the bridge ?
my thoughts are with all my former colleagues and friends on parliament hill .
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at the arboretum !
only way to start this morning , happy st . patrick's day !!
hahaha he is a i'll give him that tweet twoo ;)
did you think of new godaddy tv ad ? watch it and read analysis from media decoder on our live dashboard :
cyclone /hurricane sandy : october 31, 2012 gartner blog post summary - gartner blog network
will bbc news cover the effects of hurricane sandy outside of the us ?
celebrating my grandfather ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! family downtown w /
sky news is perfection right now .
plan : watching results until 11 and then going to bed . reality : guzzling mountain dew and obsessively watching msnbc .
germanwings co-pilot treated for 'suicidal tendency ': the co-pilot of germ
germanwings co-pilot treated for 'suicidal tendency ': the co-pilot of germanwings flight 952 via
i'm so happy obama won ! it's a good day today .
lol oomf roomate bout to go kill himself obama won
and may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead . happy st . patrick's day from 5 paddles .
is it just me or is st . patrick's day actually spread out over three days because of time difference and all the drinks ?
who wants to be my buddy through out this hurricane or what ever it is ???
if you hope hurricane sandy fucks up your school !
ebola outbreak not hurting investment in - foreign minister
ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) - the ebo
because of hurr . sandy , dwts was not shown last night , hence we could not vote . there should not be an elimination tonite
my son just rapped to me that he blows trees like hurricane sandy .
tonight we partying like rock stars cali friends toinght baby !! junto a
or boys who want to get beat up all girls born in early july 2013 in the northeast must be named sandy
mashtomlinson : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
rhooows _ : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
white people really get crazy on st .patricks day
when irish eyes are smiling , they're usually up to something
tomorrow is the big day lets go go we need to win
if obama wins , i'll leave the country . if romney wins , i'll still leave the country . this is not because of politics , i just want to travel .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/p4bqqfcmqg
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ewx3kpar1e
happy st .patricks day , wish i was over in ireland for today but still in shittty london !
happy st patricks day to all our irish followers incl
this is the way to end st . patrick's day .
happy st . patricks day , asshats !
really want to celebrate st . patricks day some how !
excited to celebrate st patricks day in birmingham tomorrow .
sending my prayers to paris for all the victims . what a terrible tragedy .
horrified by the attacks in paris . our hearts are with the victims and their loved ones .
he's just so good at this . he's talking to everyone , whether they're listening or not .
girl with flag in hair will most likely be on tomorrow morning . she'll have 50 k followers by tomorrow
reuters sandy spending hopes drive rally for recovery companies : (reuters) - hurricane sandy has c
sandy spending hopes drive rally for recovery companies - reuters
ministerial meeting on ebola virus disease outbreak -
ministerial meeting on ebola virus disease outbreak - via
st . patrick's day party tonight !!! get your fun outfits on and come celebrate with us !! party starts at 10 !! in
happy st patricks day weekend from chicago , il !
(( abc mundial )) nepal villagers demand help after 2 nd quake : nepal villagers jam small himalayan town , demanding more help after ma
((photosnews)) nepal villagers demand help after 2 nd quake : nepal villagers jam small himalayan town , demanding more help after major
is it st .patricks day or something ? i can't keep track here in .
happy feckin st . patrick's day ye filthy pig shite micks !
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at fairytale o'brownies . yes , we're all irish today . :)
happy st . patrick's day ! jibjab video .
a7 first paris terrorist identified : finger found at site of bataclan music hall massacre matched with fingerp
first paris terrorist identified : finger found at site of bataclan music hall massacre matche
doesnt look good in poland and ukraine regarding ..a lot of construction and work still required as games start tomorrow ..wth?
doing some prep for tomorrow's min-by-min . depending on starting xi , could be easiest polish team to type for a genera
very sad day with outrageous bombing of runners and spectators at boston marathon .
back to this idiot tho that said boston backwards is spelled no stop .. thas an
because they having this bug thing for st patricks day .
q : are people jealous of the ? a : sure , they're green with envy !
lets pray for the victim of boston marathon . they deserve justice ! god bless america !
can't believe what i'm hearing today
happy st . patrick's day from this irish mexican !!
happy st . patricks day to all of our guests and to all
sierre leone ebola doctor contracts virus hazard !
top ebola doctor has contracted the ebola virus
i knew a little thing like a hurricane wouldn't take you down
hurricae sandy shut down the website we were used to use in biology !
idk why everyone is celebrating st . patrick's day today ; it's clearly monday .
celebrating st . patricks day by latinflavadesigns on polyvore via
happy st . patrick's day ! it's the closest that the irish will ever get to christmas .
happy late st . patrick's day !!!! :) 3 home !
(new video )hurricane sandy blows over 3 trees starts a fire ..must see !!!!!! on
(new video )hurricane sandy blows over 3 trees starts a fire ..must see on channel
fbi director comey and dhs secretary johnson to brief house lawmakers in classified setting tomorrow afternoon on paris attacks
news around the paris attack is crazythis world is just going downhill man .
surprise i'm actually wicked irish even tho i don't look it happy st patricks day ?
happy st patricks day from all and live from the george hotel , edinburgh
chili recipes are like opinions which are like assholeseverybody has 1, mines just right and tastes better
just under 4 hours to go nervous , exited , celebratory , thankful , thoughtful .
possible cia leak to expose foreign leaders ??..
corruption world cup kicks off brace yourself , are coming !
justin bieber stoped his concert to pray for the victims of paris .he have all my respect
my prayers is all about the beautiful place with beautiful people of paris . i am thinking about you . please be safe xx
2 nd quarter nearly overit'll be half time and the giants will win this if the patriots keep playing as they are
unbelievable ! i never get this excited when playing chess .
songs of praise about to start on bbc 1 .anything must be better than this spain italy dross
this competition is between france and germany in my opinion
happy st patricks day my fellow lads
happy st patricks day , may the luck of irish enfold you today
all im worried about with this hurricane is not being able to charge up all my things if the power goes out . and that's just truth .
if sandy hits the jersey shore , i wonder if snookie , vinny , pauly d and the situation will be able to find adequate shelt
any thoughts on president obama's re-election ?
your statement is misleading . voters selected obama , who's plan included tax raises to people w /income $250+
wait a minute good morning britain !? good morning scotland will be more like it !
wow . the real split . r in deprived neighbourhoods it's y64 :36n, in affluent it's y40 :60n
i think this hurricane thing is putting me in a bad mood ..sweatshirt two days in a row
hope everyone involved in sandy stayed safe !
thank you sandy for helping me complete season 1 and 2 of walking dead !
thanks . im glad sandy didn't hurt you .
paris , i'm so sorry what you are going through at this time .
why must isis be so cruel ? pray for paris . they need our support
happy st patrick's day to you all from fuzzy irish crafts :)
happy st patrick's day !here is a flavour of the day in 1681
fashion blogger news round up : bill cunningham braves hurricane sandy for street style : get your daily dose of
fashion blogger news round up : bill cunningham braves hurricane sandy for street style : get your daily
every awesome moment you missed at sxsw [pics] - it ;s been well documented that attending every sxs
mashable : every awesome moment you missed at sxsw [pics] - it ;s been well documented that attending every sxsw
live : ties that bind england and france are strengthened , group d game finishes 1 -1#fra
a very tight game between england and france ended 1 - 1 draw .
happy st . patrick's day ! now where's my drink and my reuben
happy st . patrick's day ! no snow set to fall today but the case office is busy w / post-season work ready to begin .
why is my family outside on the porch ??? there's just a huge hurricane coming . nbd
lol , i was kidding . fck y'all niggahs a hurricane coming .
1 more hour til the first game of
one hour to the first game *flails*
my heart truly goes out to the people and families in paris . it's devastating and sickening that people have the mentality to do this .
thinking about the people in paristhinking about how cruel can people be
happy st . patrick's day everyone !! let the drinking begin . :)
ew it's st .patricks day tomorrow .
ap report : cellphone service shut down in boston to prevent remote detonations of explosives , official says :
cell service in downtown boston has been intentionally shut off to prevent remote detonation of any more explosives #s
flights to and from paris continue with some delays - miami herald
fashion parislet's start loving and healing and stop killing and hurting prayforpar -
this class is about as worthless as st . patrick's day
forgot to say .happy st . patrick's day !!!!!
can nepal's shattered economy be rebuilt ?
breaking : can nepal's economy be rebuilt ? - | search
i think this hurricane ran away from philly
if a hurricane had to hit south africa we would only know about when its right in our faces .. we don't have an evac
manuel neuer is the only keeper in this tournament better than joe hart .
varela misses portugal's best chance ! unlucky
if obama wins , demand impeachment proceedings before he takes more freedoms institutes gun internet control
nope . of the three big midwestern tossups , oh /wi/mi, mitt will win at least one , and perhaps all three .
the giants need to thank the cowboys for getting into the playoffs . no win on the last game of the season means no
rt 1 st team to win a with fewer than 10 regular-season wins since 16 -game schedule in 1978 (excl strikes )
happy st . patrick's day !! who took the day off ?
why do i have work tonight ?? who does that . its st patricks day .
happy st patrick's day from the irish contingent at premier - watch what it feels like to be irish
irish dancers at the london trafalgar square celebration for st patricks day .
my sister just blew a large hurricane sandy on my bedroom . bitch take that shit to the toilet .
finalllyy after 3 days my dads home
just arrived at the station . newsroom is buzzing as we prepare to cover on
what do you think is the most important issue during this election ?
on the early bird to warsaw . every male on the flight looks like ion tiriac . some of the women too in fact .
romeu backing chelsea team-mate torres to for at
boston on high alert after marathon bombing kills 3, injures scores - news
boston on high alert after marathon bombing kills 3, injures scores - nbcnews .comboston
hurricane sandy is there anyways and i don't have a house there anymore just saying , i wouldn't be opposed .
just found out that hurricane sandy is gonna hit the east coast and is not a superstorm o m g no internt
obama is liked by the other countries in the world
jabroni michael vick unsure the vote . want to support black man the obama but also respect the romney because he put the dog on car roof
: charlie hebdo depicts muhammad on 1 st cover since attack : defiant charlie hebdo with weeping muhamm
charlie hebdo depicts muhammad on 1 st cover since attack
pardon my french again but definitely was a close call ! had me freaking out !
lmao it humors me to see all these hating tweets on obama and retweets . get the hell over it . sheesh . stop being bitter . h
i believe in barack obama . thanks to every american who voted for him and thanks for giving the world more
never in doubt ! take a walk romney .
cause i like their name ! xlvi will win
you can tell it's an election year . can't even take a stance on which team will win the .
hurricane sandy flew around my room before you came ..
i think some of us are taking this hurricane a little too lightly .
it's prob like a billion dollars in bets on the game
best halftime show in super bowl history !!!! all hail the queen of pop !! thats how it's done !
st . patrick's day used to be the best in elementary school
oh hey happy st .patrick's day
st patricks day is all about the green
happy st . patrick's day from galway !
bert van mar wijk needs 2 change things up front , van det vaart huntelar need to come on , there is still time
you cant stop germany you can only hope to contain them mario gomez w 3 goals in 2 games killin it future champs
blaaaaaah , can we hurry up get this hurricane
hurricane sandy is about to cover the mid atlantic in mold
nepal earthquake death toll passes 3,800 as dozens of britons remain missing : latest : footage emerges of avalanche triggered by earth
people in nepal came out of houses again because of massive earth quake ..
my thoughts are with all those families that were affected by hurricane sandy . god help us all !
hurricane sandy destroy nyc please stop .
happy ! retweet if you are wearing green !
happy ! skip the green beer and have a martini caruso instead . recipe : ||
when i was a young lad made me watch these
here come the thugs on the livefeed walking towards cam location expect arrests soon
mt food handout on lower east side in manhattan . new yorkers still struggling to cope with no power
a patient's account of dealing with the aftermath of vulnerable populations are hit especially badly
bbc news : gunmen take hostages in sydney cafe : a gunman takes several people hostage at a cafe in via mediainn
gunmen take hostages in sydney cafe : a gunman takes several people hostage at a cafe in the australian city of sydney .
all of us at morgen marketing are wishing you a happy st . patrick's day
neither rain nor sleet nor snow (all of which we've had today ) shall keep me from a pub crawl on st . patrick's day .
happy and healthy st patrick's day to all .
it looks incredible ! happy st patrick's day ;)
reuters - after paris attacks , pressure builds for big military response to islamic state : washington (reuters)
after paris attacks , pressure builds for big military response to islamic state : washington (reuters) -
multiple shootings near canadian parliament in , soldier killed follow us
our hearts go out to those who were impacted by the senseless acts of violence in ottawa today
my thoughts and prayers are with everyone in nepal . x
mounts to help nepal in the rescue and relief operations post the deadly .#nepalearthquake
i liked a video from the best st . patrick's day party in worcester , ma
happy st .patrick's day ! a little birdie told me that will reward you with a free tea for wearing green .
st patrick's day wreath via
happy st patrick's day from berlin
happy st .patrick's day from my big boy
happy st patrick's day going green today ?
how security officials failed to stop brussels attack more (with photos ) at
brussels attacks : the responsibility to counter jihadism lies with muslims
debris from crashed germanwings airbus a320 are seen in the mountains |
2 americans on jet that crashed in alps , germanwings ceo
all these vines i'm seeing from are sickening . what kind of fucked up country do we live in where this can just happen ?
just a heads up : vinegar or coca cola can help combat the effects of tear gas . just saying .
cup points leader johnson , and others in nascar working to help relief efforts after sandy :
cup points leader johnson , and others in nascar working to help relief efforts after sandy : jimmie johnson knows
like this concept - sxsw and the curators debate : the curators and the curated via
moffat says rumors of benedict as master are completely made up at pbs party . i say take that with a huge grain of salt .
video : the ebola virus explained in 60 seconds
fresh : fear and rumors hinder containment of ebola outbreak
hurricane sandy churning up the atlantic . surf city pier , surf city , nc . residents from new england to new york ,
a hurricane nd its damn near november . smh krazy ass wrld
i was planning to come to nyc on monday . you think i still should ?
hurricane images : don't get fooled by a photo via
by john mccranknew york (reuters) - at 6 :30 p .m. on sunday night , with hurricane sandy bearing down on the u .s.
broken damthis hurricane sandy is serious though
with hundreds of thousands without power , safe to say dc will not make espn's top local markets for finale ratings
with hundreds of thousands without power , safe to say dc will not make espn's top local markets for finale
happy st . patricks day from carroll , iowa ! 3
happy st . patrick day to me
yourweightdefineyou : teenager is rescued from rubble five days after nepal earthquake :
ttw today's news : teenager is rescued from rubble five days after nepal earthquake
amazing interview on with a lady whose brother died at the bataclan . very moving .
paris grand mosque chairman backs military action in syria against isis - cnn
reutersbiz : why the ecb has not sought access to the :
the ecb has not sought access to the . find out why :
happy saint patrick's day to our friends / amigos !!
on my way to the st patrick's day parade !
techcrunch : att and t-mobile combine wireless coverage in sandy-affected areas
[igeeky] att and t-mobile combine wireless coverage in sandy-affected areas
whatever happens this is an example of democracy for all . proportional representation would do the same for the whole uk .
: east lothian turnout 87 %#scotland [ population : 100,000 ].
we have gold at our house ! happy ! click st . patrick's day tab on blog :)
st . patrick's day earthquake , great !
so the hurricane has officially taken all of the energy out of me .
there are about two dozen real and fake candles flickering in my room . i call it hurricane ambiance .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6x7su8ctmq
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mxpd566kpx
world leaders still coming to paris for climate talks -
around everything but paris attacks , imo
is about to do some work stay in doors lol
aamft's offices closed today due to hurricane sandy . everyone stay safe !
it seems every country in the world can see romney's idiocy apart from america itself . come on obama
wreckless ignorance of romney assertion that people don't die due to a lack of insurance
someone needs to tell patrick beverly he ain't a thug lol
patrick beverly stay hurting somebody lol
good morning monday ! and happy st .patrick's day to everybody irlandeses . .
loving today's google doodle . happy st . patrick's day !
apparently my county is really important in this election .
traveling on election day ! thanks to twitter for keeping me informed !
dr ml harty 112 votes in kilmurry mcmahon , michael mcdonagh 37, pat breen 34, timmy dooley 29, ian lynch 24 and joe carey 13
seeing as mental health is low priority , suicide intervention training in your area . click on 6 mths
marc faber : obama is a disaster , the stock market should have fallen 50 %, and you should buy your
marc faber : obama is a disaster , the stock market should have fallen 50 %, and you should buy yourself a machine
happy st . patrick's day ! learn how to make these shamrock donuts :
happy st patrick's day !!! ain't nobody put it on their timeline !! gawd
happy st patrick's day ! come visit our showroom in we have a fab spring sale till the 31 st march !!
mutley the glen of imaal terrier (from county wicklow ) says happy st patrick's day :-)
so much for italy winning .spain with 90 % possession by the end ?
that was the most beautiful goal i've ever seen !
happy st . patricks day ! (only a little late )
i didn't even know today was st . patricks day ..till now .
standing at the bus stop i felt like dorothy , i could've ended up in kansas it was so windy , sandy we get it your pissed but geez
hurricane sandy better chill the fuck out i'm suppose to be gettin my hair done this week
st patrick's day at st patrick . long live guiness :)
st . patrick's day : tarte sale - today only : for more info click on image or herevia tarte
[video] borongan , eastern samar waits for typhoon hagupit | watch : via rappler
though it has slightly weakened , maximum sustained winds can reach up to 185 kph and gustiness of up to 220 kph .
deaths rise , aid flown in after nepal quake : things to know : nepal quake death toll cl controla
(#losdelsonido) deaths rise , aid flown in after nepal quake : things to know : nepal quake death toll climbs as aid begin (#ivanberroa)
lets see how much of this actually hit the national news
listening to on msnbc news channel on my cable choked up from tear gass
are you ready for ? the has a hurricane app for your phone . check it out :
it's not to weather , it's hurricane /tropical storm sandy . we're getting the effects of it . i rather left over rain don't u ?
reporting that police were at st . marks church in at least twice in 3 days investigating /intimidating relief workers
has everyone thinking and talking graduates , let us know what you think
british gps warned to check for deadly ebola symptoms - yahoo news uk via
u . s . man hospitalised in ghana tests negative for ebola : (agi) accra , july 8 - a
happy st . patricks day , it'll just be a continuation of celebrating arsenal's win from yesterday ;-)
happy st . patrick's day ! the rainbow
wtf i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day .
i will give you a kiss but you are so far away . for st . patrick's day .
tomorrow at gracie mansion with mayor deblasio for st patrick's day !
'twas the night before st . patrick's day when we shared the (almost true ) story of how it all began !
why i suck at hurricane preparedness .
totes am . omg emz are you watching the news about this hurricane scary stuffffff xxxxx
following sexxxy happy st . patrick's day !! :-)
happy st patricks day lol here's harry w some clovers
make it a great day ! happy st . patrick's day !
from *you-know-who*, happy st patrick's day !
update : ottawa police now say they believe only one gunman was involved in wednesday's shootings
ottawa police now believe only one gunman was involved in wednesday's shootings .
same way here too . hardly any obama stickers . lots of
i'm voting obama because bruce springsteen and jay-z told me to
damn david stern is a fucking retard ! he said hurricane katrina lmao its sandy dumbass
did he say katrina instead of sandy ?
oh i forgot something happy st patrick's day ! :d
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at cci
quite a way to celebrate st patrick's day .
this st patrick's day jersey for the celtics is on point
happy st . patrick's day ! breakfast irish benny - or shamrock scramble lunch is corned beef cabbage or the shamrock burger . soup is rueben
dublin city centre . st patrick's day by claire's accessories . depressing . it has all changed , bar the boozing . that's the only irish part .
thoughts and prayers to all the victims and their families in brussels . sending love out to all first responders .
so so sorry brussels , know that are thinking of you all .
happy st patrick's day to you especially ;)
happy st .patricks day !! to many pints of guiness !
ht spain 2 vs 0 italy (silva,alba)
rip italy . spain 2 -0 italy
i was going to wear green today but the stubborn irish in me said f *** it !
i wear green on st patrick's day bc i am still emotionally scarred by all the pinching i received on st patrick's day in pre-kindergarten .
phone found outside bataclan said : 'we are starting '
hacker news - anonymous declares total war on isis following paris terror attacks
oh , netherlands .. :( congrats to the germans , but i'd still like the dutch to squeak through . i need a lifeline .
germany /holland.2 stellar football teams , greatest sport in the world
happy st . patricks day then irish ! xxx
merry st . patrick's day everybody . i'm part irish and had to be reminded that it's today . terrible .
followme - crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting i
if y'all are at watch of my lil cuzzo and his crew educated minds .
value for the user comes from automagically building identity profiles hence data miners = rock stars
get extra water , batteries , food early . if not , cali is nice this time of year
do youh wanna spend sandy alone ?
compassion to the boston community . prayers and strength for hurt and their love ones
a horrific day in boston . our prayers are with you .
when you gotta choose between two devils , what would you do ? | the americans say they'll elect either obama or romney !
romney says 'the world ' wants new leader bbc checked : // way to go romney squeaked that one out w pakistan
third suspect in brussels airport blasts identified : media : brussels (reuters) - a third man caught on c
rtrs : third suspect in brussels airport blasts identified : media
thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris .
rip those killed in the terrorist attack in paris
anima sana in corpore sano ! the 3 hostage killers near paris have just been killed by the police . let's hope it's over now .
update - 3 terrorists dead , 4 hostages dead and 1 accomplice on the run
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris .the killed gunmen came out firing at the police forces , sources tell afp .
photo : hostages being freed at jewish supermarket in paris by
thanks you :-)) happy day and great st patrick'day !! ;-))
happy st . patrick's day everyone !! xd
no matter what our political beliefs , we can break bread and agree that romney's a soulless , cracker honkylips with
it's gonna be funny when obama wins . i'll party with myself .
are you going to celebrate st . patrick's day ? xx
did you celebrate st . patrick's day in milwaukee this weekend ?
it's st .patricks day tho ! :d
thank you lydia , happy st patricks day to you too
nerd flu : how to avoid going viral at sxsw : south by southwest -- sxsw , if you will -- is a
jeff bercovici : nerd flu : how to avoid going viral at sxsw : south by southwest -- sxsw , ||
among harvard business school students , obama leads romney 65 % to 32 %. both candidates spent time in cambridge .
idc ! cux all i noe is obama betta win !
try this one : obama victory opens window for negotiation with iran [a link in my bio ]
that's great ! obama victory opens window for negotiation with iran [a link in my bio ]
cultural practices aiding ebola spread : an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is - cnni
cul practices aiding ebola spread an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is to combat cul
wow ! new story from time !: how to know if your facebook friends in paris are safe - check out more -
senseless , heartbreaking , tragic terror over france ~ heart mind with paris tonight .
germany vs . portugal today in . //t.co/0fz7negj
germany vs . portugal today in . //t.co/gdllk4tv
i'll be playing this on repeat . i love this song every day but even more on st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! here is some :
it's st patrick's day but i don't feel like partying . i just feel kinda sad .
so i skipped st patricks day foods this year . tough for me to get it together on a monday . go to a pub ! we've got risotto , chops salmon !
i don't like obama or romney so idk if im gunna vote .
i'm done arguing about obama . i'm losing followers because people disagree with me . not my problem
last week i had 8 in the sunday school class i teach . this morning only 1 . is everyone afraid of the hurricane ?
sandy journal : sunday october 26, 2012 12 :06pm - a brief splash of rain hits the windows then disappears . foreshadows of doom , rain ennui
eerie , weird photo of hurricane sandy . our thoughts go out to those affected by this horrible storm !
these unbelievable photos from sandy's destruction are actually real via
women still able to access the supported maternity hospital in with two deliveries this morning - typhoon
3 -5 days before electricity comes back . i hope it can be done sooner .
the only band i care about belmont
photo : the only band i care about (taken with instagram at the belmont )
how many of the giants are from ny ? why do they segregate teams by state ? why not just slap corp names on 'em?
a fabulous game ! congratulation to the ! time to celebrate at the abbey ..
i really don't even feel like there was a hurricane
my man said hurricane commissioner
boastful belgian militant accused of masterminding
boastful belgian militant accused of masterminding paris attacksetribune
i've seen the future and their will be riots if mitt romney wins
obama came into office faced with 8 years of bush's screw ups . you can't expect him to make everything perfect in four years .
happy st patrick's day everyone .what are your plans for the day ?
my mrs says she has a st patricks day every month and it lasts a few days
happy st . patrick's day ! we're celebrating at ! comes check out at the booth .
st patrick's day celebration at rhyc - good , green fun !
god . i love you america but what the fuck ?
police in getting ready to invade fallujah apparently . outrageous , shameful response .
the knot creates facebook page to help hurricane sandy victims salvage their weddings (all facebook )
the knot creates facebook page to help hurricane sandy victims salvage their weddings (via
hate working st patrick's day !
what an incredible day ! we collected so much food and money donations at the toronto st . patrick's day parade today ! thank you toronto !!
on 81 south . seeing lots of trucks with big generators and power company crews driving north .
those hurricane jokes are not funny ! y'all be taking everything serious as a joke . grow tf up .
korek ! i hope and pray that it will be over soon para next destination natin is paris
turkish fans chanting allahu akbar during minute silence for paristory party wants to fast track turkey into eu
coward terrorist chickened out of attack in brussels and ran away !#islamist#terrorisme
the brussels attacks felt around the world . perth residents with family links support each
better than romney ! doesn't really tackle civil liberties well . we will see .
mr . president won and all but he acting like we don't have to get up early tomorrowwell , romney don't
praying for all those suffering the effects of hurricane sandy . stay safe xoxo
if sandy rips my house apart , im goin back to my planet ..
i also now know why some of my monroe relatives eventually left for windsor ,ontario. and to edmonton ,alberta.
i don't really know much . but this stuff is ridiculous
wait st . patricks day is monday ? idiots .
grand canyon air excursions during the st . patrick's day season st . patrick's day is almost here , and it ..
hurricane sandy drenches the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean : hurricane sandy kills at least 21 people acro
hurricane sandy drenches the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean - international - world - ahram on
he-lllloooo david beckham . thanks , h &m.
rt david beckman mostly naked ? yes please .
sandy just messed me all up .
sorry i haven't been on i dot have power cause of sandy and i don't have a smartphone i'm at starbucks now so i have wifi not for long #p
merkel 'deeply shaken ' by germanwings crash in france : spokesman
what we know about the airbus crash so far
i want to go hooooooome but sandy won't let me .
fuck hurrican sandy i'm stuck at church selling ham
((noticias sin )) pope urges assistance for nepal quake victims : pope calls for assistance for nepal quake victims , rallies prayers in
(( abc mundial )) pope urges assistance for nepal quake victims : pope calls for assistance for nepal quake victims , rallies prayers i
sports today : 2012, go for sweep , at game 2 of nba finals :
can see this being a great game . 4 -3
in their sights : fresh french airstrikes hit isis as report claims us targeted paris attack 'mastermind'
in their sights : fresh french airstrikes hit isis as report claims us targeted paris attack 'ma
anyone going to the white prideer .. i mean , saint patrick's day parade ?
st patrick's day abroad irish times - irish timesparticipants get ready at the start of the st patrick's
an artist will have to mean more to more people . the greatest artist are adaptable - billy corgan
yeah , feels weird not to be stressing out the monday of sxsw . hope you guys are having fun downtown . beautiful day .
bruce springsteen , christina aguilera to perform at nbcuniversal 'hurricane sandy : coming tog
hollywood stories bruce springsteen , christina aguilera to perform at nbcuniversal 'hurricane sandy : coming toge
people talking about messi not completing his hat trick as if he's cured ebola and has rebuild nepal .
6841 dead in and thousands missing , unlikely to be found alive . bureaucracy hampering
we offer our prayers for the people of , who are victims of an out-of-control police state . lord , have mercy .
glad to see the lead story on cnn with and less than 15 minutes later they are live again in .
heartbreaking tragedy today . our thoughts are with all those affected in boston .
3 boston friends and visitors : best thing you can do is let your loved ones know you are ok by registering here
so glad obama has the throne for another 4 years he finks about tha tommoraw not jus tha present . long live tha king obama
nike !!! obama needs his own shoe now
idk why everybody talking bout this hurricane like its katrina or something
and you are gonna fly away with the hurricane
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pkg3hamdlv
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wpbxxikuqj
fun fact : i chose an afternoon in kilwinning over an afternoon at the kelpies in falkirk
slowly realising you have to be particularly humourless to be a returning officer
here we go italy vs spain ! final who's going to win it ! preeeeeet !!!
come on italy , spain win everything
it doesn't matter who wins they are both good , but if i had to choose i would go for nyg !! :d
the number of helmets coming off this seems to be an epidemic . i'm actually worried we're going to see something awful happen
r .i.p to those killed in ottawa today , my heart goes out to you 3
the terrorist who attacked the canadian parliament is identified as michael zehaf-bibeau .
i'm very excited to see what new technology cnn reveals tonight .
i really wish i had something to drink .
now on all airlines , cockpit , also : routine in us
such a great loss to many families . praying for them all . praying it doesn't happen again .
yeahhappy fucking st . patricks day .
st . patricks day bowl or nah
breaking news nepal hit by massive earthquake just don't knock down my mountain with the wifi , god , please !
prayers with all affected by nepal earthquake
what do you expect he practically tried to justify the charlie hebdo attack the other day discussing paris attack .
before you blink .. france would be having a one year remembrance for the paris attack victims .
oh happy saint patrick's . i will be doing nothing because i forgot it was today .
happy saint patrick's day i guess
happy st patricks day . today's specials .
hi niall !!! happy st . patrick's day ! i love you so much !! please follow me ?? please !!!!
my trip to new york is cancelled . stupid sandy .
hurricane sandy can fuck off , i'm flying to new york on monday !!!
everyone knows st . patrick's day is tomorrow , right ?
a prideful drum major waiting for the signal to proceed forward in the huntington st . patrick's day parade .
icymi 500,000 flee coastal villages and landslide-prone areas of philippines as super typhoon hagupit (aka ruby ) approaches
typhoon ruby bagyong hagupit : via
happy saint patrick's day from barcelona . i wish i was there
happy st patrick day to you too and everyone else ;)
happy st . patricks day from the bae
enjoying st patricks day to the fullest (at
ebola outbreak sparks states of emergency in liberia and sierra leone : schools closed and vill
: ebola outbreak sparks states of emergency in liberia and sierra leone : schools closed and villages
i don't pray but paris ily
80 % of bitches don't even know what happened in paris and the be like prayersforparis like stfu
already making jokes about paris , you're disgusting .
i just feel so much for paris right now . and anyone who has gone though this . i couldn't even begin to imagine . it just makes me upset man
from a man that couldn't stand for leadership of his party , despite being one of the favourites . still curious
dont let big government ruin your ecommerce business
happy st . patrick's day . i don't care if you wear green , but be sure to eat your greens !
let's be honest st paddy's day is just an excuse for a piss up
happy st patrick's day to everyone from all the girl's at the waterside :-)
st . patricks day gonna get with the bros tonight can't wait !!!!
remembering a princess born on st patrick's day
niggaz only drinkin kuz of st .patricks day but i be sloppy erryday
latest : typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21
typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 : typhoon hagup
deep prayers to everyone in paris and especially the families affected . the world is such a scary place
thoughts and prayers to paris and everyone involved .insane stuff . this world sucks . i actually hate being a part of it .
fucking hate st . patricks day . can we just get rid of all holidays except halloween ?
i guess it's st patricks day ?
looks like i got the very last gallon of water at star market in chestnut hill
this hurricane is really mike posner sucking us up his nose
business sales marketing : inside the sxsw accelerator (video)
biz tips : inside the sxsw accelerator (video)
happy st . patrick's day from modern design !
she hates me but happy st . patrick's day !
sandy has only caused me to stuff my face
so is hurricane sandy over yet
..can we talk about going forward and what obama admin will do next 4 years .
is too busy campaigning , while are going hungry , are cold and have no shelter !
news update : paris attacks : cities light up monuments to show solidarity
npr : paris attacks : what we know right now
green decor inspiration - happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day everyone ! for sure the best day of the year !
today is not st . patricks day bitch it's monday
happy st patrick's day ! want your man to get lucky with you ? ;)
know how to silence your alarm system beeping before the power goes out
watching the weather channel ,aparantly if you live in the n .e of the united states ,you are going to die once gets here
he's definitely one of them , russia been only team to live up to what was expected of them , might bet on them to win
whaaaaaattt !!??!!?? that was suppose to be a penalty ! wtf ??? stupid ref !
this shit is bullshit . you think mohammed gave a shit about some cartoonists ? devote your time in helping the poor asshole .
'some people are holding pens in the air ' -
gunna be a close game . lots of hype .
bowl me over ! never expected son the artist bendow would watch . must be the commercials ! here's his mural !
not again quake kills dozens in nepal days after deadly temblor included by noirnews
new quake hits nepal as races to deliver aid to those affected
thoughts and prayers out to paris :( so so sad
reports of at least 30 dead in paris shootings , possible explosions hostages follow for updates
happy st . patricks day everyone ! if you're not here drinking green beer where are you ?
happy st . patrick's day , everyone . drink a pint for me .
id i die due to hurricane sandy i would like to leave all my belongings to my son bradley t . weber
i mean like the hurricane and stuff .
happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends . god i'd love a day off
happy st patrick's day especially to all our students and staff from across the water !
my baby killed st . patrick day we made it aubree's day
to all the irish eyes happy st . patrick's to you
happy st . patrick's day . be safe , be smart have fun !
happy st patricks day . the ros tapestry is open today . if anyone is in the new ross area today come in and see us :)
celebrating st . patrick's day with potatoes and teen wolf
happy st .patrick's day 30 % off anything green in store excluding tobacco . new zippos in stock . drink
hhahaha love you and your tweets .
hurricane sandy aint do shit in pittsburgh . all we're gettin ' is drizzle !
st patricks day inspired makeup look
how did you spend your st .patricks day niall ?
this proof syrians refugees smuggled thanks
please sign the petition to stop syrian refugees from being placed in the u .s.
thank fuck i'm back in england after battling hurricane sandy ! it could not defeat me !
has sandy hit canada yet ?
i pray for the people of ! i felt the creeps ! its like the movie !
75 years later a huge earthquake did far worse to nepal /tibet. i'm sure is there 'to help .'
cheer for a country and show your passion for football in
happy to hear that torres finally breaks the duck ! good news though i wouldn't mind lambasting him for not scoring either :) ahaha
nyc flights still grounded by sandy as d .c. returns to normal : flights to and from the northeast were still grounded on tuesday , thou
nyc flights still grounded by sandy as d .c. returns to normal : flights to and from the northeas cc
update 1 - germanwings plane crashes in the french alps after making distress call : an airbus a3
germanwings plane crashes in french alps with 148 people : an airbus with at least 142 passengers
mashable : who dominated the social buzz on the last day of sxswi ? [infographic]: sxsw interactive wrapped up tue
who dominated the social buzz on the last day of sxswi ? [infographic]: sxsw interactive wrapped up tuesday | m !
hurricane sandy cancels flights at south florida airports : hurricane sandy continues to impact flights in south
hurricane sandy cancels flights at south florida airports : hurricane sandy continues to impact fli
why are all the italian players wearing black armbands or is it just the jersey ?
german fans have been singing for ten minutes-whole second half so far .
ottawa gunman told fellow muslim convert 'the devil is chasing me ' - irish independent
maybe would cause lots of traffic on parliament hill . 21 tactics to increase
special hurricane will obama and romney see climate change in hurricane sandy ? - los angeles times : triple sandy
will obama and romney see climate change in hurricane sandy ? - los angeles times : triple punditwill obama and ro
voting for obama in the morning . if you don't like i don't give a fuck
12 :01am: breaking news : with 1 st vote cast in nh , msnbc calls fl , nc , va , nh , oh , mi , wi , ia , co , and nv for obama .
i liked a video officials : hurricane patricia 'strongest hurricane
hurricane patricia - the strongest hurricane ever recorded . how to help
those who lost their life today in boston
hey maybe you haven't heard but a fucking bomb went off in boston . your so fucking self centered . god you piss me off .
plz pray 4 your ny /nj followers . the devastation from the hurricane is immense . no power /heat phone service . homes businesses destroyed .
it gets bettr sandy from dubai
you know gomez is serious when he puts his hair back
huh did i just hear the commentator say the ref is a muti-millionaire o_0
stpatricksday celebration at minus the drinking , leprechauns , or any mention of st patricks day .
happy st patrick's day from your friends at mscns ! may all your link indicators be green !
su - how president obama sold out charlie hebdo mollie hemingway , the federalist
what we do and don't know about the aftermath of the charlie hebdo shooting
mmmmmmmmorning ! : (said in a happy , camp , i drank an obscene amount last night and still strangely feel great way ) 1 -1
ireland live on hope by never say die !! case 4 the defence is lacking as clinical croats sweep aside ireland
happy st . patrick's day ! what's your favorite film ? here is a good roundup of titles :
happy st . patricks day everyone ! especially niall !
ebola scare : catholic bishop seeks urgent end to nma strike : the catholic bishop of awka dioce
!! ebola scare : catholic bishop seeks urgent end to nma strike : the catholic bishop via
hurricane sandy now intensifieswith winds at 90 mph .
what if we didn't know hurricane sandy was coming ? dying satellites threaten ability to forecast storms
can spain please stop this passing malarkey ? with all the lack of sleep it's making my eyes go squiffy .
jordi alba scores his first international goal off a brilliant overlapping run ! what a pass to send him through ! #
thats crazy what happen to boston
so something happened in boston ? i had no idea .
brilliant podcast looking back on how has always been different to europe .
if you're commenting on legality of deal and didn't know who dashwood is , you're probably not qualified to comment
sandy she taking october out to november
niggas tryna cop the plead to sandy ? wtf
if arshavin keeps playing like this i'd love for arsenal to take him back into first team action .
this pisses over . why ? because there's no vuvuzela drone no jabulani beach ball . prop
sba stands ready to assist connecticut residents affected by hurricane sandy
gop's steve king won't back 'sandy' relief efforts 'cause it might go to 'gucci bags '
we're all riders on sandy today
boutta turn up with hurricane sandy
house weighs delaying the acceptance of syrian and iraqi refugees in the aftermath of the paris terror attacks .
any day i can rise and shine with a fucj you you , well i'm gonna take it .my fucks autoc do yeah !
lmao when is st patricks day again ?
lucky charm math ! happy st . patrick's day !
if it's a no : what are we left with ? status quo , thousands of scots who'll moan about england even more than they already do . ffs
ched evans is readying himself for when scotland say no .
just seen the hurricane sandy new york footage for the first time . goodness :/
there's a huge accident it looks worse then hurricane sandy
the us national anthem is amazing ! love a good national anthem
i love you awesome job singing the national anthem !
happy st .patrick's day to everyone ! who is wearing green ?
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at krazy kiley's
hurricane partly ovaaaaa here this place is packed
it's just a thought . but it would be nice if it actually happens (not the hurricane ).
happy st . patricks day . to taylersk for the glasses .
getting my at capones . happy st . patrick's day !
a true cork st . patrick's day
happy st .patrick's day . //t.co/pzkg5a0mgt
dixville notch vote : only ten people voting obama 5, romney 5 . its a tie setting the tone for the day ?
do yo thing today obama
good start now to poland vs greece until
i have to say that i am very impressed with poland so far . a great team display .
happy st . patrick's day ! how are you celebrating today ?
st . patrick's day is fun , you hater .
once this tree is removed , the work can begin .
that halloween sucked so badit was not what i expected it to be whatsoeverbut what could you do ? damn you hurricane sandy !
today freaking sucked thought st . patrick's day would have been funnier
can i fake it and call it a st . patrick's day gift ? or would waiting for his birthday in june be more believable ?
let's all celebrate st patricks day because we're scottish
st patrick's day anto . :d
with hurricane sandy coming up the coast i hope everybody is staying safe and prepared .
although idk you the hurricane on halloween yea that sucks .
oh my we have the and the - jeez twitter night it is then
steelers fan here . rooting for the giants in the . shake that one off , eli .
arutz 7 : grave disconnect as orthodox leaders refused to support romney
grave disconnect as orthodox leaders refused to support romney :
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/e0obebcct7
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/varmgz4wie
i think the nation could careless about the giants , all they care about is sandy
just realized i parked verrrrry close to the trees in k lot . if a tree falls on my car , sandy , you're a bitch .
sky fm smooth jazz currently down due to hurricane sandy power outages . we are working to get back up and running asa
drinking the last of my hurricane beer
strange old set up for they seem 2 b in a bar .
if a had the money a'd put on to win and a win .
should've placed a bet with on the game today . put the smack down on sweden
love it when a game goes according to what you'd expect !
erin found a four-leaf clover right before st . patrick's day .
tomorrow ! st patrick's day ! a wee treat for you !
thoughts are out to everyone in paris tonightso upsetting
hearts out to paris and the french people . so disturbing .
st . patrick's checkpoint snags 5 arrests - mar 18 am et
who has a hangover from st patricks day ?
far-right group targets madrid mosque after brussels attacks : a far-right group targe
eu emergency meeting focuses on security measures after brussels attacks
thought obama was gonna lost .. power of the blackk vote
who needs jobs ? we got obama in office
sandy ruptures tank , causing diesel spill : the refining company motiva has notified officials that an estimated
oh look , sandy has a cameo .
who needs paris , when you have her
russia deputy foreign minister says paris attacks on friday will likely change 'scale of priorities ' in
happy st patrick's day : welcome to ireland via tweakyourbiz
celebrating with the irish happy st patrick's day ! enjoy !
latest update : hurricane forces nyse shutdown - the new york stock exchange will be closed on monday and provisional
hurricane forces nyse shutdown : the new york stock exchange will be close
second half time starts ukraine 0 -0 sweden
i still think the sweden will take this one
hurricane sandy civilian emergency relief efforts
here's an ominous animation of the hurricane sandy gathering speed as it prepares to makes its march on new jers htt
homeowners hit by sandy may save thousands of dollars : the fact that hurricane sandy was downgraded before it made
: homeowners hit by sandy may save thousands of dollars : the fact that hurricane sandy was
waiting for a hurricane to hit is so scary -it's like waiting for a monster . so we left fl-glad to be in upstate sc ! naomi
i'm going to bed . see you in the morning , bright eyed and bushy tailed , .
at , listened to kara swisher talk about getting more women into tech .
i met a robot today . my is complete .
oh st . patrick's day the one day where people are only half ashamed of being irish
*wears hundred dollar bills to school for st .patricks day *
happy st . patrick's day .via ~ sunshineandfeelingfine
happy st . patrick's day from lone tree usa !
boston pd is saying to get on social media and tell people to stay away from the boston marathon area and the jfk library .
boston pd is saying to get on social media and tell people to stay away fromthe boston marathon area and the jfk libra
germanwings crash investigation hits snag in retrieving data - new york times : new york t
germanwings crash investigation hits snag in retrieving data - new york times : new york timesgermanwings crash investigation hits sna
after saturday , i don't want to think about st . patricks day .
i think i need to partake in a st patrick's day breakfast
to all my friends in paris , i hope everyone is alright .
thoughts go out to all the loved ones in paris
happy st patrick's day as well :-)
happy st patricks day today , what plans have you got ?
god bless the departed souls and the living in nepal . let them have better days ahead . let us all try to lend our
indian media has rotten heads . doing everything to spoil india's relations with nepal now . they'll insult nepal .
yes ! lets go spain proud to be part spanish haha
spain has gone over 500 minutes without conceding a goal . incredible .
badruddeen : low-cost calling app has record day after brussels attacks
one could get the sense that american conservatives are gloating over the brussels terror attacks :
should be the commentary team next year .
so far ms . brown's m &ms commercial is winning at the spelman compound , w howard stern's a close 2 nd . this m &m
what if there's not really a hurricane and we get off from school
come out this friday in harlem ! (after the hurricane has passed )
: half time : germany 2 -0 holland
is looking fire 2 0 . are looking fav to win
god protected me this break by bringing me to places affected by hurricane sandy only after they have been hit
a hurricane . they're saying it looks like there might be another storm on the north side
oh yeah happy st .patricks day everyone
oh yes , ty happy st patricks day to you also
doing interview at 9 am with channel news asia (singapore) on hurricane-election implications :
did the hurricane hit in your area ? i hope your okay .
shots fired at war memorial and now parliament hill in
developing story about shots fired at parliament hill
i really wish i was old enough to go over to nepal with the volunteers .
did ur dad provide millions of relief and economical aid in 2 days to nepal which the army itself is distributing ?
a happy st patricks day to everyone . will be having a guinness or 2 tonight
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at tanaz !
dip_set 21 : dammit . breaking : magnitude -6.7 aftershock hits nepal , says u .s. geological survey
buzzookaa : breaking : magnitude -6.7 aftershock hits nepal , says u .s. geological survey
yo maaan make sandy stop :'(
did any of sandy reach you ?
hurricane 's hitting me again
what's the difference between a hurricane and an extra tropical cyclone ?
so .no shots fired at the shopping mall in . in all the panic it causes , the effect's are huge ! you technically don't have
press conference leaves many questions unanswered . how many shooters ?
okay let's see what you got
i love my amex card , especially while i'm at
what is internet ?: how victoria's secret saved the national guard from hurricane sandy : why do we l
how victoria's secret saved the national guard from hurricane sandy : why do we love noah shachtman and wir
i pray 2 jehovah dat whoeva did wat they did yesterday in boston pays for it wit their life
hope u r ok . praying for people of boston
take down all of your stickers !
don't be mad bro . y would you want a stiff mormen white guy anyways . are president can ball son !
i'm stocked up on chai and crackers cmon sandy
currently watching the avengers and waiting for big sandy to hit .
prayer for hurricane sandy's victims dear god please be with all the victims of the hurricane and keep them strong
making a special prayer tonight for everyone affected by
peace corps workers evacuated from ebola-stricken region [photos] via
peace corps workers evacuated from ebola-stricken region [photos]: the worst ebola outbreak in
peace and prayers for paris ..i can't see humanity ..
one crime after another . all over indiana , the world . prayers to the family of the mom shot in indy , to all the lives lost in paris .
i vote off of school for st . patrick's day .
good morninghappy st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day to ya ! be sure to wear your green or get a little pinch !
happy st . patrick's day ! click here to see how lucky shoppers can save some serious green :
come join us at crossway community church in sandy springs at 6
hurricane was the largest storm in the history of the company . 14 ft tides , still removing water
go obama ! i don't even in live in america but yay !
stop tryna live like tha jones family , damn mitt rommey was hung yall asses too , uu never seen ah quater mill
whether its or will accept the democratic vote stand proud together !?
with so much interest and publicity in i think the uk 2015 general election is going to have the biggest voting turn out ever .
didn't even realize it was st . patrick's day ..
rainy st . patrick's day greetings !
just taking in how i don't have a basement to hide in if hurricane sandy really fucks shit up . thats why shit should have been done by june
is blowing , yet god is still on the throne .
the ataris ' the night that the lights went out in nyc was about spiderman losing mj during hurricane sandy .
hurricane sandy , climate change , and market signals :
bomb sniffing dogs reportedly on site before explosions at boston marathon via
how many people actually prayed for boston ?
top o ' the mornin ' to all who come this way !wishing you all a happy st . patrick's day !:d
happy st . patrick's day , fellaaa !
happy st . patty's day from and i !
happy st patricks day on the realz
happy st patrick's day from irlanda
there is no better place to be on st .patricks day than cleveland
[cnn] safe again : baby in nepal rubble back with mom [united states ]
in . my friend diesel (getting a lot of twitter attention ), waiting for the next job .
magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes nepal close to everest
another earthquake in nepal means it's super important to help - here's my reluctant giver's guide to giving :
will we see a upset tomorrow ? is obama's season over ?
obama's final campaign speech on cnn !!
i hope they catch whoever did this in boston
stories of kindness hope following the bombings . always have faith in the human spirit .
oh , crap , i was looking forward to monday's android announcements . canceled . thanks , .
everyone run around with there fucking head cut off there's a hurricane coming
independence will not mean scots will be the captain of their own ship . they'll just be passengers in a much smaller boat .
brilliant front cover from private eye this week :)
i'm going with the patriots tomo night
tomorrow-bbq for , today-rice & beans time !
breaking : says co-pilot crashed on purpose ?full deets
so the pilot crashed the plane on purpose . jesus !!
paris is only a 4 hour drive from where i live .. it's getting closer .
thoughts go out to all those in paris , shocking news
is the virus here ? man being treated for ebola in lagos , dies : patrick sa
is the virus here ? man being treated for ebola in lagos , dies via
whos bright idea was it to have the rangers play a team from coatbridge on st patricks day
idek what st patricks day is about i
maybe instead of attacking innocent parisians they got smart and went to the source . brussels = nato .
briton confirmed dead in brussels attacks : a briton who was missing in bru
get some sleep east coast , it's not over yet !
my party animal sons finally crashed .. means i'm gonna catch up on the hurricane sandy news and go to bed ! nite my peeps !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xz0jrzrdrg
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6s3b3llcw9
rt if you're a bobcat fan and celebrating st . patrick's day today !
happy saint patrick's day to you and yours ! read more traditional irish sayings here :
happy saint patrick's day from gold coast cadillac !
happy st . patricks day !! $1 green beers all day !! 1 /2 price wings !!
happy st . patrick's day :) have a great day :) xx
happy st . patrick's day ! don't get too drunk ! i'm looking at you
(nikki) happy saint patrick's day from the :)
here it is .!!!happy st . patrick's day
hurricane is about create some mass transit chaos . you lil batccch !! brooklyn sessions are canceled
i need to start my soup can project before sandy comes .
african health ministers meet to address ebola outbreak - voice of america : reute
african health ministers meet to address ebola outbreak
romney camp projects confidence despite polls : columbus (ohio): either he is wearing the best poker via
romney camp projects confidence despite polls : columbus (ohio): either he is wearing the best poker face in poli
wheres this hurricane everyone is talking about ?
my parents aren't even preparing for the hurricane . they're just sitting on the couch eating pretzels okay
sandy bitch ass ! uprooting trees . smfh .
our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by hurricane sandy . help is on the way !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/p9mxhrbv1s
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wbkkgkqmhk
the entire blakk community of the united states is gonna flip on the government if obama lose !!!
a man who appears 2 lie often 2 get into the wh like romney should be considered a complete fraud
i wonder if i'll have to work tomorrow .
say what you want about mayor bloomberg , he has the most expressive sign language interpreter in the business
the new world war between democracy authoritarianism is clearly under way , its current battlefields are .
has gone from an organized protest to an experiment in utopian anarchism . that could spell downfall .
after a few weeks off back to the kitchen today . can't beat the view
sydney siege 'elephant in the room ' - nz judge (news)
we're better off with barack obama as president then mitt romney . romneys one selfish fucker . idgaf what anyone has t
it's ok , i totally want obama to keep taking all my hard earned money and giving it to people who've never worked a da
does anybody know what this hurricane sandy is about
ok food is in the house ,check,sour and kush on deck ,check,now i have to find that special someone for the hurricane ,lol.
american stream calling polands goal a 'wonderstrike' hmmm
at least we know the standard of refereeing at won't be questioned now . we all know it's awful already . no questions necessary .
hurricane or no hurricane i will be at on wed night for midnight release of
what type of awful person would name their kid sandy ?
i almost forgothappy st . patrick's day :d
happy st . patricks day , do people say that ?
guaranteed way to get lucky : consistent , ever-improving hard work . enjoy via
happy st patricks day everybody this is my day cause i'm irish well actually i'm scotirish which means i drink and play golf
global music news : news brief : songza wins , pandora's stock hold , sxsw $$ talk , a2im libbie
news brief : songza wins , pandora's stock hold , sxsw $$ talk , a2im libbies + emusic more
tell me you saw that , what a free kick snipe
- andrea pirlo scores first free-kick goal for italy at ech since 1968 [domenghini vs . yugoslavia ]
the day of the long knives , the blame game starts - romney adviser : it was the messaging via
yall should leave romney alone .
lmfaoo rt : blowin so many niggas they should call me hurricane sandy kardashian .
everyone please stay safe on the east coast during this hurricane .
wait is today st patricks day ?
ouuuuaaa lundi cest la st patrick les irlandais ils se sentent plus la
woke up to obama being president still
i like to wake up knowing obama is still my president
photos are shattering my heart to pieces . humanity , please .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qtv248vtz7
2 men linked to paris attacks registered as migrants in greece .
incredible how much is going on is paris right now . hope everyone is okay .
happy st . patrick's day from the salvation army - athens , ga !
happy st . patrick's day , philadelphia ! the revelry continues today at city tap house , shake shack and beyond :
happy st . patricks day niall xx have a good one
happy st patrick day !!! xxxxx
sending out some tending to tonight 3
the protests have been co-opted . not about michael brown any more . about police . take back your protests and make it peaceful .
please vote tomorrow if you are registered !! u cant be mad if obama doesnt win and u didnt do ur part
every single adult i talk to wants romney . fuck that shit .
remember when people would go to sxsw and get hipped to new music now they'll just be goin to jay z and 50 cent s
remember when people would go to sxsw and get hipped to new music now they'll just be goin to jay z and 50 cent shows
don't just go green for st . patrick's day don't forget to recycle your cans tomorrow too !
happy st .patricks day , there are some great festivals happening all over ireland . where are you today
hurricane sandy as 'super storm ': is change a factor ? -
hurricane sandy , how about you make me not have school tomorrow . i'll probably appreciate your existence wayyyyy more .
la furia roja has my support in
plently of snacky food , football , just one thing missing the beer !
kick off in 40 mins , hopefully a great game coming up
the whole of the country is with you gareth soutgate
yesssssss !!!!! we did it !!!!!!!!!! obama won !!!
i understand that but obama is reelected sooo fuckkk your thoughts about romney !!!
can't put into words how upsettting the paris attacks are . thinking of everyone in paris . all our love , always .
words can't even begin to describe this feeling . no matter what i will say , i feel it won't be enough .
for me hurricane irene was alot worse . sandy was just a little rainy , wind didnt do that much
the hurricane should be hittin any minute now
please do not forget to pray for everyone involved in storm sandy , they need constant prayers , it's awful so sad
the gas outage post-hurricane makes me wonder why we still rely on that source of energy .
the tcs students wearing their green today . happy st . patrick's day !
remember to wear green , drunk irishmen get really handsey on st patricks day
mormon missionary injured in brussels had been in boston , paris during terrorist attacks : three u .s. mormon missionaries were among t
mormon missionary injured in brussels had been in boston , paris during terrorist attacks : three u -sanjayator.
canada after paris attacks , english soccer fans salute france by roaring out the 'marse
houston $$ after paris attacks , english soccer fans salute france by roaring out the 'm
madonna is not cool ! bring back wardrobe malfunctions !
madonna has been shufflebot this whole time
im about to win granddaughter of the year awardgrandfather is stuck at sams with a dead car batteryno more for now .
top commercials so far , m &m and chevy camaro
::resisting the urge to make a red soviet reference :: russia scores 15 th min
and just as i say it's all czechs russia score haha 1 -0
last day of my hurricane sandy vaca
amazing satellite images of sandy damage : surveying the damage along the jersey shore
how did the morning papers in and out of boston handle the bombs ? with blood :
great column from pray for boston marathon bombing victims but also for the strength to fight back -
hey heather . hope all is well . wanted to wish you a happy st . patrick's day .
happy st patricks day russell
catching up on and and my phone buzzes with an amber alert . how do we contain this pain in our bodies ? we can't .
the jury is out ! this officer tells you all you need to know about the attitude of police and their midis operandi !!
st . patrick's day kick off
why did i just figure out today is st . patrick's day ? lol
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6zktz3ggik
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wcbgz9scla
carolina consulting liverpool inside the sxsw accelerator (video)
business advice inside the sxsw accelerator (video)
prayers for those in boston . such a sad and tragic thing .
our thoughts + hearts are with those in boston .
sad times in nepal . thought are with them .
google launched a person finder . friends of nepal who have lost someone . use it this :
confused about the leak ? here's a comic that explains it all via
it would be interesting to see the role this has played in the accumulation of wealth of the top 1 %
i want to wish everyone a st . patricks day
me and st . patrick go way back so i'll take the day off to sleep
andres iniesta also made 93 passes against ireland with 95 % of them finding a teammate
love the irish fans , what a great supporters !!
hey lady . am a hurricane sandy refugee out in la this week . shall we make good on that rain checked drink from earlier this year ?
hope the president handles this hurricane perfectly could be a game changer also voting could be a royal mess with no electric
seriously , this game ..why are they walking ? aye , it's fotball ! run ! damn !
benzema is class could get 1 or 2 tonight
st . patrick's day on a monday . it's happening .
so lucky to have you follow along :) have a great st . patrick's day !
latest : isis claims responsibility for paris attack , russia |
the paris attacks have halted the massive backlash in germany vs . merkel on refugees - for now , reports
happy st . patrick's day to you all ! will you be chasing a today ?
is it too early to start drinking for st . patricks day .
join planet as we raise $ for relief . give the gift of reading 2 a help those on east coast -
we're launching an online auction to raise funds for relief efforts . would you donate a tour of w / you to the auction ?
election is tomorrow i truly hope obama wins
i really hope obama wins the u .s election .
so final beckons predictions for tonight ???
the euro 2012 final . live on the events channel . coverage begins at 20 :00 mecca time .
says happy st . patrick's day - have you seen google this fine morning ?
happy st patrick's day to everyone and of course to i guess we all can say this :
hurricane sandy is all in nj grill and stuff .
motherr_goose hiding from hurricane sandy
i know for sure barrack obama is gonna get this . ,
video : obama deputy campaign manager : pa has tightened , definitely competitive
yo said hurricane katrina ! i thought her name was sandy
and david stern saying hurricane katrina instead of sandy will be trending shortly
ok but what happened to paris ??? i hope they're okay there
my heart goes out to everyone in paris . cannot believe what i'm hearing . absolutely heart breaking .
another strong earthquake has shaken nepal . follow the latest updates here : via
give prayer , meditation and positive thoughts to the people of
a jury of ur peers can't deliberate safely or justly in certain cases , so its not a jury of ur peers , its the intimidator
couldn't sort out health when he had all the money in the world !
just saw a quicktrip i was at yesterday on the news with all of it's windows busted and on fire
hope cooler heads begin to prevail in don't count on to be one of them .
guess police really do melt if they get wet in
atlanta occupy lawyers and in observing and documenting behavior of police - via
happy st patricks day to all you irish mofos
happy st . patrick's day ! how do you say ireland in your language ? : happy
let's all celebrate the day after by calling our good friends and talking very loudly .
still from saint patrick's day ?? come in for and have a !
everyone is saying pray for boston but i bet none of them did
8 yr old boy among the 3 dead in boston marathon bombing . scores wounded .
walt disney co . donates $2 million to hurricane sandy relief , recovery : the walt disney company today announced
abc money : walt disney co . donates $2 million to hurricane sandy relief , recovery : the walt disney company today
happy st . patrick's day to the barrett-o'connor family !
happy st .patricks day is ww :dddd
followme - philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but despite so
i mean does anyone read these hurricane sandy tweets ?! this shit is cray !
tf kinda name is that anyway , hurricane sandy ?
also could happen if obama loses fl , nc , oh , mi but wins all the others .
fuck obama fuck romney i'm voting for my boy hugh heffner or how the fuck you spell it
who says mitt romney won't fix unemployment ? he's given meatloaf a job when even wouldn't .
get that romney shit out of my feed .
everyday here feels like a saturday . if you live and breathe live music , you owe it to yourself to come to austin during sxsw .
wish you were at sxsw ? so do i !
happy st . patricks day ! photo credit to pinterest .
the brookridge heights staff would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !
i wake up to hear obama won , praise the lordd .
gud mornin eery 1 woke up happy az hell mi president is black obama 4 mre yrs dats wat im talkin bout hate on 2 all u hatas haha
germanwings flight 9525 appears to have been locked in to crash via
what investigators are looking for in germanwings flight 9525 crash
as the first syrian refugees arrive in scotland , having fled war and suffering , i wish them well .
refugees r the least likely potential terrorists
toutes les photos du passage de sandy en haiti sur notre page incas productions inc . (photo logan abassi un /minustah)
cioview hurricane sandy shuts down google's android event - cio
num much preparing for hurricane sandy and waiting impatiently to hear little things u
hurricane sandy , i'm armed and ready for war .
pray for paris [ ] [re-upload] via
asian shares , euro skid in early trade monday , after paris attacks
speaking to now brussels vice mayor , deputy alain courtois .
donald trump urges waterboarding and more after brussels attacks
why can't the dallas cowboys make the ?
i guess they were worried that whitney houston would have tried to snort up the fifty yard line .
sandy is here .just rain so far
fairly calm here in palm . bch county this morning sandy brought cooler temps we got lucky thus time sandy
rosbram : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead
dioamico : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead
alright st . patricks day , lets do this !
the boondock saints . i mean it is st . patrick's day !
great job paul .. happy st patrick's day
yes we think so ! happy st patricks day greetings from banagher ireland
happy st . patrick's day al !!!! :d love you xoxoxo
happy st . patrick's day baby ! xx x3
happy st . patrick's day ! come by our store today exchange your for cash !
happy st . patrick's day from the st . rita family !
happy st patrick's day , les .
happy st . patrick's day from mini downtown !
i am so happy the barack obama is president for the next 4 years ! change we can believe in !
why not ? hes got it in the bag . obama cant run again
update where to next ? - slowly but surely , hurricane sandy is making its way toward the u .s. east coast . here are th
rss test 1 where to next ? - slowly but surely , hurricane sandy is making its way toward the u .s. east coast . here are
prosecutors say co-pilot treated years ago for suicidal tendencies : associated press .
prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot was treated years ago for suicidal tendencies
//t.co/xalue2ye. can help those affected by hurricane sandy and
shameless hurricane sandy-looters display stolen goods on twitter ! via
it's st patrick's weekend and i'm sitting home bore out of my mine
just got done having our corned beef ,potatoes broccoli . since geoff will be gone on st patrick's i cooked it early . now for key lime pie
sadly , i expect tonight to be the worst one yet .
grand jury may start hearing evidence wednesday
how to make a proper irish coffee for st . patrick's day : mixing coffee and alcohol seems like a natural fit fo
st patrick's day treasures aren't always found at the end of the rainbow .
what did you do for st . patrick's day ? i gave my students these gifts !
maybe it's because it's st . patrick's day but i just can't stop dublin over in laughter .
just to be on the safe side , maybe we should close school tomorrow due to hurricane sandy and the jus
idc if we have school or not , they say we have a hurricane and i'm not going to school in no damn hurricane !
democrats retain control in freehold ; republican incumbent out .
228 in the electoral count for the president !!! soo close !!
here's a good idea , let's have a party the day the hurricane is supposed to hit ! :d
so my undergrad in ny has two days off for a hurricane . yet in florida i've only had off one day for a hurricane .
apparently mitt didn't write a concession speech -- after spending $400m he can't find a pen that works
romney's presidential challenge is dead . rejoice , people of the free world .
i haven't seen a lot of people wearing green this st . patricks day
happy st patricks day ! ang
wonderful quote . happy st . patrick's day to you
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! we're going to shamrock your world !
happy st . patrick's day from camp wartburg !
happy st . patrick's day spark city divas !
they won't be dismissive for long . some areas below 20 % last year went 46 % for in .
this voting result process reminds me of eurovision !
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/emubntfohz
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ravzupyngn
happy st . patrick's day , nj !
psa : today is not st . patrick's day . monday is .
happy st . patrick's day ! hope everyone had a great spring break ! we have a few tickets remaining for our first
today's the green day what's it called ?
same shot from a different angle
thank god for public sector workers . many risk their lives to help those in need .
it's looking pretty good for the obama campaign
can't share your sentiment mt i'm hoping mitt wins ; legislative stalemate obama has seen the last 4 yrs ha
nepal army : all 8 bodies found in crashed us marine chopper : the bodies of all eight people on board t
nepal army : all 8 bodies found in crashed us marine chopper : nepal's army says all 8 bodies recovered near crashed us marine helicopter
a question to patrick by our area co-ordinator on the
: i fearaccords of governmentsi fear no bordersi fear rising worlds ~lindano 2016 .#brexit.
i ask my 2 nd period teacher why is she voting for romney aka the devil
i want my dad and obama to meet . why you ask bc they talk alike and kind if look alike . it could be like that movie dave
happy st . patricks day from diamond t !!!!
happy st . patricks day from someone
arutz 7 : death toll in sandy rises to at least 13
death toll in sandy rises to at least 13 :
my good luck charm , we won the !
my awesome tweeting gained me three spam followers . sure i'd love to webcam with you rando slutty chick who's probs a dude
happy st . patrick's day from park tavern ! don't forget to wear your green today and come out for green $1 drafts !
we'll help you with your mortgage , but we can't help with thishappy st . patrick's day !
i could honestly careless who won the
party tonight ! pats by 4 ? hopefully we don't the the tom brady from 2 weeks ago
kosher supermarket gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm the kouachi brothers
kosher supermarket gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm the kouachi brothers currently holding one hostage north of paris (ap)
happy st . patrick's day from the town of normal !
happy st . patrick's day ! tweet us your leprechaun name !
person : happy st . patricks day , where's your green ?me:
happy st patrick's day to all my friends here , past and present ! god bless !
joe hart's kit is vile ! who chose that ?!
joe hart in his camouflage kit
snl ditches cold open for bilingual message of solidarity with paris via
notre dame gargoyle , overlooking the city of lights . paris , 1933 . photo by brassai .
runaway 'ebola' victim dies as us doctor tests positive for deadly virus !
this ebola virus thing is so scaryso help us god
we y'all go vote check obama first then check all democrat !! if not your not voting for him !!
i'm voting for president obama because i would like people to keep their opinions out of my vagina .
poland draw with russia in warsaw after the czech republic defeat greece 2 -1
poland 1 - 1 russia . best game of by a mile so far . ze germans v dutch tommorow
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dviauqsg5e
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/puhmzaeusf
today is st . patrick's day . we know because we checked our calendar . to be sure .
let's drink . it's st . patricks day cuhz
stocks up as markets open after sandy : u .s. stocks opened up on wednesday morning after being closed for two day
today is halloween , and i am going to dress up as a hurricane .
gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy : american apparel apparently
mashable : gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy
make them win or i will find you and pinch you for st . patrick's day
i wore green for st patrick's day today !
happy st . patrick's day ! wear and kiss a ginger
happy st . patrick's day haute girls !xo
i'm so happy right now id bang sandy
dtn philippines : ny stock exchange closes trading floor as sandy approaches : the new york stock exchange announc
off tomorrow . will be live tweeting the hurricane barring power . this is your cue to unfollow .
my parents are taking this hurricane waaay to seriously
support them and give the icij $ - donations matched today up to $10k.
well , andy , you started it :-) is trending now .
happy st patrick's day to all ireland .
happy saint patricks day john from your cousins in ireland
i remember in elementry , you would have to wear green on st . patricks day or you would get pinched by everyone .! !
i always thought it was stupid if you don't wear green on st . patrick day
fat joe performs at republic live in austin , texas for sxsw [video]
resting up after one legendary night and before a gloriously endless week
are you voting more for /against a particular candidate or a particular party in this ?
a majority of our military wants a new commander in chief i'm going to try to help get them one tomorrow !
obama is really losing . wtf are we going to do if romney wins ?
if , no when obama win , thanksgiving gone be super jack !
if you're not voting for chester a . arthur and his mutton chops , you're un-american .
i'm so anxious to see the results .
political affiliations aside , obama is just really good looking
4 yrs ago i was on 106 park when obama got elected as president . nov . 4 th . i was 17, mad as hell my bday was on the 15 th couldn't vote .
lib minority idiots think ?? every refugee from syria should be automatically housed with every member
lol dude compared those fleeing war to european colonizers who have full help from earth's most hegemonic superpower
it's st patricks day i have places to go tonight
my st . patricks day is sorta boring
back to my obama tweets lol
sure , they might not . but right now there's no evidence that obama-leaning polls suppress votes more than they help votes .
happy st patricks day ! don't get too drunk or this is how you will end up ! lol !!
happy st . patrick's day . you bunch of wannabes .
watch : suicide blast during paris raid caught on video : abdelhamid abaaoud , the alleged maste
jenny capri pike watch : suicide blast during paris raid caught on video : abdelhamid abaaoud , jenny capri pike
are you in a row boat yet ? is sandy eye-fucking you yet ?
thank you for calling me to reschedule my cancelled flight .
avoid travel to nepal after earthquake , u .s. warns mashable
avoid travel to nepal after earthquake , u .s. warns via
puscifer talk fear for bandmate's safety during paris attack : as breaking news continues to develop in the wak
puscifer talk fear for bandmate's safety during paris attack : as breaking news conti
st . patrick's day with my favorite girl
cat loveing for st patricks day : via
last day of the uk ! i'm spending the day draped in tartan , with a bottle of scotch and a tin of shortbread
true colours of britnats coming out now - say what we want or begone - like north korea - more fuel for thanks !
van persie fluffs yet another chance
-__________- van persie what the fuck ?! that should have been a goal
prayers going out to all those hit by sandy
stretched barbed wire after hurricane sandy
i can pretend i'm irish on st . patrick's day just like i pretend i'm a good boy for christmas day
happy st . patrick's day ! get up and work something , you are among the lucky that can ! well i don't believe in
top 10 things to do the day after st . patrick's day .
our st . patrick's day giveaways !
was trending ! fuck yo couch romney !
obama , romney still asking for cash - tarini parti - via
jaysus . paris getting it again . god help them
reports : shooting in paris leaves 18 dead ; explosion erupts in soccer stadium
yes yes yes c'mon russia !!!
bout time russia .. i was getting bored 3 -1
obama inherited the bad situation and now he have a chance to prove that he is the hero . congrats :)
these folks on cnn still talking bout the election romney and obama sleep damn
the view - st patrick's day in corktown detroit michigan .
wow people are out in large packs tonight .. must be the st patricks ting
i liked a video happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day ! a thread cleanser :)
do u mind can u be pissed somewhere else bc obama for lyf
tomorrow romney will say he was for obama all along .
two believed dead , hostages freed after 16 hour standoff in downtown sydney
sydney siege , don't forget we are killing hundreds to thousands of innocent muslims in iraq and elsewhere .
missed you during h'cane sandy . pizza and beer and theo for russell's b'day !
has passed , but there are still ppl in need . donate at or text redcross to 90999 to give $10
sandy will affect millions cost billions .
be careful this weekend guys . hurricane sandy is rollin ' in .
anyone know if there are any buses still running into ? would really like to get home .
thank you , much appreciated , all our colleagues (including outsourced in ) are fine
why your car will be the 5 th screen in your life keynote austin w / [pic]:
oh , okay , here's a more down-to-earth description .
happy st patrick's day to all irish and descendants
just thought i'd wish you a happy st patrick's day ! know it's your favourite day of the year
hurricane sandy gave me this years christmas tree !
knowing my luck , app store will begin reviewing erncon right when the hurricane hits virginia taking out amazon's data-centers .
my heart goes out for families of the victims of lebanon and paris attacks .this world is going down a hole .#rottenworld
as you so eloquently put paris happened
happy st . patrick's day ! if you have a little irish in you , retweet this to declare your irish pride .
happy bday to kyle korver even tho it's mine too
thinking of everyone affected by the awful tragedy in when will this end !?
twitter in high dudgeon about reporters contacting a eyewitness who posted pics . that's called journalism . journ-a-lis-m .
happy st . patrick day i completely forgot it was today
happy st patrick's day you filthy animals
from hn : could the ebola outbreak spread to europe or the u .s.?
could the ebola outbreak spread to europe or the u .s.? | via ycombinator
hurricane should not have a twitter account .it just should'nt
tell me why a hurricane twitter account has 64 k followers
who brings alpacas to a st patrick's day parade ?
st . patricks day parade 2014 river
its sunday and i'm getting excited come on tom time to get ring #5
alright watching 2 hours of preview sleeping 4 4 hours then watching more
happy st . patrick's day from , where we're proud to support national mobility
happy st patrick's day , help support our mission ! riras !
smart girls say on st . patrick's day
a little shake rattle and roll to get st paddy's day started ! we're all fine here , just very awake now .
this week is flying by big evening game tonight
we have special prayers at noon . we need to beat today
we hope that all our friends and family are fairing the left over effects of sandy ..be safe everyone ..
thoughts to my family friends affected by . anyone need anything ? all ok on uws .
hey tea bag morons obama not the coward ; romney is the check his draft dodge record ; obama got bin laden .
if romney wins , that might become brianshoaf .ca -- so get to while the getting is good !
youngest's update ::: superstorm sandy : faced with one of the most daunting recoveries imaginable , ravaged cities
superstorm sandy : faced with one of the most daunting recoveries imaginable
were all going to die in the hurricane . ..
oh sandy , you're a fickle one . make up your mind .. hurricane or tropical storm ?
this post intermittent loss of mobile phone service is driving me batty ugh ! i'll be a better co-host next week , i promise
a helpful list of related .gov twitter accounts ttps ://twitter.com/josephporcelli/hurricane-sandy
phew ! glad that we'll be carrying on this journey together , scotland .#indyref
well i guess the scots are okay with giving all their hard earned cash to westminster
cnn latest : at least 8 suspects at large in brussels and paris attacks
dtn usa : at least 8 suspects at large in brussels and paris attacks :
hydro one : gt ; 60,000 customers (not including gta ) without power . map :
if sandy hits any harder we gonna have to eat her
-wrapping herself around him she giggles - happy st patricks day to you to my heart . - gods above he was sexy , and when speaking in irish !!-
the is so much st .patrick's day celebrating going on , share your experiences with us , where were you ?
epic journey by to get home to seattle from nyc during hurricane sandy :
please let everyone in the us be safe . piss off sandy .
so utterly pee'd off with myself for not heading for poland . damn my inability to save .
watching the czechs just isn't the same without jan koller .
it's st . patricks day where this dude at
someone's seriously going to inform you it's because of st . patrick's day .
this is beautiful and helpful : 9 points to ponder on the paris shooting and charlie hebdo | on being via
i liked a video from cnn - terrorist attack in paris , france - terrorist has left their
mitt romney insults my intelligence every single time he opens his dumb lying mouth
going to vote early like i'm waiting to buy some j's
black rulesss : obama wins 2 nd time
obama is for the whole world not 47 percent fuk you romney and ryan
as much as i enjoy watching the stuff ! i am getting way tired and don't know how much longer i'll make it ! haha
jeezpeople in florida , your vote really counts . do the right thing and vote , i dont even care for whom . just vote .
niggas taking this st patrick's day way too serious
happy st patricks day to you guys too
everyone get ready for the hurricane sandy and be safe people
hurricane csi : frankenstorm sandy and climate change
euro 2012 kicks off tomorrow ! who do you think will prevail ?
i've done muller ger (40/1) and gomez spain (33/1)
that's better happy st patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at usta new england !
happy st patrick's day ! are you celebrating today ? tell us more about it .here are some interesting fact for the kids :
you are always in my prayers . happy st . patrick's day to you as well .
wow ! nasa technology located four trapped earthquake victims in nepal , by detecting their heartbeats :
we feel proud and salute to for her great nice social work !#jaipur contribution for
happy st patrick's day to all our irish members !
ohhh i forgot today is st patrick day
happy st . patrick's day , be sure to wear something green before visiting our website today !
happy st . patrick's day from designer daddy superlunchnotes : green week !
watch the hurricane not be serious and everyone ran home to their mommy's .
i .i.i. offers four key tips on how to prepare for hurricane sandy : new york , oct . 26, 2012 /prnewswire-usnewswir
i just finished my first day at disneyworld and see so many cute st . patricks day tweets from 5 sos and the boys it's a good day
happy st patricks day top of the morning to ya alrighty 8 )
took your time .. back from bombing boston ?
the boston bombings : the good will always win out . my blog :
i'm calling on to cancel classes tomorrow in solidarity w / e . coast schools where students are being deprived of academia
sandy's coming , gotta charge all my ish up
sandy volleyball ? let's do it up .
sponge bob call sandy back she's making a mess this way
crazy how blackboard might be down because of the hurricane
i know there's a hurricane and all but the scotch is saying it's bedtime .
sandy you can kiss my big fat white ass !!!!!
mariska please stay away from hurricane sandy . take care you do not want anything to happen to them .
salt lick on the way in , salt lick on the way out .
is anyone looking for a green music rr shuttle pass ? i'm selling it for $50
video : how has extremism flourished in brussels ?: the bbc's fergal keane has been exploring m
video : how has extremism flourished in brussels ?: the bbc's fergal keane has been exploring molenbeek , an area
this hurricane coming oh what should i do
i like how irene is trending .. that got us all prepared for hurricane irene and nothing really happened
exit poll : national latino vote obama 69 romney 29, 10 % of electorate ('08 o 67 mccain 31 ) #e
you deserve it obama ..you deserve it ! ! (:
this guy is choking on police gas right now in this video , reporting shooting , live protest and brutality .
1965 : lbj sends national guard to selma to protect black students .2014: obama does nothing ; cops in kill innocent black student .
hurricane sandy _ i'm tryin to get people home n now wonderin how ima get home hmmm
prayers go out to all those who have been or who may be affected by hurricane sandy . hope you all stay safe
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/gifwiwyen8
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/1stwf9c3zy
hey , koreatown : europe stocks higher ; asia falls amid sydney siege
nsw police say other locations in sydney r safe . they r only focusing on the cafe .
update ebola toll jumps to 467 as ministers mull response
west africa ebola toll rises to 467 : the number of people killed by the deadly ebola virus in west africa has
doctor who contracted ebola in grave condition : friend : doctor who contracted ebola was exhaust
doctor who contracted ebola in grave condition : friend : doctor who contracted ebola w
what's the difference between samaras and andy carrol ? not a lot ..
i can't believe this gameof course , i'm going to support greecebut can this really get anymore dramatic ..#ay
happy st . patrick day yeeeep
happy st patrick's day to friends and family .
finally the photos from the hurricane - the lake the river made in front of my house
photo : finally the photos from the hurricane - the lake the river made in front of my house
back to reality that matters . glued to this boston coverage .
please join for a candlight vigil at 9 pm tonight at the bell tower as we pray for the victims of the bombings in boston .
well on the bright side obama will only be in office for 43 more days if the mayans were right about the world ending ?
and i would absolutely take bush over obama .
our prayers thoughts are with everyone in paris tonight .
will cop 21 be cancelled due to the paris bombing ?##cop21offthehook
my grandparents will take me off the will if i vote for obama .but i don't want romney to be president
achievements why you should vote for him tomorrow .
it's not just about a romney win for restoring jobs . it's what he will do with obama care .
not me . :) romney and i was trying to get attention on it for an investigation .
fine gael's recovery is loss for flood victims .#cblive
fine gael's recovery is chaos for children in hotel rooms .#cblive
pulseofavampire : viber , google and facebook help track nepal earthquake survivors
maghribsheikh : viber , google and facebook help track nepal earthquake survivors
synonyms for militarism include 'pugnaciousness' and 'aggressive'. sounds like to me .
folks mocking solidarity protests in cities beyond : be grateful that you live in the other america . this is relevant across the us
arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an investigation
news : arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an i via
superstorm sandy's story told in dramatic images on photo sharing sites : historic storm event prompte
ny daily news front page october 30,2012 hurri crane megastorm lashes ny
have you heard reports that the bellas were in paris today ?
terrorism has no religion , race , or gender . we are must stand together to fight hate .
happy st patricks day from the castello ! di amorosa
happy st . patricks day from the worlds . jay bae .
dtn world news : video : sydney mourns cafe siege victims : an investigation has been launched into the police op
video : sydney mourns cafe siege victims : an investigation has been launched into the poli
very funny . there all true ! happy st patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day ! watch at 5 a .m.
wow i thought it was st . patrick's day all day today .-.
wait , what ? ? that's a potentially offensive name for st . patrick's day .
foreign office tells britons stranded in nepal to follow local authorities ' advice following earthquake that l
: foreign office tells britons stranded in nepal to follow local authorities ' advice following ear
happy st patricks day everyone to all our brethren
st . patrick's day is the only day of the year that gingers can walk the streets with impunity .
fuck cheese and his 40 oz of hurricane
looking for info about hurricane sandy on long island ? live streaming . huge tree damage in huntingto
happy birthday patrick !!! you know who you are .
using patty to imply st . patrick's day is incorrect .
today i am predicting holland to win 2 -0 and germany by the odd goal in three .
predictions for tonights euro games : netherlands 3 -1 denmark , germany 2 -0 portugal
happy st . patricks day ! woo woo
work at home dad - happy st patricks day : via
police : 3 dead , including gunman , in sydney crisis
ohk ! this sydney hostage-taker was a psychopath trying to pass off himself as a radical so as to inflict damage
david has a can of beer cause its st patrick's day
aww shit . it's st . patricks day .
if romney wins you ladies better start ordering storing away your contraceptives . lol stack that shit up right next to your jiffy mix !
from certain angles , romney looks eerily like george bush snr .
happy st . patrick's day my beauties !!
on st . patricks day my last name becomes o'ippolit .
hack education weekly news : hurricane sandy , moocs for credit , and the sale of star wars
today's khutba :remember who our creator is . don't become slave to ur wealth . your property in this world can be wiped out in a flash
well at least *my* county re-gained some sense from '08. neighboring counties - not so
because i believe in a a strong , better america . and pres obama has been , and will continue to lead us there !
nepalese dig for quake survivors as toll exceeds 2,200, big aftershock hits : kathmandu : rescuers dug with thei
nepalese dig for quake survivors as toll exceeds 2,200, big aftershock hits : kathmandu : rescue
for the reason you mentioned , unfortunately romney did not win :)
you see that romney , you see , this is what happens when you fuck with sesame street !
sxsw . do you know how much free day drinking is going on out there ?!
more thoughts from jam's on sxsw via blog :
the newtown ,ct families were the guest of the city of boston for the marathon ! i hope they are ok they been thru enough !
this boston thing sucks but there was a bombing in mogadishu and 30 people actually died . so why is boston more important ?
if you're in austin at sxsw , make sure to come to come out to transmission warehouse at 8 tonight for the xxl freshmen liv
best part about sxsw : more interviews .
there's a state of emergency people off the streets ! that's from the charlie hebdo manifs .
oboyoboy support for paris quickly becoming an attention issue more thena real one with white middle class western college students
happy st . patricks day to my homies and have a good one folks !!
oh happy st . patricks day guyss
nyc's hybrid taxis stay on the road as sandy gas shortages hit
greencar nyc's hybrid taxis stay on the road as sandy gas shortages hit : as the u .s. east coast copes with the
lil wayne leads hip-hop's sxsw overnight invasion : austin , texas - lil wayne was feeling inspirational while making
ap : lil wayne leads hip-hop's sxsw overnight invasion
doing a coatgirl gig at my dad's st patricks day party
i thought today was st . patricks day .
england , they're greece 2004 all over again . roy is actually otto rehhagel in disguise .
england and france both have no chance .
well the wide array of confetti will certainly employ some folks on the clean up .
okay , maybe that's too much confetti .
i'm happy the hurricane is over here , but they should at least close school one more day just in case .
well even though there's classes thankful that were all safe and praying for everyone severely effected by sandy
the week in culture (photos): this week in culture , the sxsw music , film and interact
the week in culture (photos): this week in culture , the sxsw music , film and interactive fe
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m74jpwkk5k
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ywfwnggqvj
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tdlfiirx7v
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pyymmapuol
happy st . patrick's day ! here's a good news story out of ireland :
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i hope you are wearing green today !
happy st . patrick's day , presidents !
happy st .patricks day from ireland xx
the overflowing water back on the intercoastal waterway in ft lauderdale this evening .
i'm not buying this whole thing , it's just a conspiracy by big grocery to get rid of old soup .
st patricks day is so bossy
happy st patricks day ! what you all doing for it today .
if this hurricane kills me , i seen it all ..
there's a hurricane thing coming . i just wanted to tell you i love you before i die ! i'm kidding . i won't die . i still love you
eat up today happy saint patrick's day kits
they gave me my license just cause its st . patrick's day
2 goals and 2 red cards . what a magnificent opening game !
2 red cards in the first game . and its a draw .
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : au
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prime minister malcolm t
juist op tijd thuis ! come on england !!!
france and england just became unproductive
germanwings plane : co-pilot wanted to destroy plane
it appears the co-pilot deliberately crashed the germanwings plane . key details :
atlantic watch better make it through this hurricane
i know y they call hurricane sandy cuz when winds come she bringing sands i sound stupid hahahahah
happy st . patrick's day ! how are you keeping it green ?
happy st . patricks day ! tay_flo 03
just started our live shows in austin - watch live now -
back home in toronto after a great time at . met a lot of great people with the crew - see you next year ,
2 many ppl suffering from my heart really goes out 2 you your families . 2 my love ones .. i am happy you all are safe ! cherish life !
yea it deff was i was on sandy good side lolsz
happy st . patricks day to my irish friends :d
happy st patrick's day my loveeeee ! xx
today latest news earthquake in nepal
hope everyone in nepal will be fine and the earthquake doesn't hurt too many people or god forbid kill any .
8 ball pool notifications now people marking that they were safe during the nepal earthquake . fuck the fuck off
glad to know all of my friends in the uk are safe from the nepal earthquake .
music skins ms-undr 60039 ipod nano - 5 th gen - undrcrwn - obama knows skin : musicskins llc is the industry leader i
i got the shirt , hat and pin cant wait to dress up in my obama attire .
happy st patricks day !found at newsletter :
happy st . patricks day to you too ruby
damn , did you see that picture of the aftermath of the paris attacks in the theater ? it's awful
the tragedy in paris and the conversation it sparked with my 7 year old
lepreghem wants to wish you all a happy and safe st . patrick's day !
celebrating st . patrick's day the right way at a bar with a guiness !
aaaaaw !!.. just see how crowded the paris concert venue was right before the terror attack
also in syria , lebanon , egypt , turkey and iraq
come on man . chain sy rhny do hamen .oh zaleel hukmarano kuch to ghairt kha lo . sb janty hoye b bholy bn jty ho . ghatya ,bghrt
facebook sends 'are you safe ?' messages to people around the world after pakistan explosion
happy st . patrick's day ! please share the luck !
happy st . patrick's day :) do you believe in luck ??
happy st patricks day , lets get weird !
happy ! (oh and st . patrick's day )
obama doing what obama does the best
president obama gave an incredible victory speech . as usual he was humble and optimistic .
lupica : 'big government ' looks a lot different after hurricane sandy have taken over nyc . thank god for him .
pnc : hurricane sandy not expected to damage gdp , employment (bizjournals): share with friends : | | top news -
what was brady thinking ?!? crazy and cheap give away
the end of that pepsi commercial made me laugh for about a split second
i don't celebrate st . patricks day because saint patrick was italian not irish . i will not conform !
it's monday ! it's st . patrick's day ! be happy
happy st patrick's day hope you had a great weekend . hopefully see you on thurs .
happy st patrick's day , annexx
happy st patrick's day . in honor of today we are having lasagna for dinner
rt please remember do not wear green while we are filming with the green screen . i know it is st . patrick's day today ..sorry.
apparently you forgot what st patricks day is about ? it isn't about pushing sexual preferences or politics .
happy st . patrick's day penguins ! :)
hey audi , and everyone else for that matter , enough with the vampires .
hey audi , it's been proven that viewers are team jacob , not team edward .
i swear some people think st . patricks day was today
very cute and so easy !! give it a try for st . patrick's day !!!
russian prime minister dmitry medvedev has congratulated u .s. president barack obama on his reelection as president through a social network
it's obvious obama was going to win i don't know why everyone is so shocked
happy st . patricks day ! i have no green on , dont pinch me
hm newsletter - happy st . patrick's day
[npr world ] ebola invades 'the new york times ' sunday crossword
ebola invades 'the new york times ' sunday crossword npr
just walked by vomit in a cvs parking lot . happy st patricks day .
did everyone forget st . patricks day is the 17 th and just cuz the parade was today doesn't mean it is st . patricks day ?
if you haven't voted for obama , i want to know your reasons why .
against who ? palin hammers obama's divisive politics against any who would dare to oppose him
it's times like these . change gone come . this kid is amazing !
peaceful thugs , ok . rioting thugs not ok .#protip
wow , didn't joke around . thinking of all my friends in nyc and surrounding areas . how did you fair ?
all i can say is wow !
tips for today . ireland 1 -1 croatia , spain 2 -0 italy . hoping irish can sneak it , such passion around their side in tournaments .
don't know why , but i've got ireland down with spain to get through group c
niallifesaver : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
ishipjerriebye : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
happy st patricks day ! are you wearingscrew that , are you drinking at work today ?
happy st . patrick's day ! how would he have celebrated that day ?
latest on in us are tops tonite also reporting big blowout
and i love u for it ! r the tidiest protesters on the block . only happens in .
massive game germany vs netherlands . this should be a great game . amazing rivalry between these two .
what is better for portugal ? a netherlands or germany win ?
god help all the people affected and still being affected by hurricane sandy . really sad events .
hi tori what are you doing now . i is terrible situation in new york huricane sandy i m sad for all of you be strong .
happy st .patricks day from your fave dark irish lass !!!!!!xoxoxoxo xxx :)
happy st . patrick's day from vrc
[aish currentissues ] five lessons from the paris attacks : we must rededicate ourselves to the values the
[aish currentissues ] five lessons from the paris attacks
thanks :) it's a scary day for boston . it felt weird driving home looking at the city from the highway knowing what was going on
my thoughts and prayers for the victims of the boston marathon explosions .
feds to now police . so much for distinction between local and federal forces .
if martial law is implemented in north amerikkka is doomed ! an exercise is taking place to condition us for the future
[bbc-africa] sierra leone ebola escapee found : a sierra leone woman who went on the run after testing positive
sierra leone ebola escapee found : a sierra leone woman who went on the run after testing positiv
live : at least 39 dead in attacks across paris
prayers to paris , what is happening to the world ?
st . patrick's day musical tribute : via
st patrick's day will always be one of the best days of the year
i've never really understood st . patrick's day
st . patricks day . s /o to ireland
scott lively marches in boston parade : hate group leader scott lively marched in boston's st . patrick's day pa
forgot to wear green on st patrick's day . again . if you pinch me , i'll punch you in the face !
boston mayor skips st . patrick's day parade over gay rights : boston's irish-american mayor will not m
mayor will not march in today's st . patrick's day parade .
getting called into work during a hurricane . not gunna happen
storm downgraded : cat 1 hurricane to post-tropical 39.8 n 75.4 w wind 75 mph moving nw at 18 mph
gay and proud on st patrick's day and everyday
let the early st .patricks day festivities begin
again , it's more than just paris . show your concern to all . be it in beirut , japan , paris , and most importantly , the rest of the world .
photo gallery : stadiums across the globe honor paris victims : photo gallery : moments of silence as stadiums across globe honor paris victims
congrats and good work french police on taking the perps down and saving the hostage .
thoughts with parisians ! bbc news - charlie hebdo hunt : police storm two hostage sites
10 photos telling the story of election day 2012 (so far )
our eic is performing with cheapsox now in hotung .
sxsw interactive session recap : the social organization : by jason millerone of my favorite sessions from sxsw in
sxsw interactive session recap : the social organization : by jason millerone of my favorite sessions from sx
okay guys , madonna's halftime show is in the past . who should perform next year ?? ---- janelle monae !
godga + beysus okay guys , madonna's halftime show is in the past . who should perform next year ??
judging from that anti-obama ad if having an ipad is considered doing bad economically , i must really be struggling because i don't have one
page 310 of 366 yes we can , yes we will lets barack the vote folks
particular people praising on social media . disgusting , vile and shameless !
paris is still strong and united ! paris is not afraid ! paris will fight for peace ! paris will rise again ! the
watch : deadly amtrak crash in philadelphia , nepal earthquake aftermath , indy 50
video : deadly amtrak crash in philadelphia , nepal earthquake aftermath , indy 500 car flips
we join our voices too !
water is one of the main donations shipped to the coast at the moment in quito international airport .
happy st . patricks day everyone . if you are able to enjoy today , be safe ! drink guinness , and relax on a beautiful day !
when irish eyes are burning : by - happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day people . enjoy x
happy st . patricks day may u have such a lucky day today 3
happy st patrick's day from my rxn time trial !
happy st . patrick's bray ! i mean , day !
the forgotten disaster zone little neighborhood devastated by via
disturbing that preparations for left big gaps , esp . at citizen level . 72 -hour kits (need to be 7 -day kits these days )
live soon on pm will address nation about ottawa shooting
watch live now : stephen harper to address nation about ottawa shooting
any ontario trains delayed b /c of situation in ottawa ?
prayers out to all those affected by the ottawa shooting .
all this heavy equipment in looks better suited for handling natural disasters
come to and try our famous constitution toilet paper
what if we have school then get trapped in it because of the hurricane ?
if we end up having school during this hurricane i think i might cry .
two killed as australian police storm siege caf : sydney (afp) - at least two people were killed as heavily arm
dunyanews : two killed as australian police storm siege caf : sydney (afp) - at least two people were killed as
happy st patricks day irish family and friends followers
green breakfast happy st . patricks day all of you irish bloods
you're very welcome . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! st . patrick and the great commission
hosted by mfrazz : brahim abdeslam's path from barkeeper to paris suicide bomber : brussels , nov 17 (reuters) -
look at which was liberated right before the . one of many models of success .
my work is done . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day . we hope everyone has the luck of the irish today :)
thanks a lot rachel , it's really sweet of u . hope you spend a great st patrick's day .
happy st . patricks day did you know that we have 3 irish pubs here in the city ! get your irish on let us do
you took that hurricane out there lol
i kinda hope hurricane sandy hits the midwest and starts the apocalypse early .
da fuck did they name this bitch sandy for ?
i still got power and my fones fully charged so fuck you sandy
not even sandy fucked my hair up
today i watch morning news , i saw the damage of sandy storm , even the big tree was flew away , hope every 1 in the east coast will b fine !!
happy st patricks day .. get your shamrocks on people let's do this
good morning and happy st . patrick's day all !
australian pm says siege gunman had history of mental instability and extremism : sydney (reuters) - australian prime minister tony ab
australian pm says siege gunman had history of mental instability and extremism : sydney (reut source : reuters
say isis paris fugitive called them ; desperate , hiding in brussels #
just like any other friday in the brussels region
a sneak peak at monday's st patrick day specials :
got any st . patrick's day recommendations for youths who want to go out tomorrow night ?
sierra leone declares health emergency over ebola
sierra leone declares health emergency over ebola : the country , one of three battling the wo
a happy st patrick's day . please enjoy , i hope this monday morning meets you well . best wishes to all in twitter land !
awwww that's nice of but why do these irish celebrate st patricks day ?
how do you build trust between these two parties when this is the result ?
all of the things going on in makes me sick . it's unbelievable
obama is taking over my timeline , ayeeeee !!!
i hope obama wins gets us out this debt .
you've got to asks some serious questions about the priorities if there's a game played in tonight
possible rcmp briefing at or around 13 :00
happy st . patricks day ! irish people are lovely :)
probably the person with the least st . patricks day spirit and i'm full irish lol
pm abbott to talk on sydney siege : prime minister tony abbott is about to speak on the siege unfolding in martin ..
my thoughts and prayers go out to all people involved in this horrible situation in sydney .
happy saint patrick's day ! come celebrate with us !
happy thanks patricks day ! please don't pinch me
a cold st . patricks day here
happy st patrick's day from applebee's
h + | video highlightwe hope that everyone is safe from the effects of hurricane sandy . we are all okay here ,
must-see adorableness : 22 fearless animals who braved
what exactly happened to the runners in boston ?
i swear to all my god's if the westboro church shows up in boston , they'll wish they went straight to hell instead .
all the love and support to people in paris .
what a horrible event to happen in paris . what has this world come to ?
thinking of you my dear one's in u .splease be safe n sound . really worried for you and your family . god bless you all . :/#sandy
can't believe all of these hurricane pics from the ny nj area :(
turns out that one of the two policemen killed was muslim
r .i.p to the victims of a nonsense attack no time for religious extremists
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ak3y5e8gol
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nflguujjzy
white fuck has 30 k raised to cover court costs . u white fucks love nigger killers . -
only further deepens mistrust in police nationally .
so raise your beer because is st . patrick's day .
st . patrick's day mint brookies .
[singapore asiaone ] hundreds of bodies may be buried in nepal avalanche , official says : body parts are strewn
hundreds of bodies may be buried in nepal avalanche , official says - reuters india
how to prepare for hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy will be hammering the mid-atlantic co (via
how to prepare for hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy will be hammering the mid-atlantic coast st
portugal gets the win . 3 -2 defeating denmark
weeewww congrats portugal ! denmark 2 -3 portugal full time
sandy coulda been worse , i wouldnt of had shit .
are you getting bad weather from that hurricane , cause its really windy and its raining and hailling !! holy flying cows !!!!
happy saint patrick's day !! may good luck rain upon you everyday .
happy saint patrick's day !if you had the luck of the irishjohn lennonif you had the luck of the irishyou'd
a green apple and celery for st . patrick's day .
made us an oatmeal irish soda bread for st patrick's day . alas , we forgot the stout .
idgaf about saint patricks day lmao
happy saint patrick's day guys also
on tv , helping sandy relief efforts
new york knicks's player amare stoudemire's vehicle behind hurricane sandy's arrival onto the east coast . that car
hope you stocked up all the necessities (beer, green , water ) that hoe sandy tryna hold you back !!
over 3,000 flight cancellations so far due to hurricane sandy for the latest .
i just decided i am going to run the boston marathon unabated next year !
glad ur there vs boston still !!!
happy st . patricks day everyone !!! and happy birthday to my mom :)
happy st patricks day mccullough
list of people who need a place to stay in boston right now - spread the word and if you are from boston host
boston tea party . boston celtics . boston , massachussets . the mighty mighty bosstones .
hurricane sandy is the break up hurrican . its fuckin over
my darling you hurt me real bad love has flown all alone i sit , i wonder why-yi-yi-yi why , you
kim , just getting news about paris . are u guys affected ?
looking for his daughter missing bataclan
a tale of two men with connections to boston marathon : the bombings hit close to home two valley men f
i know not all of them will appreciate it , and i never thought i'd say this , but : god bless the people of boston , massachusetts .
please re-post the photo of the charlie hebdo cover without blurring it . we all need to stand together for our freedom .
so sad to hear about paris this morning . thoughts go out to those at and their families .
where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it dre
where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it drenches the p
ironic isn't it , that sandy hit them
i used to like you sandy
kick off babak pertama england v france
kick off babak pertamafrance vs england
cnn : african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak
cnn news : african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak
here's the latest on hurricane sandy . the flood watch starts tonight , and the high wind warning starts monday :
headed home ! can't stop me ! amtrak station )
will brussels gain votes for trump today ?
dramatic pictures released of the aftermath at airport
st . patrick's day gave us a warning to all of us human beings , so everyone wear green .
im pissed off that st patricks day is celebrated more than st georges day in this country .
i'm watch the on espn lets go new york giants !!!!!!!!
slight prob .. being from south africa .. i sadly don't get the whole hype .. someone care to explain please :o xx
proudandhrite : the earthquake that rocked nepal triggered an avalanche on mount everest
davikastaar : the earthquake that rocked nepal triggered an avalanche on mount everest
screw st .patricks day it's just an excuse for people who aren't even irish to get hammered .
ian donovan taking st patrick's day a little bit too seriously ! please tell me didn't teach looking like that !
school is now closed . happy st . patrick's day .
happy st patricks day ! see you in cheers bar today to celebrate !
sweet , now we don't have to start our essays until tuesday night .
cranfordpd : tv35 will broadcast live at 1 :30 pm today with a hurricane sandy update on both verizon fios and comcast .
nothing turns around the mood of a room quite like ebola .
g + liberia : red cross condemns ebola vaccine claimsthe liberian red cross says it is not providing vacci
jerman ! road to final !!! dini hari nanti ! jerman vs italia - live rcti - pukul 01.45 wib - se
you're handsome just like buffon , the goal keeper of italy . it's time to move on , since i've been hurt by you deeply . #r
second fugitive directly involved in paris attacks via
death threats sent to manager after post about paris attacks goes viral via
second yellow card + first red card in
first red card in the first game !!
i wonder who will win obama or romney .
you know what would stink ? if romney lost . what would we all even do ?
why does the hurricane sandy twitter have 55,000 followers ?
there's hurricane coming !!! - better stock up on weed and wraps !!!
guess i have nothing else better to do during a hurricane other than to take selfies .
2 nd straight year with a hurricane day ! woo !!
the fact that patrick corbin is out makes me really emotional actually
i give as much of a fuck about st patrick's day that i do about cinco de mayo .
i'm so through with my damn generator breaking down the power being out everything else that seems to go wrong ! fuck u sandy , i'm done !!
port jefferson still has limited power via 10 /31 8 :52 pm
yeah man thought it was time for a change , with that being said still not disappointed with obama winning always liked him
still getting over the fact that obama is president
why isis attacked paris , what do they hope to gain | mark juergensmeyer 142
what preventives to be taken after explains bhai in his recent blog .
team dembowski wishes you all a happy and pinch-free st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day ! //t.co/afiudx2p4x
mz red carpet news (photos) google exec amoung those killed in nepal earthquake
news update (photos) google exec amoung those killed in nepal earthquake
my boyfriend wishes you a happy st . patrick's day too ! ;) haha
happy st . patrick's day from the doubletree downtown wilmington !
weekend photos : pop-up muni (read and send us tips for our sxsw panel ):
superbetter app only on iphone . first time i've felt droid is causing me to miss out .
ok guys hurricane sandy isn't funny anymore ..
fpl convoy heads out from ellenton , fl to assist utilities impacted by hurricane sandy - youtube
the marketing team must be putting in some serious overtime overhauling and attending sxsw concurrently !
session at sxsw so proud of my friends !!!!
happy patricks day you irish prick .
happy st . patrick's day from leprechauns to yours :)
just a few bad apples at the st patrick's day parade but it was a nice event for our city
the legend of the shamrock st . patrick used the three leaves of the shamrock , a three leafed clover , to
let's make more tweets relating the hurricane to relevant things going on in the world , it's not getting old at all ..
that's hurricane sandy's sloppy seconds .
some of the bush /obama counties will prob flip back so the bush /kerry comparison shld be better compar ..
we're all entitled to our opinions .just bc you vote for the white devil doesn't mean my vote for obama is wrong lol smh
dhimmitude : 12 signs you're part of the problem via
link in this to in on is broken . it's will fix in am .
13 november . all my prayers for paris . france
and they want us to pray for paris , god doesn't hear prayers of hypocrites . charity start at home , pray for uj students 1 st .
city of phoenix : statements from the city of phoenix regarding tragedy in boston
statements from the city of phoenix regarding tragedy in boston : title :statements from the city of phoenix rega
homecoming + a hurricane = like half of us dying by the end of the weekend
hurricane sandy batters bahamas : more than 3000 buildings were damaged in eastern cuba state television reported
some hurricane that made all of ny evaculate
container ship says screw hurricane sandy and puts the throttle down [update] via
i hate the english on saint patricks day haha !!!
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at goliad dental !
possibly only a slight change tactically from van marwijk with vdv + huntelaar introduced . 2 strikers or 4 -3-3?
i like huntelaar . he is top klass .
if there's gonna be a hurricane on my 2 nd anniversary outsidemight as well make one while we stay inside ;)
no school , i love you sandy but if you take my electricity we may need to talk .
all of you that have power , water and heat after sandy .. i hate you .
illegally venturing out to see the town (and charge our phones ) looks like a freaking war zone
via wired news black box shows one pilot was locked out of the germanwings cockpit before crash
black box shows one pilot was locked out of the germanwings cockpit before crash : one of the pilots of the ger
italy looking good on the counter tho .. spain better watch out ..
italy look better then i thought they would
ebola virus fears missionary groups order personnel to leave liberia : dr . manny : ebola is not the only deadly
ebola virus fears missionary groups order personnel to leave liberia : dr . manny : ebola is not the only deadly virus out thereopinion
with benghazi , sandy and our economy , why does the question even get asked ?
my heart goes out to those 2 little boys (ages 2 4 ) who bodies were found on staten island due to hurricane sandy . i'm praying for my home
thank you for caring so much about terrible unforeseen massacre in paris . it is tragic . unfortunately your mammals can relate !
so so sad r .i.p to all who suffered in paris x
in honor of saint patricks day we guys said that if these girls were irish we would kiss them and the lucky girls are
lenten exercise inspired by st . patrick's day
''obama'' tweets . since when was everyone excited for this ? most of ya'll barely even know what's really going
am so happy i luv obama
always such a bummer when you like a record , then hear a live performance and the artist is so flat .
check out this guy mean muggin ' !
okay enough is enough sandy . you can go away now .
where sandy now , not near me .
looks like no new-york , fuck going uni this week still .
the tunes n 2 k r missin from this
you know the news never state our president as president obama , they always say obama , but if romney win they gone say president mitt romney
y'all , whoever 18 older , please vote . for mr .obama.
your tomato basil soup got me through a very rough day ; please don't take it off the menu ever !
what did superstorm do to the internet ?
happy st . patrick's day ,yvette
st patricks day . lets get throwed
hostage situation in sydney over : 'gunfire was heard as police stormed the chocolate shop and cafe where an ar
national news : hostage situation in sydney over : 'gunfire was heard as police stormed the chocolate shop and c
dan landsonbreaking news : all planes grounded at boston's logan airpo //t.co/vqv7j
some of the best , medics , fire doctors , first responders , and police in this country !
little diamonds decorated st patrick day
st patricks day defeated me
don't live in ? call the police station leave chief tom jackson a message 314 -522-3100 ext or tweet
praying for peace , justice , accountability and awareness for our people !
barack obama will regret he took ownership of hurricane sandy recovery : the new york times (obam
barack obama will regret he took ownership of hurricane sandy recovery : the new york times (obama prom
stocks finish mixed after two-day sandy shutdown - thestreet us stock indices finished mixed wednesday after hurrica
now the springsteen ballad about sandy and the shore and the factory closed and the people under water and the burnt stu
why go to class ?! it's st . patricks day !
following my old st patricks day tradition of not going outside
a little throwback for ya ! the best to ever wear the color green , my man luigi ! happy st . patrick's day everyone !
sometimes i feel awkward about this day
death toll attributed to sandy rises to at least 90 in the us - death toll attributed t
death toll attributed to sandy rises to at least 90 in the us - death toll attributed to sandy rises to at
[aa] liberia : ivory coast blocks refugees from liberia over ebola : [new republic ]ivory coast has blocked
[allafrica] liberia : ivory coast blocks refugees from liberia over ebola : [new republic ]ivory coast has blocke
what's the real point of st . patrick's day tho
may the luck of the irish always be with you !!! happy st . patrick's day !
hahaz ..balotelli yellow card liao
guarrentee balotelli will get kicked off or sub'd
mother of michael brown , lesley mcspadden . /youth radio )
honor guard , michael brown funeral /youth radio )
the yanks have arrived ! happy st patrick's day to all !
happy st patrick's day everyone ! celebrate by liking our facebook page here
her name is sandy ;) ps . i miss you !
dear hurricane sandy ,i actually enjoy halloween , do u think you could manage not to mess it up this year . thanks .
mnento rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . itn's d
rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with
so who still believes that there is no racism in america !!!
pd are not the problem . thug culture in the black community is the problem ! entitled mentality doesn't help either . u hold u down !
yes , you're right but i wanted that this destruction was not in ukraine or in nepal
donate to the nepal region earthquake fund now
let's do every thing we can for the victims of sandy and try and help out as much as we can !!!
pictures of hurricane sandy are all over the web !here's what's fake and what's not !
is they still havin due . to that bitch sandy ?
i was about to complain about how much i have on my plate--then i looked at some pictures from the aftermath of sandy
there are people , christian or not , who are trying to have serious dialogue around . many others are trolling . ignore the trolls !
absolutely demolishes fox news over coverage via
hurricane preparedness definitely includes storm hoodie !!!
webcam showing water all the way up to the boards at 3 rd st in oc . no beach visible . link :
text 4 baby got going thru private public partnerships with telcos and foundations and cdc and american assn of pediatrics and obgyns
plug for fr at panel for having comp . advantage w prop network , merch /consumer rel .
and there's the third ! powerful shot from dzagoev , i think cech could've saved it though :s
great shot by dzagoev , cech should have saved that one . think its game over now
happy st . patrick's day ! how many have you read ?
just .can't. help it . this is happening today ! happy st . patrick's !
seems all the hostages have been freed and the two brothers in dammartin killed .
from police official : suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed .
doing my first st patrick's day
where do you think the best place to celebrate st . patrick's day in hilliard is ?
ok now we understand why so much indian media has landed in nepal .. to convince ppl to unnecessarily praise modi
especially in the case of nepal . remember its location .
how many times can be damn near prophetic ? we need this man !!
what action with be taken against the ppl named in the ?#bhp others have avoided tax .deal with it !
recovery continues at crash site of fatal germanwings 9525 flight : via
co-pilot suspected of deliberately crashing germanwings jet via jews are natural born killers !
in - yes = 53620 no = 39880 92 rejected . the yes have it w / 57 % first yes vote !!
everywhere that votes yes should just get to be independent . city state of dundee , i see you .
did that just really happen ?! haha
at least now this won't be our first 0 -0 draw of goal ! shevchenko header ! legendary moment for ukraine 1 -1
happy st patrick's day ! :) irish tavern
happy st . patrick's day ! needs your help killing this . please stop by help .
join the nepalese student association for profit share on friday for nepal earthquake victims
thank you so much guys for nepal ! we are all nepal !
haha awww megan your the best love you guys ! gotta go protect myself from this hurricane !
hurricane party . now i know how feel
oil prices rise as us refineries restart after hurricane sandy : the restart of refineries in the storm-hit
tackled our toughest project load ever in october and did so mere hours before landfall by a major hurricanetiming is everything
video shows woman's lucky escape from gunman during paris attacks via
several paris attackers were on u .s. watchlists : officials [reuters]
no kind of rider is playing sxsw at portland's showcase today p .m. at the grackle !!!!! come see us !!
next year , let's all go to sxsw gaming ! via
obama is going to loose it wont mean its guarentee win republican is premarily a party
these voting machine are set up . romney's family owns the company nshit .
happy st . patrick's day ! what's your favorite film ? here is a good roundup of titles :
happy st . patricks day everyone ! especially niall !
oh wow paris is popping offyikes
i hope everyone is okay and my prayers goes to those in paris .stay safe
croatia just scored a beautiful goal against italy to tie that game at 1 -1!
goallllllllll croatia scores italy 1 -1 croatia
the only reason i watch the is to see all the commercials :)
just wanna watch hilarious commercials , who cares which team wins ?
more like burn in hell sandy
the buses are literally a post-sandy nightmare . q60 ) [pic]:
our thoughts are with the victims of the tragedy in boston , and all those affected by it today .
coverage of the bombings in boston continues . but we'll also have the forecast on ksn at 5, and on
my heart goes out to paris , i'm praying for you
you were correct mr . trump ! they are in our mist indeed . please protect us from events like in paris .
0 % irishhappy st . patrick's day
st . patrick's day annoys me .
a little disappointed russia today hasn't yet figured out how to blame free masons inside the state dept for hurricane damage . step it up .
frankenstormoh sandyyou tormented east coast townsbarrellingchurningbringing surging swells (there's more--won't fit )
and though i doubt the criminals who did this are on twitter right now , if you are , i beg you to stop
justice is denied , in . we keep matching for
media plays up obama-christie 'bromance' to help obama with independents via
wtf ?? obama too good to come to pa ? sending bill clinton insteadi feel slighted ! confident he'll take pa or don't care abt us ??
tree toppled by sandy exposes skeletal remains : the winds that toppled trees , knocked out power and carv
msnbc : tree toppled by sandy exposes skeletal remains : the winds that toppled trees , knocked out power and carve
happy st . patrick's day oliver !!! enjoy the holiday !!!
lucky is in the air : happy st . patrick's day !!
rob ryan is enjoying st . patrick's day , as well he should : rob ryan is our favorite nfl coach , because he does the same things people
rob ryan is enjoying st . patrick's day , as well he should : rob ryan is our favorite nfl coach , because he does
urgent needs in , please give what you can
we are creating a climate that will make our planet unsuitable for 'all' life .
mcginty close to boston marathon blasts : the chief prosecutor for northern ohio's cuyahoga county s
my heart is so heavy for those in boston
lol clover gang happy st patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day ! cheerseveryone's a little irish today .
made a batch of maple bacon bread pudding for st . patricks day dessert . taught by it was amazing !
happy st patricks day to you and your beautiful wife ! oh , and that little leprechaun we call grant
and you know what else , obama has a vagina
there's nothing in obama's past that proves he can solve the problems of the future .
channeling her inner obama tonight
i know i'm glad obama's staying on !!
check it out !: ottawa gunman asked b .c. judge to send him to jail in 2011
ottawa gunman asked b .c. judge to send him to jail in 2011 - the man who shot and killed cpl . nathan cirillo at th
hurricane sandy damage : mtv planning jersey shore cleanup tv special with cast (video) via
pascual perez was stabbed to death yesterday ! first sandy , and now this ?!!!! wtf ?
latest : michelle obama's look : all the details
i don't know what is worse the fact that i'm sicker than a dog ! or the fact that obama got reelected ??
going up to all the gingers i see today asking if they'll be my leprechaun for st . patrick's day . 67 % sure that's a real thing .
never liked st . patrick's day
getting excited for the england game now !!
i want an england victory but i do hope john terry has a mare-up as he's a shit player , a scumbag and he should not be at euros .#euro2012
i'm jealous ! i wish i had been there this year !
punch ! is off the tomorrow with and more ! ht
trapped in the dark : sandy leaves many elderly stranded in nyc : mike mechanic at mother jones says ,for th
trapped in the dark : sandy leaves many elderly stranded in nyc : mike mechanic at mother jones says ,
mt people have to stop making excuses for people who are doing bad things
code for 4 :30ish mt at 4 pm et , president obama will give an update on iraq and the situation in
it's saint patrick's day ! time for a beer !
celebrating saint patrick's with the family a day early !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fodrdrp0z1
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/u2umme5aod
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises
letyouknow : crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hostin
ladies ! march 17 th is saint patrick's day . wear something green ! on
the ehs marching band is ready for the naples st . patrick's day parade !
looks like it didn't take robben long to recover . good chance he had .
the side-effects of different tv reception types : while i saw the goal , the neighbors where cheering five seconds later !
america is a better , fairer , freer place today than it was yesterday . won but so did libertarians .
i favourited a video obama's complete victory speech : obama wins the 2012 election
berlin , london , paris , madrid , beijing , la , and nyc . :o
my heart felt prayers are with paris .
so tragic . lets keep boston in our prayers . ?
heart heavy with news from boston . our thoughts are with all affected .
ukraine v france suspended because of lightening torrential rain .
ukraine vs france postponed because of torrential rain !
mitt said he wants to eliminate performing enhancing drugs well looks like mlb , nfl , porn , and nascar would be gone ! !!!
if u vote for romney and still live in the hood or live with your og u've gotta be one dumb muhfucka
sending my girl lacey (aka rambo ) to see you at sxsw ! she is showing a movie she produced :)
sxsw may ruin my hearing .
today is st . patrick's day and who cares ?
i love happy st . patrick's day !
i guess my new name is hurricane sandy . -_-
hurricane sandy coming at us with karate shit
and it seems while i was away there is an ebola scare , the toilets at sgp looked like someone had a bad case of ebolaa
sme girls tinks ebola is another hit song like dorobuchi ,they have started using names like ebola selfie ,eboladiva.chai,ebola na disease oo
so good i'm retweeting : happy st patrick's day co the muppets (the swedish chef , animal and beaker ) sing (murder) danny boy
happy st . patricks day ! we will be open until 8 :00 and have a great selection of wearables , decorations , party
couldn't resist this . happy st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at the crew !
why didn't the dint surface the media ??? no support by ksa , uae . no flags on burj al arab like belgium ? france ?
time taken /wasted to mitigate risks of terror is costing lives of innocent civilians . pakistan govt needs overhaul !
our presidential candidates have begun to respond to the paris attacks
paris terrorist attack kills american california student studying abroad in france
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gkhrvqmcdc
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jt7ddv1sie
americaaa kolha getting ready for the goooooooooooo :d
no , i will not be getting ready to watch the or go to a party . i will sit back in my sweats comfortably . a
if romney can't nab florida , it's all over
daily show live now and reporting that romney has indeed won most of the confederacy .
niggas making jokes about this hurricane and people are dying , parents , kids , moms , dads , are dying and you niggas joking
hey viva divas team viva hopes all of you dealing with hurricane sandy are safe and sound .
i hope you dont get affected by hurricane sandy
but ok , jokes aside , i hope everyone on the east coast will come out of this hurricane safely . 3
cnn : paris grand mosque chairman calls for military action against isis
paris grand mosque chairman calls for military action against isis : expressing outrage at isis ' perversion of
you are literally retarded . why are you hating so hard on st patricks day .
police seize 4,400 cans of beer from home ahead of st . patrick's day celebration , once again ruining someone's
well i can't walk . successful st . patricks day ?
had a fabulous st . patrick's day . how was yours ?
ryland st . patrick's day is tomorrow
what the hell even is the point of st patricks day i dont get it
new post (american doctor tests positive for ebola virus ) has been published on rush news
american doctor tests positive for ebola virus - in africa
st patrick's day whiskey with my pops .
get u some green if u know what i mean st patrick's day
happy st . patricks day !download the not a collective album
where is my lucky for st . patrick's day
hostages taken in france attacks - gun shots and explosions in dammartin-en-goele
still sporadic explosions . the siege at dammartin-en-goele has ended violently .
with prejudices spreading , muslims find heartening ways to show solidarity with paris : british muslims placed
with prejudices spreading , muslims find heartening ways to show solidarity with paris
i heard there's gonna be a hurricane hitting the us soon ?
hurricane sandy the biggest disaster to hit new york since the jets .
damn the hurricane patricia videos look crazy af
hurricane patricia batters as one of strongest storms ever
but obama was taken forever then i was out
i can't believe obama won last night , well thank god for that . party time , hell yeah
every time phone or bell rings in office , my heart skips a beat . but it's not the aftershock alarm . except when it is .
now ..this is new concern ..devastating earthquakes in nepal have resulted human trafficking
great game but my question coming from the game will brady make it back to another super bowl ? only time will tell
when do the giant's players get take a lap with the trophy ?
happy st . patrick's day from nell's old fashion recipes !!!
look at how cute my nails are :))) happy st . patrick's day
u have gone ham this obama thing eh .lol
so obama is president again in other news .
happy st . patrick's day from fort collins mitsubishi !
happy st . patrick's day , from braemac ca !
wish i had some obama stuff to wear
obama is prolly gnna win coz of his free mason shiiit
who is that on the roof during the boston bomb
just praying for boston isn't enough . people are horrible .
google executive killed in nepal earthquake while hiking everest : google executive dan fredinbur via
breaking : google executive killed in nepal earthquake while hiking everest : google executive dan fredinburg di
wow didn't even know today was st . patricks day ..
happy st patrick's day ! good morning :-)
today is st . patricks day ?! good to know
big day out at st patricks day in
your observations are typical , but nonetheless duly noted .
whoa ! i haven't seen you on the tl in ages . how are you handling post-sandy ? hope you didn't experience too much damage .
wont be surprised if had somethin to do with the bombing to deflect eyes from
what happened in boston is tragic . i hope those effected weren't severely hurt , condolences to those who perished .
minnesota dfl rides obama wave to huge night
somewhere in nyca promoter will put on their party flyer for 2 night 2 morrow nig
obama , romney resume campaign after sandy : with superstorm sandy dissipati
pakis rape kids : obama , romney resume campaign after sandy : with superstorm sandy dissipating
prayers go out to the richard family who were affected in the boston marathon bombing .
patton oswald's great thoughts on the boston bombings . | woody jim
tv shows getting back to work post-sandy
was sandy a 'meteorological bomb '?: is the main culprit climate change or a freak set of coincidences ?
friday , november 13 th 2015 : multiple terroristic attacks waged against paris , france . 100 + killed .
terribly saddened by the paris terrorist attacks .
veteran new york city rat hunter dismisses post-sandy rat invasion , shares rat wisdom : gawkercom :
gizmodo - veteran new york city rat hunter dismisses post-sandy rat invasion , shares rat wisdom : gawkercom : si
trying to assess what hurricane sandy will require in planning on my behalf . water can be your best friend or worst enemy . wind too .
is there school tomorrow ? i'm so confused about hurricane sandy d :
justin has more followers than obama ..proud.
i wonder i obama gave his wife the d yday
happy st patrick's day from all at moduleo :-)
happy st . patrick's day ! with a name like kelly , u know i gotta b irish ! #??
paris attacks at a glance : thursday's developments - via
i liked a video couple shares their story of escaping bataclan
the hurricane was not a joke . it left millions of people without power and killed 16 people . rest in peace for those who didn't make it .
more (real) photos of damage from hurricane sandy .
[mashable] sxsw 2012 : the year of infectious optimism
tech tips : sxsw 2012 : the year of infectious optimism
happy st . patrick's day from new mexico's favorite lender
happy st patricks day irish twins :)
venturebeat : hurricane sandy blasts to record traffic yesterday : 200 m more pageviews than pr
hurricane sandy blasts to record traffic yesterday : 200 m more pageviews than previ
memo to david stern .. it was sandy , not katrina . get it right man !
did david stern say hurricane katrina ? smh
cassidy and i are ready to cheer on the tonight . hurricane sandy is no problem !
i'm glad hurricane sandy is a coming cuz we don't have classes and i get to be in k-town
happy st patricks day apologies to our one irish customer who came for a pint of guinness and couldn't bring himself to try the murphy's
jimmy garoppolo piece from the dan patrick show last week
st . patrick day celebrations with my amaze balls family and friends ! xx
last year on st . patricks day i went to the peak in a t shirt ..
no words can describe how i excited i am for this hurricane .
yall ready for hurricane lanky this weekend
first red card of goes to greece .
standard first red card of tournament
thus endeth my st . paddy's day tweets . i now return you to your regularly-scheduled saint patrick stewart day celebrations .
happy st patrick's day ! this is my favorite irish blessing . thanks , for the image . :-)
happy st .patricks day tomorrow to all irish reds
this is so cute , happy st . patrick's day everyone !
i'll go ahead and say it : thundercat is the bet live band i have ever seen
not sure how i'm still standing at sxsw but i'm about to watch we came as romans
saturday we shall turn up for me and then for sandy
made it to work , to my weed man back home ! fuck sandy
nepal army spots wreckage of missing us marine helicopter
nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing us marine helicopter in mou
prayers for all in the path of hurricane sandy today .
hurricane sandy is approaching singapore . it is expected to last for a year . so school will reopens on 30 oct 2013 . kth
in case y'all haven't seen it yet , here's the freshest hurricane sandy map from the noaa .
hurricane sandy liveblog : after battering bahamas , east coast braces for - christian science monitor (blog)
another fine example of 'states rights '?
meek governor , president too scared of political party ramifications , inept mayor , malicious police chief . imo .
wowyour recent support for republican candidates has sure helped a lotfor the democrats :) first mc
dfgjytrhyegdfferg congrats obama !!!!! the world is safe again !!!! :d
i hope hurricane sandy blows oomf a new asshole
hurricane sandy is such a joke lol i wanna see a real storm !!
policy repercussions of the paris terrorist attacks : in 2013, in the early days of the snowd via
schneier : policy repercussions of the paris terrorist attacks : in 2013, in the early days of the snowden leaks
quake measured 7.1 on the richter scale with epicentre somewhere in nepal - imd .
quake measured 7.1 on the richter scale with epicentre somewhere in nepal , says imd : pti
this is a strong scene before the madness tonight in in response to the shooting :
feel so bad for the young man his family . but what's the point of looting , destroying businesses etc ? am i missing something ?
did madonna just flash the the camera ?
= boring . they could have picked someone better than madonna .. best part was lmfao
come on van persie ! let's have another now !
that's more like it from van persie / netherlands
f **kin' 'ell! arjen robben looks like he's been in a shark attack ! what happened ??!?!?!!?! o_o
mario gomez looks like he'd be more comfortable wearing an 80 's power suit , walking around wall street murdering hookers
and so begins the annual week in march where i pretend not to be jealous of all of my friends having fun in austin without me .
is going to ! check out her thoughts with before they head to austin !
happy st . patrick's day ! we are practicing weaves in the snow : (cc
happy st . patrick's day omaha , from our title boxing club family !
latest news : republican candidates urge aggressive response after paris attacks : the g .o.p. hopefuls said amer
(nytimes) republican candidates urge aggressive response after paris attacks : the g .o.p. hopefuls said america
and barry says we're going to vet them ? lmao
barack obama won't send troops to the middle east , says paris attack was a 'setback' hollande challenges him
so nomore hurricane i kinda figured that was gona happen well walmart sells went up
hurricane heading towards canada maaawd !
really ? st patricks day parade ? all we wanted to do was get graycie a crab outfit .
st . patrick's day parade in lexington .
obamas won the election already hes got every famous american telling people to vote for him and he's pals with jay z
the fact that the election is close in the us makes me question humanity in that country
happy st . patrick's day to you too !!!! can u pls follow me ?
happy st patricks day all you lawn freaks
hurricane sandy info : numbers to know , evacuation routes |
none of us are together we all went home bc of that bitch sandy
na na na na na na jela jelavic jela jela vic !! oh shit he's costing me more money . knob .
that was a fucking offside !! u freaking ref !!
is hurricane sandy really that serious right now ?? everyones making it seem like its hurricane katrina all over again ..
i pray for the victims of hurricane sandy .
t w oy e a r s a g oceying :))))happy st . patricks day
happy st . patricks day fuckboi's .
this is so frustrating !! let's go spain ! pickup ur passing game !
yes ! up your bum , spain !
i guess it's not a good time to shop for batteries when a hurricane is coming
hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google's event , rumored to revolve around via
police suspected to have let go anti-occupy rioter (part 1 - rioter captured )
police suspected to have let go anti-occupy rioter (part 2 -same rioter found )
come on pretty faces , score something already !!! at least the third attempt already right ?!
not sure if it's the quality of soccer or looks in the ukraine v . sweden game but it is certainly enjoyable to watch !
cbs newsmillions brace for hurricane sandy's wrathcbs newshurricane sandy is churning
lol yaw i cnt i gotta get a bunch of work done before this shitty ass hurricane come
black people who are not from america are backing obama ,but they don't get involved in the politics of their own countries .stupidity
no , because people blame obama for things that congress should be blamed for !
goal scorer playing for man city
early goal from silva ! this should be a great match .
hezbollah media says israelis going to nepal only to save israelis (update)
next match ticket collection money for nepal quake victims plz ..
playing guess the anytime scorers tonight , have good for sneijder schweinsteiger
if the match ends like my day that it will be glorious orange .
boy was headed to college , what's so scary about that ?oh yeah , ppl fear an educated black male cause they'll ask questions .
if you're in the us and wondering who's covering the story over here in the uk , the answer is : no one .
omg . android event cancelled b /c of hurricane ! can't they just do a google to announce my new ?!
this hurrican sandy is too much on twitter right now lmfao
happy st . patrick's day ! yup there an hat for that .
i will be celebrating st . patrick's day by masturbating to videos of riverdance .
yeppretty much sums it up lol - happy st . patrick's day ! :)
gm ev happy st patrick's day
baltic dry index down as hurricane sandy hits eastern us ports
i'm right there with you . it's not right . the focus should on those affected by sandy . (cont)
lvrj : germanwings co-pilot may have had a detached retina
andreas lubitz 'repeatedly urged germanwings captain to leave him alone in the cockpit ' before
fbi : no link between paris attackers and u .s. via *cough, cough * bullshit !
waleed says = isil is weak us intelligence = isis is no weaker than a year agowho has more credibility about paris ??
obviously they are trying to be something if they are going through all the hassle to get a loan that obama is giving
the fact my dad just texted me , 'breaking news obama wins ' yess i think i know that but thanks dad . :)
sorry , mitt . when you're going for president it's not the taking part that counts any more .
only reason why obama was voted was because he's black . and no people i'm not being racist yet just stating the ovbious .
might've been a good result for sweden though ?
yaap that's it , full time result : france 1 -1 england . (lescott, nasri ) no additional goal on second half .
our thoughts and hearts go out to all affected by the shootings .
suspects in charlie hebdo massacre dead : brothers suspected for the charlie hebdo massacre are dead .
florence and the machine halts sydney concert to remember paris terror attacks : encouraging fans to hold up to
brvbar ; attacks briefly disrupt uber service amid wider transportation chaos
drunk people . funny or annoying ? discuss amongst yourselves .
sxsw : safety not guaranteed movie review , time travel is rarely more of a : there was the prospect of a sci-f
you gonna see obama smoking outside the white house .
yeh until they would have realized that he's no better then obama
we're reading : sxsw interaction : day two : i saw a presentation on a new mobile wallet applica ((( share this )))
our africa women & tech panel is today at the att conference center followed by happy hour
the price for helping others : sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus
sending prayers and thoughts to dr . kahn . sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus via
oh david stern . it's hurricane sandy . not katrina . try again buddy .
lol wait did david stern say hurricane katrina ? smh
yes , steven gerrard , we know you're a fighter . in fact you should be in prison for it .
the ox starting for england game today ! brilliant !
football notebook : slaughter applies for return in '13; flu bug still hovering ; sandy aftermath more :
via football notebook : slaughter applies for return in '13; flu bug still hovering ; sandy aftermath more : h
in hurricane patricia's wake , torrential rains move into louisiana : houston (reuters) - torrential
in hurricane patricia's wake , torrential rains move into louisiana : houston (reuters) - torrential rainstorms
happy st . patrick's day pre-order sorry i'm late and buy sirens from cher lloyd vcxvcx
happy st . patrick's day pre-order sorry i'm late and buy sirens from cher lloyd hmjhm
chilling details of final moments of crash .
chilling details french prosecutor says recording suggests passenger screams began just before final impact
wow earthquake where u r and hurricane where i am !!!
- notttt they made a hurricane sandy twitter page . ctfuu people are stupid .
st patricks day wheres that real green
that sounds like a great way to end a st . patrick's day supper . his and hers thanks for making us a part of it !
very impressed with the sxsw panel i just attended !!! it's awesome here
just got to play around with the fs100 at the trade show . that thing is sweet !!!! wanna send me one ??
canadian parliament : ottawa police hunt gunmen after scary shooting
canadian parliament : ottawa police hunt gunmen after scary shooting : a soldier standing guard a
robben reliable on frustrating night for the dutch via
living for tomorrow , armagh minors and seniors before some republican action in group c
same here . win will be a big fuck you to the cunts in westminster
i feel fucking sick . i hate what this referendum has done to the uk .
please give one example of when a cop has been hurt /killed in retaliation for killing an unarmed person . just one . i'll wait .
i've seen it first hand in ny chicago-cops love to use these toys-they get off on it-it's a power trip ..its a game to them
ebola virus fears missionary groups order personnel to leave liberia : dr . manny : ebola is not the only deadly virus out thereopinion
ebola virus fears missionary groups order personnel to leave liberia : dr . manny : ebo
good morning to all ! happy st patrick's day to everyone .
it's st . patrick's day . any specials that we could abuse ?
although i'm not happy that obama won , i am quite relieved that romney didn't .
why's everyone so happy obama won ???????
sunday is here in my time zone !
killing time until the tomorrow . watching .
sydney hostage crisis in pictures : australia mourns with sea of flowers at site of martin
mmm turns out that sydney new years thing was fake
greetings and happy st . patricks day from dublin
didn't even know it was st .patrick's day .. whoops .
ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in s
cnn - ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in sie
eight-year-old neha pahari was the first patient in the field hospital in chautara , nepal
rubble removal begins as aid flows to chautara , nepal
- happy st patrick's day ! and thanks for all of your support so far !
i just realized its st .patrick day lol
you're at ? uggg .i so wanted to go .
at sxsw it pays to show up late to pick up your badge
i'm on about the bombings in boston i knew about the gerrard thing though
organization will observe a moment of silence prior to puck drop for victims of the bombings in bo
wait so its gonna be worse than irenewow ok now i understand that sandy is about that life
so whats the topic tonight besides sandy
as much as i hate to say it , congrats to the giants and their fans . well played .
yessss !!! giants are the champions hardluck patriots
classes are a go , gym is open 'til 8 so come get your swell on like sandy had to say it .
reports record setting wave height of 32.5 ' at 8 :50 pm edt at buoy e
hurricane sandy has been gone for less than one day and im just out here walking around like a crazy cunt
how did the south shore fare during the hurricane ? reports :
barack obama 'optimistic' of paris climate summit success : us president barack obama said he was optimistic an
before the england-france match yesterday , wembley stadium hosted a tribute to paris
a peaceful start , and a chaotic end to last night's protests in . tells what he saw .
here is a photo that captures the spirit of | kudos to the photojournalist
i want to know what's going on in nth carolina .
two reasons why my latin teacher shouldn't assign essays ? essays are for english she should know better because the is on ..
i hate people that lead me on , like hurricane sandy .
watching the news right now , hurricane sandy messed up nyc . lord please watch over em keep em safe . i hope u ur daughter r ok
makaia need to sit , because its gonna be a damn hurricane .
well thats probably not going to happen . with the hurricane and all
corned beef and cabbage ? 10 brutally honest st . patrick's day facts via
why is there a st patrick's day parade in london ? i there going to be a st george's day parade ? thought not !
good morning america please remember to vote for
good morning america . vote carefully !#election2012
just admiring the view from our office on this lovely st . patrick's day
happy st . patricks day from the gasoline gypsy crew xo //
thoughts are with those in nepal right now , hopefully the donation money gets there soon .
the worst earthquake in 80 years hit , killing thousands many now homeless . donate
thoughts and prayers for everyone dealing with sandy , stay safe
my thots prayers are with all those affected by hurrican . stay safe !
in memory of man christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to perform at benefit for sandy victims : bru imm
mtv christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to perform at benefit for sandy victims : bruce springsteen , c
happy st patrick's day from bk sweeney's in garden city w / my 1 st grade pal , jimmy gallagher ! /17
lakers don't wear green on st patricks day ' period !
happy st . patrick's day dc !
st . patrick's day snowstorm . what a winter !
no more food stamps if romney winss !!!-__- everybody they mama know they like food stamps ! thats free food mf ! !
i wonder who you would vote for obama or romney ? ((|
you too ! happy st . patrick's day !!!! wooooooooooooo !!!!!
happy st . patricks day from and old lady fan
horrendous things happening in nepal - i've given to appeal . donate now
join in dahlgren quad 4 /28 at 4 pm et to honor victims survivors of recent earthquake in nepal :
letyouknow : video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings in
followme - video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings in libe
pray for paris ,japan,lebanon and for all the ofw's around the world
hey paris , how's this working out ? paris to open 'welcome centre ' for migrants trying to get to britain - breitbart
our thoughts are with those impacted in boston today .
dear followers , all our boston-area editors have checked in are safe after today's tragedies at the . we love you !
thank god you left paris when you did
3 separate shootings in central paris , lot of causualties , hope kev's alright
lol st . patrick's day present
and last one happy st . patrick's day everyone !
sandy and surfers : victory at sea !: new england surf , ( which posts the most comprehensive s
two different radio stations just said the nws downgraded no , try nhc
due to hurricane sandy , some local communities have changed their trick-or-treat times . they include :friday,
hurricane sandy on new york 2012 part ll : via
thank you so much for our +1000 followers ! come see us at the marietta square !
st . patrick probably rowed maybe
hurricane sandy looks to be the real deal ! please use caution if you have to be out and about today . as
good luck to the crew of hms bounty which had to abandon ship in hurricane sandy .
europe official : unlikely boston a suicide bombing : a european security official with knowledge of the investi
3 people were killed including an 8 - year old boy :(
the sun shines over the arc de triomphe in paris today . a needed metaphor .
world : iraqi intel warned of attacks before paris assault
soldier shot at national war memorial in one shooter still at large on parliament hill
following a soldier being shot at the national war memorial , dozens of shots were fired at parliament hill in ottawa .
today turned out better than i dared to hope . obama ; elizabeth warren ; tammy baldwin ; maine , maryland and washington ; etc . so many emotions .
wow , what a speech , obama just made me cry ! love him !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! please be responsible .
happy saint patricks day to me .
david cameron has said he's very sad about the passing of st patrick and that he was a great bloke .
haha happy st patricks day !!
cupcakes for the featuring my fav players (cont)
the this year is going 2 be the same as when they faced in the super bowl last time
happy st . patrick's day lisa :) x
how have you not tweeted about st patricks day yet
listening to sutphin boulevard by blood orange on hunted twitter kinect at
we are packing up and heading out with to ! be sure to be on the look out for him
sandy hurricane ?that freakin me out !
sandy knocks national parks out of action -- news !! !!
finally , torres is going to come on ..why was the spanish coach sleeping till now ?
fortune has finally smiled on torres .
if you are looking for your missing family or friends post , then please send us their photos contact details .
aid starts coming to nepal after quake kills nearly 2000 - washington post : firstpostaid starts coming to nepa
if romney does win the elections , i'll see you guys at bc .
repost ! love this :) my president now .my president after tmr !!
hurricane sandy , however , is moving right along .
fuck ya thinking , i'd rather go to school then have that fucking hurricane !!
this tree looks like i feel [flickr]
street turned into river by floodwater during storm in (credit: mchale of via
did u have a good st .patricks day ? i found out more about my ancestry in ireland !
st . patrick's day at warren haven
that is correct president obama is our president . way to go obama
actually thouqht he was gonn win
why does madonna even bother with a microphone ?
i am enjoying madonna's half time show !!!
world leaders claim innocence after revelations : world leaders and governments acro
world leaders claim innocence after revelations : world leaders and governm
and i will not be participating in this st patricks day pizza party at work . i didn't lose out on sleep and my boo to go work out just to
they always say if you want some luck . kiss an irish men . ahahaha happy st . patrick's day .
wowoscar de la hoya just walked in wearing high heels and a skirt . this party is going to be crazy
schoolboy q is bringing some wreckage at this showcase but for some reason everyone is just kinda standing around
fav if you want a st . patricks day bundle !
happy monday everyone ! also st patricks day !
federal government should do all they can to stop and curtail ebola virus in nigeria please
ebola disease in nigeria :god help us all and nuetralized it in our favour as our lack the vision to tackles this
it's st . patricks day i'm sitting here in bed crying . and dying cuz i'm sick so that's awesome . and no one will work for me so i'm fucked .
loving that its st . patricks day cause its an excuse to wear my sweatpants to work
almost went into my neighbor's yard .
i definitely won't name my daughter sandy !
anyone else gripped by the results coming through ? great turn out .
the uk's third biggest city doesn't want to be in the uk
grieving brussels holds vigil at historic city squaredunya news tv
pk : grieving brussels holds vigil at historic city square
happy st patricks day from all at mj
happy st patricks day oh
fears for remote areas as nepal quake toll rises
china was in the forefront to foment trouble in nepal encouraging the maoists . how much has it helped in earth quake relief ?
oh its halloween ..i must phone the murder in law and see if see survived hurricane sandy .then again maybe her phone lines down ..
see , hurricane sandy is a government conspiracy to cancel classes at brown . this guy knows .
i think i've just pissed myself
im proud , i haven't placed a single bet :d
i rather have tyrone as president than obama . right !
obama had beem raiding and cracking down on dispensaries in california
what's next pd ? drones ? dogs ? water cannons ? renditions ? anything 2 maintain yer fake law /order that only u can ignore ?
this is the most tame riot ever . more like a gathering . and most televised . news can't wait for something to happen .
west africa : misconceptions fuel ebola outbreak : [unicef]geneva/dakar -as the ebola-related death toll rises a
misconceptions fuel ebola outbreak : [unicef]geneva/dakar -as the ebola-related death toll
watching some per-game crap . i should probably do something else .
getting hyped for the gronk style . yo soy fiesta !!!!
happy st . patrick's day from our clan to yours ! how cool is today's google doodle ?
what exactly are the consequences of not wearing green on st . patricks day ? quickly realizing i own zero pieces of green clothing .
the new hurricane sandies from nabisco .
blog post by in his weather journal blog about the possible implications of sandy for sw va
p .s. i hope you're not stuck in that hurricane now !!!!
mad i can't go home for this hurricane like everybody else .
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xihneizs3i
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wrvd1qh1hj
president clinton says vote obama ! clinton
he wasn't able to defeat obama 4 years ago to keep our debt from ballooning to 16,000,000,000,000 +.
[bbc-africa] liberia shuts borders to curb ebola : most border crossings in liberia are closed and communities
liberia shuts borders to curb ebola most border crossings in liberia are closed and commun
hmmmm so im thinking . if by any chance romney does get elected tomorrow , there might just be a riot here , im staying in the house !
the lil bih say she gave obama four years ?? what kinda shxt is that !
msnbc just confirmed two journalists arrested and one of them assaulted !! get off your ass governor !
mt swat police entered mcdonald's in asked journalists for id (via
reuters : most read articles : tensions rise in nepal after 'weak' response to deadly quake - reuters : most
tensions rise in nepal after 'weak' response to deadly quake : kathmandu (reuters) - nepali o vi
who t'f came up with st .patrick day ?
still want them st . patrick ewing's
hurricane sandy is about as pleasant as a cactus needle and lemon juice enema .
the soccer moms are ready for war , sandy
happy st patrick's day and everything (:
happy st .patricks day bby :* have a good one (:
liam payne today st patricks day
st patrick's day and just released his new single
hope this hurricane takes u away
hurricane sandy is killin that stripper kick right now ..
how will our leader's use the tragedy in paris to take advantage and go gun-grabbing in our country ? never let a crisis go to waste !
schools , museums , libraries , gyms , pools , supermarkets all closed in paris tomorrow .
kill , says romney . my good ol boy jeb bush owns a company that can replace all that and make us a big profit in the process !
open the market another example of how u have no clue of what is important .
getting flashed by with and circus mashimus lounge at sxsw )
only a few days 'til sxsw ..bring it !
st patricks day earthquake in los angeles via morning ?
i'm watching that movie right now , nothing says st .patricks day more then warwick davis in compton !
wait isnt it st patricks day tomorrow or
can't wait for st patrick's day . get to be showing my irish side :)
superstorm sandy hits northeast with a vengeance
hurricane sandy ended for us but places like oc , ny and nj got hit hard . praying for them .
watching the news . sandy was angry last might my thoughts today are for the east coast .
can't go anywhere because of sandy . :/
prosecutors say third body found at scene of paris suburb raid linked to attacks
a third body has been found at the scene of the paris suburb raid linked to last friday's attacks , say french prosecutors .
more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy - follow
more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy : twitter released a series of fascinating s
they are closing the city of paris due to additional terrorist are loose tentatively
okay i know we're focusing on paris but the guy in some of my classes that annoys the dfuck out of me just asked me out
happy st . patricks day my fellow craic whores
happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! here's another way you can be 'green'!
i think its great that romney didn't run a shit campaign shady and lying like obama , but he could've won if his niceness didn't slay it
do y'all think romney will run again ?
shevchenko take a bow my friend
ukraine holds on to defeat sweden 2 -1! both goals by shevchenko .
happy st . patrick's day ! wear green to support the luck if the irish !
happy st . patrick's day !!! i made green velvet w / chocolatebailey's infused mousse .
a little team spirit for st . patrick's day .
four ways to mark st . patrick's day during
prayers goes out to all the families that was affected by hurricane sandy .
tec : anarchy along the jersey shore and on long island in the aftermath of hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy is a
the electricity is down and communication is difficult . our thoughts are with people of nepal tonight .
volcano eruption in chile , near 8 magnitude quake in nepal and y'all out here concerned about whether people call bruce jenner a he or she .
the fact that is in california tanning right now while we're preparing for a hurricane .
i really don't think there's gonna be a hurricane ..
it's taken over my house !
all about the pick in the sweepstake ..come on russia !!
wow nasa - sandy makes landfall over cuba :
how can we take a hurricane named sandy seriously ? the world meteorological organization really needs to step up its game .
sunday means im technically single for the day
how much would u pay for parking ? spots going for hundreds in indy .
thoughts and prayers go out to all canadians espically in ottawa
thoughts and prayers out to ottawa today .
csu expert : 'sheer size ' of sandy impressive : fo //t.co/scowa9su
csu expert : 'sheer size ' of sandy impressive : fo //t.co/qrkuwrlk
happy st . patricks day :d.xx!!!!
st patricks day .wha bar to go to ????
i'm so exhausted . i think i might finish watchin president obama make this speech his bitch again take a nap
although things did not go as i would have liked . i am in full support of my president .
look at this ! typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins
typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (re
stay safe in australia , it'll be a sleepless night for us all , i hope this will be over soon , love and prays to everyone
bbc news : sydney siege brings uber criticism
obama won ! 4 more years for him :)
biden with a wwe entrance pointing at obama like macho man .
mirroring the punch in the air . you can do this spain !
have a look ashley young on how to take a peno !!!
i said jelavic would score
i did say jelavic to score ! wish i had a bet on now ! x_x
latest on terror attacks and local news /weather. news on now .
brussels explosions : multiple deaths reported at zaventem airport via
chef carlos is hard at work going green for st . patrick's day ! these bites are free after 3 pm !
me and the shawty that went all out for st patricks day .
never seen so many people happy about a hurricane ..
hey sandy , show wvu some love and cancel some classes here . please and thank you . sincerely , all students .
nigga talking about pray for paris fuck that pray for my wallet is empty
islam is not terrorismislam is not a crimebut islam is kindness
why did the co-pilot crash the plane ? via
don't dwell on hating the co-pilot for his actions , better to love those who perished and the families left behind .
gold glasses for st . patricks day !
because its almost st . patricks day
typhoon churns across philippines as more than 1 million flee via
what's new ? typhoon hagupit makes landfall in philippines as 1 million flee -
bacon and cabbage on st patricks day
i can tell you some if you want .. she chose dani moz over deshawn . shak also stole patrick thomson from adam
live notes for the hyperlocal hoax : where's the holy grail ? at
live notes for rev up your product design , the ?concept car ? at
she's a beautiful colleen ! have a safe and happy saint patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day ! raise a glass and celebrate -- /u/dogetipbot v2 is ready . some massive annoucements o
clint eastwood's rep : ad was abt american pride & job growth -- not a political msg
clint eastwood &#39;s rep : ad was about american pride and job growth -- not a political message
arey , ma'am .. chill .. :)there are many men named sandy n neelam too .. ;)
midvale ? sandy . :) and i didn't say to ! .. just use your super powers . what are they again ? being super cute ?
and so concludes my watching of the she's amazing and ended it with a bang !!
shwew , thank goodness betty white showed up to save halftime .
geek news thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners
thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners - path-tech .fr
actually though im going to europe if romney wins
trying to make phone calls from home for romney and its running slow too many people making them
fema is trending on twitter because 1 ) giant hurricane , and 2 ) romney wants to get rid of it .
combat rations should include katong laksa and kway chap . we could take on hurricane sandy this way ,easy shit .
the east coast is sure looking ugly right now . prayers go out to all affected by
how i'm spending the power outage
(nice try , . white people have problems , too , y'know . ) is this guys being serious
listen behind the woodshed aug 17, 2014 via cdc ize fear'd fer ma'life , change ?
happy st patricks day to me ! and rip grandma mary , we miss you .
we're a little late but we made it to to continue st patrick's after both boondock movies
great job , on helping to win the election for obama and america . you make a difference , respect and love from ireland .
obama won because it was rigged . have no faith in any institution . there is evidence of rigged elections , none contrary .
egyptair hostage reveals on-board hijacking ordeal ::aljazeera
egyptair hostage reveals on-board hijacking ordeal : passengers and crew me
, if it's still on water , it's going to get worse and will pick up . wind speeds can be more dangerous than rain , so stay inside !
how's the weather ollie ? it's gon ' rain ! thanks ollie
hopefully sandy will die down a little b4 it comes near us !!!!!!
about 20 minutes til 1 st floor flooded if it keeps up at this rate . well , time to watch
i'm about to donate money to the hurricane sandy relief foundation just because vinny is on the commercial !
i am about to text the number to donate money for the hurricane sandy relief foundation just because vinny i
wen i can come get my obama shirt ? cuz i shol need to b wearing one today
i'm an obama supporter so that must mean that i'm a crazy feminist , have no job , use drugs and live off of food stamps .
got this to learn by tomorrow and more lol at my life -____- don't even want to live or go spain -
yellow everywhere ! its like watching a game at carrow road !
while boston will mourn the tragedy at the , remember that this city will rise again .
president obama will talk about the boston marathon bombings , live , at 9 :30ammst. tune into for the report
coming up , listen live to our look at and us police forces with and
in a way , it's a blessing dumb cops have zero media training . the residents ' plight has never been more visible .
really want to see some examples lovin ' the idea (logically), but really want to see how it's implemented
insights : what people talked about on sat via i'm this year :(
happy st .patrick's day guys ! (if you care )
happy st patricks day ! love and look forward to russia !
nepal earthquake : was traveling through the mountains when the quake struck . here is video and photos
breaking news nepal hit by massive earthquake just don't knock down my mountain with the wifi , god , please !
'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed july 20 in lagos
'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed july 20 in
i feel sorry for people that have the same name as a hurricane .
saying the hurricane is an 'act of god ' and using that as an excuse is bollocks .
happy st . patrick's day from our buddy brick !!!
happy st patricks day everyone ! particularly to our irish friends :)
great goal by van persie . and on his right foot
van persie misses every shot with his lefttakes 1 with his right n scores !
paris friday 13 th 2015 paris friday 13 th 2015
french priest shares keys to healing after paris attacks
hurricane sandy kills 41 in caribbean , targets u .s. - yahoo ! news via
hurricane sandy please give us all next week off so we can have a fall break
did everyone enjoy their st . patrick's day ?
walked around crown point's st . patrick's day parade and middle schoolers think they're such hot shit .
how we can help rebuild schools in nepal via
latest news update from luisa florez . life suspended in rural nepal
4 french officials told that police questioned and released the now fugitive suspect hours after the
breaking : 4 french officials tell ap police questioned , freed fugitive suspect hours after .
in wake of paris atrocities , will leaders commit to fight terror w terror ?
curfew imposed in france for the first time since world war ii
no one leaves home unless home is the mouth of a shark . shire ,
hey have you seen amazing project raising awareness /empathy in uk kids by sending teddies :)
q will events determine a move towards more union in the , 1 /
photoholicjenny : heart goes out to paris ,
it's the only positive thing i can get out of this hurricane over here .
alright time to go shut my eyes for a little bit , i'll be back on by 4 am with the crew covering ever
incredible raw video from of shooting inside parliament earlier this morning
i love games too ! fan
happy st . patrick's day ! get out there and find your pot o ' gold !
happy st patricks day simulator 2007
i'm at sxsw rainpocalypse (austin, tx )
can i grab one of you for 5 mins today /tomorrow, at sxsw , for a quick interview re : digital shoreditch (for
breaking : egyptair plane 'hijacked,' 82 passengers on board sigue a
breaking : egyptair plane 'hijacked,' 82 passengers on board
congratulations to president obama last night . it was a long and well fought campaign . you deserved it .
you got this . congrats mr . president .
another patrick happy st patricks's day .
i really don't get why st patrick's day is such a big deal over here
happy st . patrick's day ! how many pretend irish people do we have out there today ?!
love this time of year when all the gingers come out of their shame caves for st . patrick's day .
what is internet ?: trapped in the dark : sandy leaves many elderly stranded in nyc : mike mechanic
trapped in the dark : sandy leaves many elderly stranded in nyc : mike mechanic at mother jones sa
offers great advice about for educators . education is the path towards healing .
if this was a black cop who shot a white man , what would the black community be sayin then ? would they cut the officer some slack ?
i can't believe it .we're actually gonna have a hurricane .
ill take the chance . ha who needs life when i can wait for jonas in a hurricane
i'm outside but i be in the house before sandy come !
thanks sandy . thank you for making life for my family extremely difficult right now . :'(
'war in paris ' - world's media reacts to terrorist atrocities that left 120 people dead : front pages around
don't say a word 'war in paris ' - world's media reacts to terrorist atrocities that left 1 rt
. i was told that my is very important here in austin . . nice .
we shouldn't copy sxsw but look at existing events to build around . example pax boston - the nerds are in town
happy st . patrick's day ! i will be celebrating by having red hair .
happy st . patrick's day to all of my fellow irish family
happy st . patricks day patriots !
worth a watch happy st patrick's day
you're welcome ed , and happy st . patrick's day ! :)
happy st . patrick's day . i'm wearing a kilt .
the 18 -year-old victim had no weapon on him , had his hands up in the air , but was shot by authorities multiple times .
white people at the bundy ranch pointed guns at cops were called patriots . blacks protest = mob .
have a happy st .patricks day everyone ! be safe tonight !
just one thing , happy st .patrick's day
so .. euro 2008, world cup 2010 and now euro 2012 for spain !!!
lol off to the dressing room ! what a classless dude !!! glad italy lost !
happy st patricks day ya goons
we wore green for st . patrick's day ! be safe and have a great one .
result of iraq , libya , syria : neocon strategy of meltdown middle east for israel's benefit . more wars mean petrol on flames .
just reread about the 16 th century religious massacres in paris , and was saddened that after 400 years we've recapitulated that experience .
ever since i left high school , i forget there's a st . patricks day parade .
i usually do too , but birthday and st patricks , it's nice to get out lol
today's campaign schedule : hurricane sandy is playing havoc with campaigning schedules ; beau biden origi
today's campaign schedule : hurricane sandy is playing havoc with campaigning schedules ; beau biden origin dk
in our has power is open ! just before hosted visit from :
that poor mom who lost her 2 little sons (4 2 ) during sandy in staten island :((
from awful : nepal earthquake death count rises past 1,500 ; more expected
awful : nepal earthquake death count rises past 1,500 ; more expected
nepal hospitals swamped as quake toll passes 2,400, thousands injuredread more :
nepal hospitals swamped as quake toll passes 2,400, thousands injured
st patricks day . shared lunch at adinfern .
happy st patricks day if you celebrate have fun enjoy ! :)
- ny times reports pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash in france
report : audio indicates 1 germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash , investigator says -
reminds me of a hurricane , because my ex just blows .
lies the truth : on guard - (john hinderaker ) much of the east coast is being evacuated in anticipation of hurricane
students our age in hong kong are skipping class and fighting for democracy . we're with you .
kids our age in hong kong are skipping school and fighting for democracy . we're with you .
cleanup puts spotlight on a week before election - via w pitt's dr greg reed on
i believe there is global warming but sandy is in no way the proof of it
bank robber hero : analysis - brussels attacks another reminder of belgian security's we
bank : analysis - brussels attacks another reminder of belgian security's weak
power did not even go out . sandy you are pathetic .
my mom asked me why my room is so messy .. i blame sandy
happy st patricks day bella
st . patrick's day is awful i hate it
happy st . patrick's day from bringsy !
happy st patricks day to all of those who care !!!x
hurricane patricia batters mexico as one of strongest storms ever : puerto vallarta , mexico ( vi
hurricane patricia batters mexico as one of strongest storms ever : puerto vallarta , mexico (reuters) - hurrica
man on the bus : aye you finna vote for romney ?other man on the bus : hellll nahhhhhh !
campaign trail : from kid rock plays on mitt in manchester
who would have thought in our kids would have a day !?
how crackish is it , to go out at midnight for a pepsi ? during a wind advisory due to hurricane sandy ?
romney is listening to a lot of avril lavigne today .
romney has a problem with the truth , we want to make sure he really gets that he lost .
boston police comm just said 3 rd explosion at jfk .
my heart goes out to all those affected by the boston explosions
even if you're not irish you're irish on st patrick's day
kiss me , i'm irish . no seriously i'm irish and it's st . patricks day . i don't make the rules i just follow them
happy st . patrick's day ! hope your day is full of the luck of the irish !
happy st . patrick's day . stop in for a pint .irish dancers at 5 pm today .
this st . patrick's day , don't lose your green to sui (shopping under the influence !) via
just look at the damn flowers patrick
happy st . patrick's day from teenyb .
happy st . patrick's day ! (print via
william back from maldives today make their first joint appearance of the year at annual irish guards st patricks day parade
some boycotting st . patrick's day celebrations in nyc and boston because of a ban on gays
did i hear a backfire ? stupid , pathetic attempt at persuasion . lies . out .
left their credit card behind the bar ..
i just got a robocall from paul ryan !!! i wish it was a live person asking me to vote for romney .. that would have made my day lmao !!
did obama put a george soros lackey / muslim brotherhood appeaser in charge of benghazi investigation ?
i haven't heard from my cousins and aunts /uncles since hurricane sandy got there . i hope they are all okay .. :/
due to hurricane sandy all classes performances are cancelled for today . we hope you your loved ones re
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3sz6hjbnzh
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/c9mdv2msrl
exhausted . heartbroken . like theres folk w / internet working eyes who still believe police are not being excessive . dumbfounded .
the police are backed into a corner so now they are looking for a way out
topix sandy slams ship wrecks : we can see the effects of storms like sandy as they slam against the shore . wha
newsfeed : sandy slams ship wrecks : we can see the effects of storms like sandy as they slam against the shore . w
happy st . patrick's day ! don't forget to like our facebook and twitter posts to qualify for 4 tickets to the everblades hockey game on 3 /28!
holy moley , st patricks day tweet !!
us president obama is addressing on attacks in paris .
president obama is about to make a statement on the situation in paris .
yeaa , obama is still here . he never left .
well now that obama's reelected someone might as well just drown everyone in america so that we can all go down with
world champions ? its only you idiots that play it
does two super bowls put manning into the hall of fame ? east stand up
happy st patricks day to you all , wherever in the world you may be ! xxx
guiness and baileys cupcakes , happy st patricks day !!
i don't want this hurricane to come i need hours at work .
so if the hurricane knocks out my power , i won't have to watch the any more ? i will have it on espn radio .
that hurricane is some fucked up shit
we didn't even begin to discuss the hurricane my goodness we have a long wayyyyyy to go
captian johnson : total of 6 people arrested in tonight
capt . johnson says 6 people arrested tonight . 5 for failure to disperse . 4 of those 6 arrested not from missouri .
da nk start weyh .. team of death
group of death day round 2 ! portugal v . denmark now
more journalists than protestors i reckon outside hk chief exec's office
r in -did she say yes ?find out in our gallery
tech firms fight anti-encryption demands after paris murders : if the us govt wants imessages , wel
via tech firms fight anti-encryption demands after paris murders : if the us govt wants i
reading the newspapers is giving me more chills than the -30 f in chicago .
typical uk press letting us down by going for sensational headlines instead of showing cartoons - respect to the german press
you should care more about packers showing up and working for obama .
33 newspapers flip endorsement from obama 2008 to romney 2012 citizen-times (obama)
this is the best anti-obama video ever ! a definite 'must watch !' conservatism is calling : via
dick likes to whistle past the graveyard
yare vigil for nepal earthquake victims on parliament hill - cbc .ca: fox newsvigil for nepal earthquake v yare
vigil for nepal earthquake victims on parliament hill - cbc .ca mat global jp
this man just said hurricane katrina hahahaha !
did he just say hurricane katrina lol
i just scored 10000 points on shake shout with the orange supporters ' cup app russia
someone at itv get the fly spray out will ya !!
back in the office now , trying to download my brain into a sunday column on . feel like i drank 5 cases of red bull in austin .
interactive at has ended but the rockstud challenge continues ! see how it's going on 5 th /58th:
our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone that were affected by hurricane sandy .
r .i.p to those who were killed by hurricane sandy x
thoughts go out to the victims and their families of tonight's attacks and all the people of paris .
terrorism has no nationality or religion . - vladimir putin
shit will get so real if romney wins on some bs like that . america will turn into libya
hey bitch . get up and and bitch , make them votes .
they always got a different name for the hurricane !
i actually would like a hurricane .
st . patrick's day is more my style .
happy st patrick's day !! what are you going to do today ??
very very so midwest much spring .
please don't think that a friend of the cop who killed and who wasnt even there knows better than eyewitnesses .
that was pretty intense man made hurricane .
august 25, 1814 - dc hit by hurricane - it put out the fire set by british troops spawning tornados descimating brirish forces .
operation enduring sandy is in full effect
hurricane sandy barrels into us atlantic coast (video) on
happy st . patrick's day - luke kelly raglan road : via (now go watch in bruges )
st patrick's day to you too j !!
eers noisy ill-educated rabble ? no , i refuse to believe it . only 4 of 5 grads vote after all
'taken it personally ' that many tory mps support . so arrogant to think loyalty 2 him should beat loyalty 2 country !!
the best is yet to come , says a victorious obama
watch obama do his thing like normal , shower'd , now watching whats love got to do with it
soccer halted in liberia amid ebola outbreak mashable
a west african airline halts flights to liberia and sierra leone amid concern about ebola as a leading doctor
happy st . patrick meng's day .
st . patricks day if off to a great start .
know what alcoholics call st . patrick's day ? amateur night .
top of the morning a very happy st patrick's day to you , the filthy hooligan is perfect way to celebrate this day !
prayers to all the families affected by hurricane sandy xo
so how is it going with sandy ? have power ?
six dead in pennsylvania shootings : a suspected gunman is on the run after six
rat news online : six dead in pennsylvania shootings : a suspected gunman is on the run aft
feeling fortunate that we didn't lose power last night . feeling for those who were in the direct line of
usa news : hurricane sandy : storm surge floods nyc tunnels , cuts power to city : nearly a million new yorkers were
happy st patrick's day everyone !! la fhelie padraig
walked in the class this morning . happy st . patrick day .
i'm sure it does !, happy st patricks day buddy , hope all is well with you and the family !
happy st . patty's day ! may you find all the luck , green beer , dancing girls and leprechauns you can handle today !
enhance my life with some better sounding headphones !
dope d .o.d. rockin rap jr
australian pm abbott mourns demise of two citizens at the sydney siege site : sydney : prime minister tony abbot
going to sydney . well just outside of sydney :)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ozrboulji5
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0ndic27l45
haven't moved from my bed all day may as well stay here and watch the football i'm going for italy
tonight i want to support italy but balotelli is a twat so i won't
what better day to open our cloverdale branch than st . patrick's day !
come to adriatic grill and celebrate st . patrick's day with a 4 -leaf clover : blended cucumber , sweet and sour
di natale on wilson security and , citing concerns amid call to strip them of contracts re . manus and nauru
each partner was required to share any relevant or important discovery among all the other outlets
uneducated voters are annoying and should not speak on television
omg i want this baked two layers . dark chocolate . devils food . buttercream whipped . frosting cake . not joking .
happy st . patricks day ! we're celebrating with green chocolate shamrocks !!
happy st . patrick's day ! can you name any irish book boyfriends ?
outside of the sydney situation , twitter seems desperate to amuse me tonight .
i want to know what is the news in sydney .
rascals did not succeed in promoting a pappu blaming democracy
facebook activates safety check after brussels attack : feature allows users to mark themselves or friends as s
^-^ ^- ^ american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working wi ^-^ ^- ^
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola pat
this is genocide ! a massacre is occurring by israel yet the world remains quiet
we have to do something for only changing profile picture's nothing can happen
it's gonna feeeeel good to vote tomorrow .
the most accurate , detailed weather forecast in the gta . might see flurries this aft . 2 moro sunny w a chance of romney
very important game of futuristic rugby on tonight apparently
ok i'm out ,but one last thing nite tweeps
happy st patricks day to you too ily a lot
happy st patrick day to you too babe xx
to our friends and partner have a tremendous st . patrick's day !
didn't know today was st .patrick's day whoops
happy st . patrick's day one outfit down
happy st patricks day to everyone .may the luck of the irish be with you all :)we've got a st patricks day quids
happy st . patrick's day from just
st patrick's day on a monday makes me laugh .
come see me at work tomorrow for our st patricks day party !!!
oh yeah tomorrow's saint patricks day
google scrubs october 29 th event over hurricane sandy worries -
i'm ready for hurricane sandy . now stop scaring me further .
matt romney set up a storm relief in dayton ohio .. really ? dayton ohio ? did they even get sandy ? lol come on mitt
sandy , you're driving us to drink cc ohmara whiskey brooklyn
iiterally praying this hurricane isn't as dangerous as the news is making it sound .
hoping hurricane sandy isn't as dangerous as it sounds !
its just people in the 'middle' that didn't vote for obama tbh ..
am i the only black that didn't want obama to win !?
it's a great day to be a ginger . happy st . patricks day !
happy st patricks day ! is it too early for a guinness ?
hell of an image . :). happy st patricks day .
an easy st . patrick's food idea |
and kick off . netherlands - denmark . group b .
now live : netherlands vs denmark
police on manhunt for pennsylvania gunman find body in the woods
police on manhunt for pennsylvania gunman find body
just realized that if romneys own state voted for obama .. thats saying something .
you know , guys , if obama was really as bad as y'all make him out to be , he never stood a chance of losing . he would've rigged the thing .
well sandy has been ,shes knocked over a lot of trees ,taken out power and generally caused a massive pain in the arse !hope everyone is ok
coincidence that the hurricane was directly headed towards blue and swing states ? i think not .
hope to add you :) happy st patrick's day
happy st . patricks day !! from evan the leprechaun !!!!!
and a very happy st patrick's day to you guys too !
.wishing all a happy st . patrick's day ! :) especially my pack mates ! :d
happy st . patrick's day and the best of irish luck to you all !
hey happy st . patricks day to all timbers !!!
foremost , we trust this note finds you and your families well , following the effects of hurricane sandy . having
hasta el lunes . sandy what di we do to you
is getting ugly out of hand . get community leaders together . sit down try to resolve issues peacefully clashing is going nowhere
hope you are watching right now - live feed from
happy st patricks day to one and all . tis great to be irish
happy st patricks day !! stop by for your dose of irish !!!
new york city prepares for hurricane sandy's arrival
new york city prepares for hurricane sandy's arrival : new york city began to take precautions as hurricane sandy
dtn india : infographic : seven deadliest attacks in europe : the attacks that left at least 120 dead in paris ar
infographic : seven deadliest attacks in europe : the attacks that left at least 120 dead in paris are the (toi)
i will forever remember you as the brand whose pre-rolls kept me from vital hurricane info
good that you are ok . show em how to handle a hurricane
no clima do st patricks day .
welcome to my world every st patrick's day
group c preview : spain v italy : including match fact sheet for your betting pleasure via
game of football in the sun before the euros later !
after the hurricane sandy ~ but it could of been worst ~ so thank you god ~ and also to those friends who have
despite hurricane sandy's threatening conditions , tomb of the unknown soldier stays guarded . amazing .
last run in before sandy hits
thanks for introducing me to such an entertaining personality looking forward to sandy
we survived hurricane sandy , but lost a number of trees .
hurricane sandy timelapse . outside the back window of and now media the trees boogie .
2 hostage situations in paris linked together
second hostage situation , shootout in paris -
me when the moratorium has kicked in
yes !!! moratorium time ! no more election talk .
[lindaikeji] doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus
new doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus via
two aircraft carrying relief goods sent to nepal : ispr | etribune , world
death toll climbs after powerful quake hits nepal : strong aftershock hits as death toll nears 2,000 and rescue
10 /1 on rvp and gomez to both score at any time ? holy shit what a price .
netherlands finally score a goal (their 1 st in 2 games ) as robin van persie cuts it to 2 -1 in 73 rd minute .
i hope everyone that is going through sandy today the best stay safe stay in your home's 3
on a mobile phone ? here's an easy way to help victims of . (best viewed on a mobile device )
new job posted by thoughtworks sydney , nsw for lead software developer at
new job posted by --- sydney , nsw for lead software developer at
are you cooking up something special for your st . patrick's day dinner ? dr . george and the staff would like to
monday munchies !celebrate st . patrick's day by sipping on something green . the westin resort spa , los cabos
as useful as ebola virus . they're in the pockets of racists 4 money so they have 2 remain silent in face of blatant racism
-#ferguson- equal rights - - - national guard - murder - hatred .
my mom is picking up fruits b4 this hurricane . smh
hurricane sandy has me flying through houston instead . thankfully the change was easy to make .
obama is a pathological liar . his campaign is made up of the worst of his administration .
dmamet 2 jews /people:canluexplainnot principles but conseq effects ur voteonchildren /grandch? vote
governor declares state of emergency , puts in curfew to stop looting in
declares state of emergency and announces curfew in
since when has frank warren been in football management
but with that being said mon the sweden , most notably . sebastian larsson and lustig .
when is st patricks day this year ?
when did st patrick's day become a big deal ?
what happen in boston yesterday was a tragedy but people also have to remember thousands of people are dying everyday in syria , gaza , iraq
newtown in boston : how sandy hook families dealt with more tragedy at marathon yesterday . my story : htt
don't say your vote doesn't matter . it does ! we're blessed to have this right - so exercise it !
i like my voting how i like my sex : requiring a complex apparatus that no one really understands
to use a silly st . patrick's day pun in my softball release or not ?
happy st . patrick's day from advanced wellness and chiropractic center !
our thoughts and hearts go out to all that have been affected by hurricane sandy .
voice of jewish music radio remains off the air , thank to sandy for the first time in decades , radio host nachum segal
thoughts with the people and victims in paris . death to the animals .
so upsetting that 40 people have been killed in paris , but please also spare a thought for the 40 + killed in beirut today as well
when he said he would leave the country if obama was re elected . and people are calling him out on it
welcome to obamanomics . all of you folks who voted for obama , get ready for more of this .
everyone is so hype for this hurricane to come
i hope my new york fam okay . i'm not feeling this hurricane shit .
amadius **** ripples of hurricane sandy may hit lagos within a week - govt : the lagos state government on tues
ripples of hurricane sandy may hit lagos within a week - govt : the lagos state government cray tweets update
good monday morning to you all happy st patricks day ! yaaaaay !!!!!!
good morning .and a very happy st patricks day ! i came into the shop the other day after my lovely assistant
happy . st patricks day too . hope you have a good . day
happy st . patrick's day nialler . x hope you have a sickk day love . :)
yeah i saw about boston but it was too depressing ..
i feel like i'd just use the tragedy in boston as another reason to not get back into running . i'm staying out of this one .
yay im gay and obama said i can make it in america !!!!
obama is about to tune up in a flat !
1,000 europeans missing , 12 dead after nepal earthquake
these are the 5 facts that explain nepal's devastating earthquake
sitting this st patrick's saturday out . ill just go hard on monday the way i like
another thing about next week . i know it's st patrick's day on monday , but i have notes to read and work to do so please keep the noise down
[news5] 19 killed , 916 hurt in hagupit - ndrrmc
[interaksyon] 19 killed , 916 hurt in hagupit - ndrrmc
the only deaths that should arise from comedy are figurative .
paris terrorist attack : charlie hebdo shooting video provokes social media backlash
fema flood insuirance specialists continue to answer questions and concerns from hurricane isaac survivors
i'm asking for help on hurricane sandy donation !!! how u can help ! 1 ) go to
my heart goes to the people who are affected by the hurricane sandy 3
gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy : american apparel apparently wasn't the only br rt
the size of the net samaras and look where you put it
samaras is just a joke ! how is he a professional footballer ? not surprised he's only scored 4 goals for celtic last season
says fema trains are on their way to ? can anyone confirm ?
does the police department know they're the bad guys of any future movie made about the last week ?
not looking forward to seeing waves of islamophobia after the news of what's happening in paris
i can't believe these explosions are happening in paris . what's gonna happen when all of europe comes in the summer for the euros ?
today , on st patrick's day , it is tradition in ireland and some parts of the us (new york and boston in
happy st patrick's day to all my followers ! wearing green today !
hopefully ill b back in time for the game -___-
you just tuned in to and denmark are winning holland by a goal ? you might as well just slap yourself .
police have confirmed that three people -- including the gunman -- have been killed in the hostage cr
what we know about the sydney siege hostages : police have confirmed that three people -- including the gunman -- have been killed in
mate you went out on st patricks day eve which isn't a real day so chances are i doubt it very much lol
so how was your st . patrick's day ? was it as green as this !?type=1theater
everybody and your mama vote for obama !
why does barack obama want this so much ? his hair is already pretty whiteanother four years and he will look like morgan freemanlol !
watching the france /england game in my germany shirt
'10mins: france 0 -0 england
it's saint patrick's day and i accidentally wore camo pants . i was hoping i got pinched . .. lol
just for the record , i hate st . patrick's day .
who c !ares that obama won medicinal got legalized . obama still sucks though
now that obama won , what if he makes a mistake ?
obama speaks on and iraq . watch live now :
president obama is on cnn now speaking about and iraq
terrorist attacks in : what you need to know if you're planning to fly to
yes , my thoughts as well . the innocent , it's unconscionable :(
happy st patrick's day from the jan laurent team .
happy st patrick's day aoife , best wishes from england
omg . i hope my love is not in paris at that moment . please pray for
our thoughts are with our friends in paris today .
happy st . patrick's day from houseofjuicy !
happy st patrick's day , here's to all things green !
bagsink .co sxsw 2012 : why austin's film fest tops all others : south by southwest was created for 'real movie mtv
sxsw 2012 : why austin's film fest tops all others : south by southwest was created for 'real movi
soooo who's celebrating st . patrick's day ???
why does everyone keep saying it's st . patricks day ? it's just not . it's tomorrow .
happy st . patricks day ! i hope you aren't too worn out from celebrating over the weekend to celebrate today .
i feel like i'm the only person who doesn't give a shit about st . patrick's day , and i'm irish .
ohhhhhh there's a storm cominand i'm not talkin about hurricane sandy !!
ooo sandy . you came and you gave without taking
weakened storm hagupit nears manila : damage to buildings was reported in tacloban , but no casualties tropical
hagupit heads toward manila : the storm that has buffeted the philippines for days
happy st .patricks day everyone ! - drinking an aprihop by -
happy st patrick's day . remember today is about drinking not the saint .
no you're right again i don't know enough to form a proper opinion . general uk opinion on romney is as a joke figure , like gw bush
i'd definitely be voting for today american politics interest me so much more than our own .
icymi anti-fraud anti-corruption lawyer martin kenney on the scope impact of the leak
what you need to know about the leak lewat
feeling a mixture of sadness , anger and fear at the state of the world right now . thinking of the people of paris
that is just so sad . thoughts and prayers go out to paris
is hurricane sandy affecting halloween ? what trick-or-treating will be like - huffington post : timeis hurric
googlenews : timeis hurricane sandy affecting halloween ? what trick-or-treating will be like huffin
i'm out of green food coloring . and i just realized tomorrow is st . patrick's day .
wow can't believe it's still st . patrick's day
hey , sxsw ! thanks ferri ,nathalie,tracie lynn ,art, grownupnoise ,mik
pigeons planes | video : a $ap rocky and the a $ap mob brawl with audience at sxsw
mobile : wall street might need to make up with obama
wall street might need to make up with obama [mobile]
another earthquake has hit west nepal this morning , 7.4 on richter scale .#nepal
7.1 magnitude earthquake again hits nepal . please
i'm hoping for a landslide win for mitt romney so this country will come to the realization that the majority wants better government .
romney the liar : a thank you to everyone
hi , eric ! hope you had a good st . patrick's day .
whoa it's st . patrick's day .
so how we doing out there on a st patricks day weekend ? getting some great emails about today !!!!!
st . patricks day might be my favorite holiday
id rather be in boston than watch anymore of this .
cannot believe people would want to hurt others like this . pictures of the boston marathon bombings are heartbreaking .
thanks you ! happy st .patrick's day for you austin :)
happy st . patrick's day . let the guiness flow !
must respect the governor of nj for ignoring politics and only being concerned about the welfare of his constituents .
is coming into play with various hurricane recovery stump speeches ? tell us what you think , 202 -675-1780
obama style :p get it because he's motivational !! :p lol
the obama's are a very well dressed family .
rt : lol . very funny . obama is the honey boo boo of politics : whips up people with lies and says holla for
best of the web today : the case for obama bend over .
plane crash : german public prosecutor says only one pilot in cockpit
germanwings plane crash : german public prosecutor says only one pilot in cockpit , he crashed plane deliberately
soldier shot by unknown gunman at war memorial in canada : police : a gunman shot a canadian soldier standing gu
isbpl : soldier shot by unknown gunman at war memorial in canada : police : a gunman shot a canadian soldie
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eqtt57yut4
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sreonf8mdt
yesss ! rt sixteen countries , one month to become kings of europe . has begun .
awesome summer time ! sixteen countries , one month to become kings of europe . has begun .
are people of content enuf with transfer of crowd control to under captain for tonight to be peaceable ?
do you think the president's remarks concerning helped the community ?
nepal is last hindu country , we can't allow these there
oxfam's response to the earthquake in nepal | press releases | oxfam gb :
dayumm republic of ireland have never lost their opening game at a major tournament .
i'm going for ireland to win the game against croatia
happy st patrick's day chick
happy st patricks day ! :d :d
its st patricks day and i still have 0 luck with everything
these st patricks day cookies are amazeballs
class tomorrow . hard to go back after having 5 days off after the weekend and 3 days cancelled cause of hurricane sandy .
what teacher assigns 3 art projects due on the same day that is also the day after halloween and following a hurricane
spotted a man in downtown who was sporting a big green mustache . well played , sir , well played .
happy st . patrick's day from the 2013 champion schaumburg boomers !
lol yal een have ntn better to do in life , one pose to b bracing for sandy n the next need to go study
we actually gettin to meet sandy .
happy st . patrick's day , folks ! first year in a few that i'm not in boston . i'm kind of crushed .
happs st . patrick's day anyone wearing green .i'm not
ireland vs spain now going to be a good game .
you have to root for ireland regardless of how good they are their fans are awesome
hurricane sandy is on the way ! ace clean has a quick reminder to help you stay safe . if you happen to lose power ,
all i know is .this hurricane better not ruin my halloween
wish i was at home watching soccer right now
steal of the day : 20 % off the nike portugal home cristiano ronaldo youth jerseys now :
my cocaptain put this together . happy st . patrick's day
side note : happy st patrick's day !
gotta hand it to aspiring tommy mccarthy of california who registered danglingcrane com last night .
i'm wondering if will expose enviromental vulnerabilities like 9 /11 exposed security vulnerabilities in the us ? a change ?
divert's gist :::: video : kendrick lamar performs hiiipower live at sxsw : kendrick lamar took to the fader fort s
ich update fuse interviews black cards at sxsw :
i really really want to go to . this is just disgusting to me . where's the tea party at crying about what america used to be ?
and i was about to suggest that you follow because he posts good media but he apparently got arrested
any chance that sandy will do a u-turn and come back ? please ?
here's what happened to all the subway rats during hurricane sandy via in case you were worried about them .
i don't think i'm hip enough for sxsw
help me get rid of these tickets 4 my sxsw show hmu !! this shit finna be live if you ever been to a jace show you k
is it possible we could get a blast from hurricane sandy !?
obama declares major disaster as fires rage , millions without power in sandy's - national post : ibnliv
happy st . patrick's day from someone irish !
wishing you all a cery happy st patricks day x
hot-button initiatives , after the vote
the fact that i only have 3 days of school this week and next week
3 :37/4q kaufman 30, paris 21 . paris uses final timeout with lions 3 rd-and-goal at wildcats 10 .#rrvfb
for the people of paris and all who are affected , our thoughts are with you tonight .
someone tell me about this boston crap !!!
don't think anyone understand how emotional i feel about his whole boston thing . truly horrific .
happy st . patrick's day from ! stay tuned later today for our !
silliness ! happy st patrick's day everyone .
sms mrs josephine teo signing the condolence book following the terrorist attacks in brussels , 24 march 2016
paris and brussels : the links between the attackers
but obstacles are still ahead . . barack obama sweeps to victory - - us politics policy
barack obama's daughters have grown a lot since the last . they are big girls now .
thanks we had a blast recharging your vips at the st patricks day concert !!
happy st patrick's day friends ! wishing you the best of luck in the year :d
my hurricane sandy photo gallery-captions to come :
get 10 hhonors bonus pts for every $1 usd you donate through our globalgiving page by 12 /31 to support relief efforts from hurricane sandy
eyewitness : hurricane patricia apparently spares puerto vallarta
hurricane patricia : the strongest hurricane ever recorded is headed for mexico follow kevinfitts
austin case modders take their exotic pcs and a giant lan party to sxsw (video) - slashdot
austin case modders take their exotic pcs and a giant lan party to sxsw (video): as a nexus
we ready for the hurricane !! let's rage !!
oh boy now there are 2 hurricane sandy twitter pages
this boston marathon has my conspiracies going wild
bomb sniffing dogs at the boston marathon ? and someone on the speaker system announced bomb drills throughout the day .. ?
hurricane sandy throwing a wrench into trying to get home from providence
yo hurricane sandy , imma let you finish but hurricane irene had one of the best school cancelations of all time
hurricane sandy free film festivaleat , drink charge your phonecome on in , admission is free ! 155 varick
video : hurricane sandy , jobs report offer obama political benefits (cbs news ): share with friends : | | top new
i guess it's not a good time to shop for batteries when a hurricane is coming
hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google's event , rumored to revolve around via
brussels death toll rises to 35 : the toll of those killed in the attacks at the airport and me
apologies for previous tweet re cctv footage . it was dated 25 th march ,
silicon alley - watch live new york hurricane sandy broadcast coverage here : for those who wants live tv right f
watch live new york hurricane sandy broadcast coverage here : for those who wants live tv right from n
whispers tell us that the paris climate talks are not looking promising given what is needed to ensure the health
a sad night at the a sibelius night . thoughts , prayers and notes for paris .
happy st patricks day ! come and join the party !
happy st . patrick's day from white river dental !
st patricks day is just another reason for people to drink
it's fake st . patricks day so i'm going to fake drink
in its darkest hour , 18 photos show brussels ' humanity : the worst of humanity can someti
in its darkest hour , 18 photos show brussels ' humanity well , ok
blaming a religion or organization for this attack on before finding out the truth is pure ignorance hatemongering . please don't .
today i ran for all those affected by the boston tragedy .
mofo !!! happy st . patrick's day !!! drink as much as you can
this is a very classy bracelet and happy st .patrick day to you ;)
so like apparently its st . patrick's day weird
happy st patricks day to all you wannabes
arsenal look like sandy just hit them
hide your kids , hide your wifeand hide your husband too cause hurricane sandy is gon find you
nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : american family helps relief effort in nepal :
nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : am
this whole paris thing is just so scary
are you come back to paris soon ?? i miss you last time and i want to see you live so bad
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at aai !
hello all ! happy st . patricks day !
happy saint patrick day to you too !!!!
i've got my green on . happy saint patrick's day !
c'mon its time for torres surely , i can't wait until the irish game for a goal
adrian chiles why can't england pass like spain .!??? why can't he look like megan fox . tossser .
new york feels hurricane sandy impact in its subways , bridges , tunnels : new york -- two days after new
new york feels hurricane sandy impact in its subways , bridges , tunnels : new york -- two days afte
happy sunday !!! i hope everyone in the path of hurricane sandy stays safe .
well at least it's not a hurricane :p i'm doing pretty good thanks . :)
i know you might have had a bad monday but the people in boston and their families have had an even worse monday . keep t
anyone who uses this as a platform for religious preaching is really fucked up . science and good humans will save lives . #
air canada changing cockpit policy after germanwings crash : toronto , march 26 (reuters) - air canada said on t
air canada changing cockpit policy after germanwings crash : toro $mlcg
finally back safe sound in nc we were on a cruise to the bahamas hurricane sandy was literally chasing us home
i'm calling hurricane sandy bluff
wouldn't it be nice to have these turnout percentages during a general election
0.1 % of voters in falkirk unable to answer a yes /no question
category 5 hurricane in florida : k guys nbd .category 1 hurricane in massachusetts : omg guys cancel school hide yo kids hide yo wife
they name it after the person who first finds out about the hurricane
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/trzhaaa2zl
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/j1jz3kxzb9
nepal : searching for missing loved ones with google : people all over the world are turning to soci
can u please help delivering 1000 bottles of water to kathmandu for earthquake victims ? if yes , pls share contact details .
this is the best thing i've read about the boston marathon bombing :
my prayer goes to the boston marathon bombing's victims ..
as today is saint patrick's day . khaleesi will be wearing green .
reason ashton irwin should follow me :happy st patricks day this is my most recent goal so pls
what the fuck are these refs on ?!?!?! how is that an italian free kick ?!
seems to be the perfect reason for to avoid her chores
and n1 in this house cares . they all mock me . uofm loses bad , tigers get embarrassed , and i'm in the middle of a hurricane . fml
some information about hurricanes for kids
so , southern hospitality is good i heard but a little bit sandy
sandy you bitch !! why you burn down so many houses ??? and killed so many pple !. i hate you don't come back
happy saint patrick's day ! do you have irish heritage ?
happy st patricks day to all the people that celebrate x
aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia : west africa outbreak : 2 american aid wor controla
aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia ass
tony abbott condemns 'barbaric' charlie hebdo attack in paris prime minister says security agencies are assessi
two of the charlie hebdo gunmen are brothers , according to police
nigeria fatality shows ebola can spread by air travel
yoooo shits crazy ! nigeria death shows ebola can spread by air travel
dam sandy need to take her ass back to the binki bottom
wow .satellitephoto side-by-side comparison hurricanes irene . really puts things in perspective
my prayers go out to paris tonight i feel so terrible .
sending thoughts and prayers to everyone in paris tonight :(
death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm via /r/worldnews
death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarmthe number of new cases and deaths in guinea ,
a state-by-state look at superstorm sandy's impact
somewhere in soweto there is already a dj hurricane sandy
so , my sister also believes obama engineered hurricane sandy . are you fucking kidding me *literal smh *
stop messing with the easy coast sandy !
netherlands is barcelona in disguise . all the possession and still loses the game !
the royal family must really fancy germany's chances now
the first half of the would've given an aspirin a headache , second half is turning it into a full blown migraine .
for the hard of hearing , is providing subtitles whenever speaks .
retweeted nine news australia video reveals moment of explosion at stade de france during paris
this shabbat i am thinking of all those suffering in paris tonight . may you all see peace in the near future .
thanks lift and taco's tacos . yummy !
are you at sxsw ? i may have something of yours .
see nigerians updating abt hurricane sandy , where the fuck whr u all wen half of nigeria was under water ,
hopefully makes another video like he did for hurricane katrina !
prayers for all of those affected by the earthquakes in nepal
earthquake nepal people's crowd 2015 : via
happy st . patricks /shopping day !
happy st patricks day to u too !! (: please follow
but i think i have some irish in me , so happy st patricks day everyone
everyone feeling lucky today ? happy st . patrick's day !!!!
if you retweet hurricane sandy jokes , i will unfollow you . it's not funny , especially when you have family being affe
if i find that dog sandy my family has left forever to look for i will be so mad
cant believe the bombings in boston ,heartbreaking!
boston explosion : saudi national held as suspect in hospital (report): three people are dead and at least 100
thinking about everyone in stay safe and dry . scary times .
uh oh ! sandy's playin dirty ! state liquor stores closing till further notice
all quiet and clear now after the storm . prayers for all those impacted by - so glad we missed the worst here !
prayers go out to everyone who is and will be effected by sandy
happy st patricks day ! and remember luck has nothing to do with hard work
happy st patricks day to me
google cancels monday android event on hurricane sandy concern : google has cancelled its android
google cancels monday android event on hurricane sandy concern (via
breaking : has cancelled their planned concert for tomorrow night in paris .
bringing you the latest on the attacks in paris for both and
niggas can lie for africa ..hurricane sandy coming to nigeria .1 i'm dead ! lmaooooooooo !
: the law of supply and demand will shorten lines and assure that there is enough food and fuel for those who need it .
this concludes the oral history of saint patricks day . because i'm actually more than 1 /17 irish . carry on .
a little team spirit for st . patrick's day .
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued an
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued an al
report : uber enabled surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage crisis : filed under : etc .
report : uber enabled surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage crisis chris bruce _4vto_
aerial view : what remains of the stupa area after (+4k killed )
rescuers struggle to reach many in - fear worst -via -
happy st . patrick's day ottawa !
happy st patricks day to all of wit , both staff and students past and present all over the world .enjoy the day ,
now we are moving forward thanks to obama !!
let's quit life and sign up for all the free stuff obama hands out !
got a shamrock shake for st . patricks day !
happy st patrick's day ! (unless you're a snake )
if obama is re-elected for president i might just have to leave the country .
yes my vote is for you obama
next time a cop tells me to get on the sidewalk i'm gonna tell him to fuck off ! and then reach for his gun !
come on stop attacking how are you throwing rocks at the reporters . protest right !
i hope everyone made it through the night safely . share your favorite hurricane tale with me . remember to stay indoors until all clears .
along with all of the coveragewe'll preview the season with at 9 :40.
my heart goes out to the people of paris and the victims of this senseless attack .
paris attacks : is this how ww3 begins ?
[marc a . pitman , fundraisingkick ] leading your fundraising in the wake of sandy
leading your fundraising in the wake of sandy
live notes for mentor session : malorie lucich at
live notes for mentor session : shawn fanning at
it's moose's favorite holiday !!! happy st . patrick's day everyone !!
what is your favorite st . patrick's day activity ?
so me ..happy st patrick's day .
my st . patricks day is official now !! how are you ?
eehhh no i dont think so . it would be illegal .
sorry but a poll of only 1800 people cannot be an accurate representation of the population of scotland
sydney hostage crisis ends ; two dead as police storm cafe
police storm lindt cafe firing live ammunition - dramatic end to sydney s : via
germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz examined for vision problems - wall street journal : wall street journalger
germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz examined for vision problems - wall street journal
the hurricane has made me lose my marbles !don't believe me ,watch my youtube video .hurricane sandy madness : via
has affected a massive area . 4 colo volunteers joined 1700 red crossers in the response , more locals may
amen ! our focus needs to be only on him ! hoping i will hear more about god coming from nyc /new jersey people after sandy .
a woman just walked in to journey's from staten island who lost everything she had in the hurricane . she was still smiling .
holy fucking st patricks day !!!
it's still st . patrick's day in five points !
new york city homeless rate hits record high before hurricane sandy
hurricane in new york is actually so bad :/
hope y'all follow up on biz owners threatening to close shop / go galt if obama won . are they stupid enough to do it ?
obama is president . once you go black , you never go back
i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day lmfao
i forgot it's st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day to all of our bubble blowing friends !
wishing everyone a happy st . patrick's day today !
i couldn't watch the new ncis because hurricane sandy blew out my power , where can i watch the new episode ?
this is in front of my building hurricane sandy
ari would like to wish you all a happy st patrick's day
happy st . patricks day !! come drink a beer with us !!
happy saint patricks to ye all !!!! slainte
happy st . patrick's day from everyone here at the guthy-jackson charitable foundation ! are you wearing your
match report : russia vs poland ; 140 arrested and dozen injured but football was th
[arsenal blogs ] match report : russia vs poland ; 140 arrested and dozen injured but football was the
bharatserials aftermath of sandy to be felt for a few more days in new york - cnn-ibn-live-news-watchonline : as
bharatserials sandy expected to cause a huge financial loss to the us - cnn-ibn-live-news-watchonline : with the
after sandy , gas lines stretch for miles
after sandy , gas lines stretch for miles : motorists in new york and new jersey are lining up for
i bet now celtic fans aren't happy !! support ur own nation . oh forgot u aren't good enough to get haha !
its all becoming clear now .. (; good luck pal . uphill struggle from here ! i backed the draw earlier and that's m
happy st . patrick's day to my idols and
day 17 ~ 120 seconds !!! happy st . patrick's day !!!
if you have a problem with romney concession speech you have a problem with yourself .
romney insulted your intelligence . to a point where even i questioned whether you had any !
do i actually have to be festive for work tonight ? i'm serving little kids i don't even think they know what st . patricks day is
drinking on is an olympic sport , with no medals and no memories the next day . cheers !
so happy to hear that obama won
so , obama won . good . i haven't lost faith in you , americans .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pgmifbsqao
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/8iartd4gsx
follow me a hurricane is hitting my state
i'm totally going to get stuck in hurricane sandy , goddamnit
shots fired on parliament hill and war memorial in ottawa ! canadian solider shot ! be save !
a canadian soldier shot and america all over it
means tweetingx 10 for me lmao , sorry for spamming your tl people
it's because marwijk throw you , and wear willem .. pfff holland
'it's not actually the choice ' mn-it's not iniminiminimo between reduced taxes and investment in public services
howlin , sf were wrong on supporting bailout , saying we needed second bailout . wrong on every point over last 5 years
dafuq . don't tease me like that !
great goal by varela to secure the 3 -2 win for portugal . a little help from above perhaps ? rip francisco vieira
more pics of members after . will fight hard to make sure their work is recognized .
us la sandy , indiala nilam . what's in denmark then ? :p
happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends . what a weekend you all had .
happy st . patrick's day ! is it considered good luck to kiss someone who's irish ? x
thoughts and prayers to the good people of paris .
does it ever end ?! prayers for those in paris
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kduttgocwd
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hgtdtpn4g0
happy st patrick's day everyone . because today we are all irish !
happy st . patrick's day ! get the facts
a gun ? if you're that bored , go play with sandy
what time is little things coming out in ny ? i can stay up all night ((get it (-;;;;;)) bc of hurricane sandy so w .e
our prayer thoughts 4 d people in paris all over d world who need ur protection lord ,amen!#aldubhappybdaylola
prayers . if you really believe in god , truly pray for those in paris .
now that has , we can finally focus on the important things : new grey's anatomy this thursday
super producer just blaze and me .. obama 4 more years !!! toca tuesday ..
we are ready for you hurricane sandy !!!
why does the hurricane have to be named sandy
happy st . patrick's day !! have fun and be safe tonight !
green design inspiration for your home . happy st . patrick's day !
the fact that is not trending jus let's u know that the media let's us see wht ever they want to stay woke
the mia potus has been found . he is now on cnn .
happy st . patrick's day from the o'briens !!!
happy st . patrick's day btw everyone !!
lahore under attack in a park where children and familys have come to enjoy .#innocentchilds
any asshole confused about whose war it is ?
there is no excuse for excessive force by police or any action that denies people's right to protest peacefully -pres
potus : there is no excuse for exsessive force by police , or any action that denies people the right to protest peacefully .
just to let everyone know , what's going on in can easily happen in your town
how would be reported if it happened in another country -
nepal * love . it's indeed very saddening .
nepal earthquake update : more than 1400 dead [breaking news ]
poll gives obama a slight edge over romney as us begins voting for its next - ibnlive
romneyobama tomorrow you meet with the judges and only one of you will be crowned americas next top model
complimentary makeup applications from and the 1 st ever sxsw beauty survival kit from bb5 ! :)
if you are going to sxsw can you at least do me the favor of figuring out where is doing his show and seeing it ? for me ?
when is podolski going to turn up ?
packing for kyoto , eating breakfast , and watching
go on scotland , do the right thing ! your duke believes in you !
glasgow seems to be the true capital of scotland right now . i wish i was there , it seems to be where all the fun is !!
two dead , dozens hurt in boston bombs : boston police chief ed davis said there was a third explosion at the john
im suprised nd shocked . i only seen two tweets about the boston marathon
tribune sydney siege : anticipating backlash , australians start campaign to support muslims
sydney siege : anticipating backlash , australians start campaign to support mus
people complaining bout the electoral college but obama won the popular vote too next they'll be complaining about elections in general
people just need to get it thur they head obama is still the president !
have a savage st patrick day world home
happy st . patricks day from the rock !
blog post : why it's silly to think sandy is like irene
blog : why it's silly to think sandy is like irene
ok all these hurricane sandy tweets are so frigging funny
drunk off of formula chilling with hurricane sandy .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mxq7lhrygm
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ltnahfppfy
hurricane sandy ? every tornado is a girls name , df
video : hurricane sandy threatens early voting
youtube down cuz of sandy smh a soon as its fixed i'll post my video
shit . if i lived in canada i wouldn't have to deal with this hurricane
thanks to and his wonderful wife , it is a happy st . patrick's day !
- not only is it st . patricks day ., its my baby addies 3 rd birtthdayyy .!
i honestly didn't know today was st . patrick day .
i didn't even do anything for st patricks day !! x
black box reportedly reveals panic at cockpit door in germanwings crash : there are alarming new question (cbs)
pilot was locked out of cockpit before germanwings air crash : report
i liked a video from paris attacks 2015 - why we cant let terrorism win
travel insurance firms assisting travelers impacted by paris attacks via travelpulse
i hope you're not thinking i support what happened in i obv can't speak about racism like you can .
just saw the police presser . if anyone believes that pile of feces , you need to have your head examined .
private autopsy conducted by michael brown's family says he was shot 6 times ; one shot in the top of his skull .
i wonder if anyone tear gassed or shot rubber bullets at them
feel so sorry 4 the 2 ppl who died an 4 ppl who r injured in sydney
ok . just watching the news updates about sydney atm . so awful :(
global music news : introducing every music app from trade show : guest post by eliot
introducing every music app from trade show : guest post by eliot van buskirk of evolver .fm.
lmao my mom just called me saying she's watching the news and the hurricane ain't no joke we need to get our socks togethe
well i need him to get over it . its about to be a hurricane i need company
news : perth | st patrick's day 2014 : london's best irish pubs and bars | pubs and bars : an early aft
vote irish 4 welfare on st . patrick's day !
i'd love to be in today . happy st .patrick's day everyone !
happy st . patrick's day ! hv a wndfl day all !!
happy motherfuggin st . patrick's day fuckers
happy st . patrick's day ! add a little luck to your morning !
my prayers go out to the people that where harmed in any way by hurricane sandy .
hurricane sandy she all bad
happy st . patrick's day to our lovely friends today !
happy st . patrick's day burdastylers ! sew something green today .
fear , cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak : accra (reuters) - west african states l
fear , cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak : accra (reuters) - west african states lack the
i get chills thinking about the people that will be effected by this hurricane :(
sandy fuck my school up , not my house
looks like there's going to be a hurricane outside . lol my family are walking the dog in that .
dc superior court monitoring hurricane
before hurricane sandy sweeps me away , please follow us . we're 2 devout joey girls ,
so the hurricane is in boston ??? i wanted to live there as well ! :/
prayers go out too all in paris
keeping paris in our hearts tonight .
kao =s at sxsw japan nite , original and spectacular fuses traditional japan with the modern , lot of great photos .
kao =s at sxsw japan nite , original and spectacular fuses traditional japan with the modern , lot of
do you have your green on today ? come in our store and get a pair of the st patrick's 990 's
happy st . patrick's day from tower !
are we back - yeah we're back . happy st .patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day !! you better wear your green or you are going to get pinched ! ;)
wooohoo , no work tomorrow ! thanks sandy !
at nyu gettin ready for hurricane sandy .
sandy got you down ? comcast offering free wifi to affected regions , itunes allowing red via
techies are reading sandy got you down ? comcast offering free wifi to affected regions , itunes allowing red cros
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rrv5jv4e9b
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jhrtsuz2xv
2 dead , 7 arrested in raid targeting paris attack mastermind : traitor obama will not protect americans via
after the paris attacks , it's time to - the daily dot
literally crying from all these hurricane sandy accounts .
can this hurricane get here so i don't have to go to work or school
happy st patricks day my fellow bog trotters
happy st . patrick's day from sean cline and the team at !!
eyewitness : paris , france : photographs from the eyewitness series continue reading
he does look like an uninformed moron
happy st patricks day to all our members and friends !
happy st . patricks day !! luck of the zealish .
wow gas is 320 . thanx hurricane sandy .
ny state sandy hotline call 1 -800-339-1759 for insurance questions 8 am to 8 pm weekdays and 9 am -4pm weekends
danish paper ups security after charlie hebdo attack : copenhagen (afp) - the danish newspaper t
danish paper ups security after charlie hebdo attack : copenhagen (afp) - the danish newspaper that caused a global s
hurricane sandy better go back tooo where the fuck see came from !
hurricane sandy fuck is this sponge bob ?!
hurricane sandy fucked up someone's car :o
you gotta check out the newest episode ,fat headz !hurricane sandy perspectives ,halloween costumes ,george lucas ,marvel,disney,bieber,and more !
pic of my lawn for st patricks day .
st .patrick's day ! had a great one ! :)
we're in a terrible economy ! van hollen d-md (democrate - liberal - obama supporter )
america , listen to your canadian friend and follow this photo tomorrow :
happy st . patrick's day harry ! can you please follow me to make my day better ?o
happy st . patrick's day ! come make us part of your celebrations today with some of our funky paddy day foods !
can every day be st . patrick's day ? lead the way
who's drinking this happy st . patrick's day ? i know i am ! :d
goodbye sxsw . learned a lot , met some great people . next stop , a 2 am arrival in newark airport . ah well .
i'll be one of those annoying people filling your tweets with crap about this week . sorry .
my st . patricks day selfie
just now i notice it's st .patrick's day
nb : number of deaths at charlie hebdo not confirmed
france : paris : 10 people have been shot dead at the headquarters of the magazine charlie hebdo .
whatever their cause , terrorists will never silence a free press , they simply harden our resolve . thoughts are with
this . and buy a subscription as well ! r //t.co/rblalw0d4w
warning : if you want to read the headline of the new york times's article on , bring a magnifying glass
r 7 minutes until the protests starts . icelanders have never been this timely .
what lies ahead for those who survive the deadly ebola virus ?
people busy making distasteful jokes about the ebola virus families are in mourning as we speak , unfunny guys
we would like to wish you all a happy st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day - all around !
wait what even is the point of st .patricks day
happy st . patrick's day ! and yes , i really am irish .
great strike . hart saw it late
quality strike by nasri , hart should have probably saved it ! oh well , come on england !
why did everyone think today was st patricks day haha it's on monday ??
for not being a mick i love st . patricks day
my dad wanted to spend quality time with me but then the internet and cable came back on thanks hurricane sandy
you are in the way of the hurricane ?you have to get out of there ! no but seriously , stay safe man
ugh i was really looking forward to sxsw though :/
tell melat i hope she does amazing at sxsw ! (:
360 i's has written the best sxsw post i've read so far this year what sxsw attendees need most
i'm gonna need a clone this week to catch everthing going on for sxsw !
tsn's top ten greatest hits in nhl history ,,happy st . patricks day !
thanks ! happy st . patrick's day , from usa .
happy st paddys day all the irish folk , especially teammates and
happy st patricks day to all my irish mates , have a tot on me .
fuck a st patrick's day tomorrow is just a regular day for me
wearing so much green for st patricks day tomorrow
please dont translate about paris
brian williams is in paris tonight , i'm sure of it !
the brits are taking on st . patricks day . to be continued
i'm in the st . patrick's day parade ! hanging out with the
dear irene , fu $! you ! tee hee tee hah xo sandy bitch central !
photo : dear irene , fu $! you ! tee hee tee hah xo sandy (at bad bitch central !)
some things you find while shopping on st . patricks day !
spending st . patricks day home alone wooo
the is the only time when i can't wait for commercials to come on
rt need 16 more followers b4 i gift . will it happen during the ? make it happen b4 next commercial break ! do it !
may st . patrick guard you wherever you go ,and guide you in whatever you do--and may his loving protection be a
happy st . patricks day /snow day , we are out there if anyone needs anything !
literally the scariest thing . i called 911 lol apparently rioting in solidarity w , but mostly just scaring ppl
the national guard ? no , additional steps resources (as the gov is ordering the nat'l guard )
devastating earthquake in nepal : humanitarian relief and tackling poverty : yesterday a terrible earthquake sh
# humanitarian relief and tackling poverty : yesterday a terrible earth
obama 48 % fuck nigga 47 % that's too close !!!
i love obama what he doinbut fuck aw that ..we need clinton againthat wuz the real nigga !
happy st . patricks day ! check out our suitably green art of kombat gallery :
seems like u are celebrating st .patrick day by guzzling up a lot of guiness , chief .
slightly weirded out that i have to present my id at the gym and to shop at hm , but not to vote in an election . today
after you vote , make your way to the watch party w /
ah , memories ! the first time i voted was when i was a gaucho ! i voted for clinton . get out and vote , gauch
so proud of team and for putting together this coverage on the extremely impressiv
hello hermanita , im good preparing my stuff before sandy hits . how are you ?
biden says safety , not campaign , tops as hurricane approaches
wait .. it was st .patrick's day yesterday ? o .o
happy st patricks day from the two most confused red wings fans lololololol
im glad sandy won't worth a fuck my power never went out and i got a day off thanks sandy
powerful computers , software , satellites aid forecasters evaluating hurricane - international business times
heading out now to celebrate st . patrick's day . got my green on just waiting to get my drink on
jon are you ready for st . patrick's day ? i'm irish , german , icelandic by way of canada . yeah , i got this .
hopefully sandy turn cause it's gone be sooooo freaking flooded !
katrina is making you look bad sandy .
said he looks like obama . lol
bah it's 2012 haha , obama has won the electioooon !
happy st . patrick's day now lets drink :-) wine and spirits )
happy st . patrick's day ! believe it or not , the color of was not actually green , but blue !
investigation of the solider shooting is underway at the national war memorial .
shout out to for keeping us canadians in the loop with facts surrounding shootings in ottawa . exemplary reporting .
happy st . patrick's day ..i'm a lucky dog !!!
wishing all of you a happy st .patrick's day !
okay sandy , we get it ! calm the f *** down now .
did y'all get hit with sandy yet or are we in the rest of the country still waiting on pins and needles ?
101 year old man pulled out of rubble alive one week after nepal earthquake .: submitted by notsocourageous [
101 year old man pulled out of rubble alive one week after nepal earthquake .: submitted by not
bbc | in pictures : battling ebola in west africa : life and death in the battle against west africa
in pictures : battling ebola in west africa : life and death in the battle agains
i -35 is freaking closed . closed ! i don't care if there's ebola-infested zombie tarantulas all over the road . you can't close i -35.
ebola virus threatens uk - hammond . stay in a hemsworth , never leave ! just too dangerous .
not much damage done so far near me . thank the lord . i think it's cause was my hurricane buddy .
praying still for the ones in harm's way of sandy ..
looks like sandy took down imessaging .
mitt denies global warming - would respond to sandy like storms by privatizing fema and establishing department of building arks
i'm turning 11 on wednesday and all my priorities rn are helping paris (on twitter )
our thoughts are with everyone in paris . stay safe , stay strong .
i forgot about st .patrick's day
patty brackets ? it is st . patrick's day after all
how slave labourers in the uk built the beds you bought at john lewis via thank the
having read this article , i feel a lot more clearer about the in /out arguments on the eu referendum
update 1 -brussels suicide bomber's brother condemns his acts : paris , march 24 (reuters) - a brother of brussel
update 1 -brussels suicide bomber's brother condemns his acts
earthquake last week . hurricane sandy on its way . maine to possibly get nor'easter soon .
currently trending : marina krim , lil wayne , lena dunham , hurricane sandy , on google search .
my birthday is on st .patrick's day .. so am i irish yet ?
vodka sculling video seems appropriate on st patrick's day
post-racial america killer cops viaoutside agitators 2 be shot
obama holder wage war like a criminal investigation go 2 war on us police
to beat these fucking germans u r going dowwwnnnn
hoping jan huntelaar get a nod ahead of robin van persie for tonight game against germany
please keep our brothers and sisters in nepal in your prayers today .
massive earthquake kills over 150 people in nepal via
happy st patrick's day mother redcap w /
you have a great day and happy st .patrick day to you
time to stuff myself and hide in my dorm for this hurricane
here comes the start of hurricane sandy
france have a terrible recent tournament record but hoping they really show up england here ! going 2 -0 france
hold on does have a jawline ? that's the round-est face i have ever seen on a man
congratulation to president obama for a 2 nd term .
but is obama and american govt . is serious to climate change ?
democracy would be awesome , if the idiot public didn't fuck it up
since the i now feel the saltire reminds me of the yes campaign rather than this beautiful country in which we all live
nc $ canada's parliament attacked , soldier fatally shot nearby
clinic canada's parliament attacked , soldier fatally shot nearby
david stern hurricane katrina was years ago ! its sandy !!
david stern blew it he said hurricane katrina . boy it's sandy son !
opening an exclusive wine bar for republicans , to a speakeasy , called the
obama wins the u .s. presidential elections . ! ! reelected , eight years in the white house !
emotive choice of day to engage in control : tactics
st . patrick's day dinner specials featuring potato soup , house made corned beef , lobster in whiskey cream sauce , venison shepherd's pie
storify : hurricane sandy - most dramatic photos and content
i wish i could help those people from hurricane sandy . pray hard for those survivors .
we need a secretary of commerce !! romney ??
thank you mitt ann romney-we truly love you . america is not safe-please stand with us as
i had forgot happy st .patrick's day !!!
oh , happy day ! happy st . patrick's day !
forgot how exciting tournament football is !
and yes szcenczy is the same keeper that played for .
report issues by calling 1 -866-our-vote or
just voted ! get out and do the same
*four explosions heard at paris porte de vincennes hostage site where supermarket hostage situation is
via gunfire and new explosions heard at site of hostage-taking in eastern paris - reuters reporter
im so glad hurricane sandy didn't come our way . i do not feel like picking up tree limbs for 3 hours again .
long island residents prepare for hurricane sandy and -
not oz -three deadly shootings in pennsylvania as gunman remains on loose
update : martin place gunman man haron monis 'slipped through the cracks ' excuses , excuses , this nut should not have been out on bail !
britain heightens security after paris attack
yare california student dies in paris attacks - usa today : usa todaycalifornia student dies in paris atta yare
i dont think it's a muslim or islam did . islam is a nice religion .
me as a muslim and pakistani strongly condemn these attacks . hope that all the injured ones shall get well soon .#attack
bbc - video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over the bahamas towards th
video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over the bahamas towards the us , having reportedly killed so
every year st . patrick's day looks more like the gathering of the juggalos
something festival for st . patrick's day . hahahaha
i had such a great time with you guys on friday for the opener ! i'm happy poland felt at home tonic bar ,
portugal vs germany . this is going to be exciting . am all the way
dtn world news : scores killed in paris terror attacks ; police storm theater with hostages : french president de
just heard what happened in paris . how could someone do that ?
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gqvc0upv2o
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vxx4zuqdgn
as long as you're in line at your polling place before the polls close , you'll get to vote .
ohio is starting to close -- looking good for
what makes st patrick ;s day special ? via
good thing carrots come with a green bushy top . happy st . patricks day !!
wishing a very happy st patricks day to another favourite band of mine
wishing you all a very happy st patrick's day and all have a good old drink tonight :-)
corpse of first ebola patient in lagos burnt : the remains of the fi
!! corpse of first ebola patient in lagos burnt : the remains of the first victim of via
yeah i literally have no idea , but romney is a asshole
ky fired their football couch cause he couldn't fix the program in 2 years . obama has had 4 to fix the economy . time to fire him .
jet airways starts pulling out grounded planes from brussels : jet airways on thur
jet airways starts pulling out grounded planes from brussels : jet airways on thursday started pulling o
it's sad that i'm excited about hunter getting closed tomorrow so i have more time to do homework
girl be saferemember that storm in atl too crazy
well happy st . patrick's day to everyone else as well . this is pretty much the only time i would even consider drinking :)
join us for fare happy st . patrick's day
super jelavic doing what he does best ! get in there
it looks like something is burning in the field its probably evaporation
don't panic about the hurricane , keep calm , roll a blunt and feel like you're flying when in reality you're being fucked by the wind lol
how about this : you don't have to stop tweeting about , but you can include more about the .
my bro is in boston :(plus i'm going the next week
i liked a video boston bombing 04 /15/2013
alert !!! deadly ebola virus hits lagos ! ! preventive measures more visit
nigeria holds its breath : has deadly ebola virus reached lagos ? - yahoo news uk
my hurricane party just turned frm ok to hoy shit
the northeast isn't the only place being pounded by wind and waves from sandy . check out this amazing footage
news : how will hurricane sandy affect the internet ? [video] see more
just wondering exactly how bad hurricane sandy can be when it's only category 1 ??
we're gonna be up in boston next week , i hope there's something we can do to help
caused a plane to remove two arab speakers since marathon runners from got nervous .
i am highly enjoying these commercials !
ok , i liked the commercial ! were a nice touch .
anyone can tell me what happen to boston boh ?
tragedy in boston , mass . yesterday !!! so sad :(
hurricane irene was gassed crazy . you could actually count the raindrops .
if this hurricane blows my power again i swear on my soul that i will most likely do nothing .
halftime . time to get back to real life and prepare for the storm .
ppl preparing for this hurricane tho lol
despite paris attacks , democratic candidates trade sharpest barbs over wall street
despite paris attacks , democratic candidates trade sharpest barbs over wall street via
happy st . patrick's day for this no d in patrick ? no b in william either .#yegoat
wishing a wonderful happy st . patrick's day to all my friends !
dtn italy : crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting i
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meet celebrate life !
it should be hurricane shaniqua or hurricane shanaynay
news : pre-sandy , marts meh : stocks slid last week , following weak quarterly results . for the week , the dow jone
that's right brady , tuck the ball away and take the sack !!
brady should've ran that ball . if you're going to get sacked anyway you might as well go out with style .
did anyone else not have any clue that it was st . patricks day ?
having a great st . patrick's day
happy and enjoying the fact that my president is still barack obama !!!! the american people choose to have
someone just told me that they was so happy that obama won because they knew i was wrong . i'm so confused right now .
american teen who survived brussels tells harrowing account of airport attack : mason wells , a 19 -year-old from
american teen who survived brussels tells harrowing account of airport attack : mason well via
press conference now : governor of missouri and community leaders . curfew state of emergency declared : 12 am - 5 am starts today .
state of emergency declared in and a curfew from 12 -5 will be enforced .
romney his children of the corn followers need to get the hell off my tv screen
according to unofficial polls obama is predicted to win by 85 %. what are these polls ? 7 -11 cup poll and the halloween mask sales .
hurricane sandy is seriously worrying me . hurricanes do not belong here .
this was more the hurricane i'm pretty sure
aka time to listen to my dad and brother yell at the tv
i thought gray & keys used to drag out the pre-match chat , enough already !!! what time does the freaking game start ?
happy st patricks day yamas slainte
happy st patricks day to all of you ! be smart and drive safe !!!
im blown that hurricane sandy has multiple twitter accounts -___-
fuck everybody that's not takin hurricane sandy serious !!!! lol
thank you for the amazing support over the years ! happy st patrick's day to you all !
happy st . patrick's day ! i am one lucky girl .
man fuck to bitch ass team fucking obama all day bitch
johnson county goes 58 % romney . disappointing .
here's what : i don't have trees ; one of your bitch cousins already took out my basement ; i love candles take
sandy's 11 pm forecast from ntnl hurricane ctr . center ashore further south ; worse for nj coastal erosion to storm's ne
happy st . patrick's day !!! why green ?
happy st . patricks day ! from the former colleen fitzpatrick !!
automakers post gains , but sandy may have hurt : automakers reported another month of improved car
foster design build automakers post gains , but sandy may have hurt : automakers reported another mont robert berg
another 4 years with president obama . is it wrong to feel scared ? why can't i feel the audacity of hope ? god help us and our president .
my president ..excuse me ..our president is barack hussein obama for 4 more yearsy'all don't like it ?? so what ..but you will respect it !!!!
more 2012 superbowl commercials - super bowl xlvi
niggas takin ' off to get pissy drunk b4 the super bowl lmao
my crazy st . patrick day plans ? cold hard cider while doing homework .
happy st . patricks day every body . let's drink .
, obama's not perfect , but i know he's not romney .. fucking mitt will bring us back to them bush days .. we all know how that went
it's all about obama people !
prayers to everyone affected by the tragedy in paris
please , join us and say a prayer for paris .
i know you was moon walkin when obama got re elected
congratulation to obama but tbh i don't really care who won the election cause we live in the uk and it ain't going to effect us over here
top o ' the morning happy st . patrick's day one all !
happy st patrick's day to everyone from all the girl's at the waterside :-)
beauty care : orlane paris extreme line-reducing lip care , .5-ounce brand new in box deals
reporting error falsely implicates sony's ps4 in paris attacks : context and timing lead to confusion and
typhoon hagupit update typhoon hagupit makes landfall and slams the philippines | watch :
typhoon news : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in philippines as 1 million flee -
live notes for mentor session : cathy brooks at
live notes for mentor session : william barko at
coastal flooding , on the scale of sandy , will become much more commonplace in the coming decades due to
glad to hear that everything is ok with you ! is that furious sandy still far away from the place you live in ? :)
st . patrick's day = need to flee midtown east stat .
happy st . patrick's day preparatory academy ) on
brussels attack lapses acknowledged by belgian justice minister via
brussels attack lapses acknowledged by belgian justice minister : the comments by the justice minister , koen ge
police say more than 10,000 people gathered in in support of victims
police : more than 10,000 people have gathered in lyon , in support of charlie hebdo - via
tourists from gujarat stranded in nepal or their kin can contact control room at g'nagar : 079 -23251900/902/907/908/914/918.
baba ramdeo is in nepal . how r they .
ban the stutter step penalty kick .
eeek the way i hate penalties . it's no way to go out !!
: following germanwings crash , some airlines to require 2 crew members in cockpit at all times : airli
following germanwings crash , some airlines to require 2 crew members in cockpit at all times : airlines a
shocking last moments of a sinking boat with /
cameron bows to pressure to let in more syrian refugees
our thoughts go out to everyone in paris !
breaks my heart thinking about what's happening in paris this evening , i don't know how people are so twisted
god ! i wish i was in chi right now !
obama : we want our children to live in america that isn't burdened by debt or weakened by inequality .
all my prayers go out to everyone in paris now :(
i feel so deeply for the people of paris .
why does everyone want ireland to win ? it's not like they will be rooting for england tomorrow .
foresight shown by ireland , wearing barcodes on their socks to facilitate their checkout from the competition .
let's all take a moment and pray for those affected by the . truly sad to wake up to this news .
tonight my prayer goes to the people in
he did not need to do either . the obama voters were never listening . the scathing of the candidate is not energy efficient
even big bird gave obama four more years
r .i.p to the people who died in the boston bombings !#pray4boston
newtown runners , families safe after boston marathon bombings : six runners ran the race as part of team newtow
spain v italy at noon tomorrow followed by ireland v croatia at 2 :45pm!
too failed to shine but a goal sealed their first victory
aer lingus is doing the honors .. happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! have you ever traveled to ireland ?
i'm not into this hurricane shit -_- i'm stayin home ..
off to sroa in cambridge - conference hurricane in 1 !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/v1fbqsbln0
there has never been more need for a # to really change something .
fresh news !: sxsw 2012 bj the chicago kid and joy star perform at vibe house
fresh news !: sxsw 2012 6 reasons and step kids rock at vibe house
these hurricane sandy accounts about boring and corny .
we would like to offer our thoughts and prayers to those impacted by hurricane sandy .
i came home to the news of so many lives shattered . paris changed my world once forever . the world stands w /france tonight .
i don't know what hapenned in paris but
the fact that some people think that deserves more attention than paris makes me lose faith in the american people .
now we freak out when 150 people were killed in paris and start acting like goody-goody . wow , such a wonderful humanity .
so many thoughts on . so many times i've deleted draft tweets . such sorrow about what i'm seeing . we've got so much work to do . sad
get your people local football team helmets . eek
new conference now taking place in ottawa with rcmp .
ottawa police chief says ottawa police got multiple calls just before 10 p .m. about shooting . soldier and shooter are both dead .
i'm still in shock over what happened in boston today , the world can be a dark place
difficult to clear the mind enough to sleep tonight . more determined than ever to run boston . lots of praying .
dtn india : paris attacks : is men trained for modern war with internet playing a major role : new delhi : the eig
ettn paris attacks : is men trained for modern war with internet playing a major role : new delhi : the eight who
we've had the first incident of racism at and everyone is just carrying on . that means everyone is saying its acceptable . shameful
will the next match russia vs czech republic be as exciting as the first game poland v greece what an opener for the !!
romney wants you to pay more taxes consider you poor
don't buy into romney's faulty plan
happy st patricks day . great dramatic timing to win the rugby 6 nations on last match , what a hero .
banging out a bit of cheesy pop this morning in celebration of st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day ! here's 10 songs about all things green :
welcome back longhorns and happy st . patrick's day ! be sure to wear your green today when you stop by the g
come on now ya'll know some ppl using and abusing obama's name not everyone is racist idc what no one says !!
first snow of the year ! obama president ; nice cozy fire to sit near !
happy st . patrick's day ! add something green to your life !
happy st . patrick's day !! green furniture counts too , right ?
cupcake charlie's is open and has a hurricane cupcake !
our thoughts go out to upsers , their families and all of the communities affected by hurricane . ^at
st patricks party . so good !
5 fun st . patrick's day crafts for kids
denmark have a big problem , in that they have no real leader on the pitch - someone like the stig tofting of old .
just seen replay of rvp miss ..hahaha how the fuck did that happen !!!
we are so lucky that we don't have extreme weather like america are having right now !!
the president has signed a major disaster declaration for connecticut (fema-4087-dr) for hurricane sandy
great st . patricks day goodnight everybody
has just made me hate st patrick's day
not in the st . patricks day mood this year
please someone explain to me why st . patricks day is a holiday .
what do you think of the man on the roof photo taken in boston ?
i must admit i'm pretty surprised very few of the people i'm following and the friends i have on facebook have mentioned
my dad took the day off to watch
listening to and at half time on while watching the table analysis was weird
tired of all the political tv ads ? so are obama romney - that's why they've turned to radio .
why you must vote for america not obama ! the economic implications of the impending election :
what lessons from hurricane sandy ?
it's been real hurricane sandy
complete media black out commencing now for germany-holland game . don't ruin it for me . want to be surprised when i watch tonight .
commentators keep calling them holland . that's like calling england hampshire . holland is a region , netherlands is the country !
happy st patrick's day . dinner with the roommates !
bombs have been dropped ! happy st patrick's day !
just kidding . would love to hear about sxsw from you .
rt if ur goin to j .cole at sxsw tomorrow !
happy at patricks day to my babe xxxxx
happy st .patrick 's day to you and your family
cnn - sandy grounds thousands of flights worldwide : thousands of flights to and from the east coast of the unite
how about that sandy grounds thousands of flights worldwide : thousands of flights to and from the east coast of
thinking of those being affected by today . i hope people evacuated and found safe shelter while the storm goes through .#besafe
the deadline for competition has been extended due to hurricane sandy . no new date has been set yet .
newest post - two americans on germanwings flight were mother and daughter : a drexel university graduate and
two americans on germanwings flight were mother and daughter : a drexel university graduate and her mo
all thoughts and prayers with the people of ottawa . hope that everyone is safe .
thoughs and prayers with those in ottawa today ! keep safe !
breaking : french and german intelligence services knew paris attack was coming a month ago : paris attac
montreal is behind you paris . quebec
we at sweetfrog hopes that everyone is safe after sandy :)
sandy is filling your sewers up ! what is a ghoul to do ?
fun ride but romney's going down
and respect for mitt romney based on what i read on his saving the olympics . my boston friend really supported romney
have , the entire state of decided this week to no longer follow the most basic laws of our country ??
so there are so many witnesses i wonder will this cop will get off ?!
watch amp ; read : jay-z's sxsw show shared via
s /o 2 my fam at sxsw sorry couldnt make it out there .
obama ,liberal iconic representative ,voted 3 times for bill that a child born alive after abortion should be left to die w
romney garners obama's military endorsements times 100 via this is huge . military leaders do not trust o
i'm leaving the country if obama does'n't win ..!
wanna thank mitt romney for making me late to work and not find a parking spot . if i'm ticketed , it's on him .
obama can smoke the herbs again
this is why i fuck w / obama
spain vs italy today at 12 :) lets go !!!
spain-italy first up today in .
we've got beer , we're ready to hunker down . if it looks like romney will win , i'm heading to the bomb shelter .
romney will win indiana , cnn projects via
sandy must have done some pretty serious damage if schools are still being closed
the bad thing is i have a history test tomorrow ! and the weathers terrible here because of hurricane sandy ! :/ x
happy st . patrick's day to mei'm a lucky girl !!
happy st . patricks day weekend . anyone seen a naked leprechaun lately ?
it's not choosing between obama romney , it's choosing between right wrong ! there's enough wrong in the world , don't add more
obama needs to win the election ! hes such a dude !
standing by on ap2 for possible newser on home shootings-pennsylvania , also alert for news from sydney on hostage /police operation
micheal a retweet for the crap that just went down in aussie ?lives lost
adidas , boston marathon sponsor , responds to explosions
my thoughts are with boston today . horrible .
new video shows horror of isis cafe attack
survivor : i am still living the horror of isis attacks
philippines : typhoon hagupit threatens landslides : source : cnn
cnn news - philippines : typhoon hagupit threatens landslides :
prayers going out to everyone in boston !! what world do we live in ???!!!
buzz ! you guys dint go to boston to run , did you ?
the only time his lights ever been out was in this hurricane
chale this hurricane sandy ruin things waaa
happy st . patrick's day from the cbab team ! 3
she has a cute smile !!! happy st . patrick day
happy st . patrick's day | guinness factory , dublin |
happy st patricks day niall make there a great day off ;) xxx
happy st patricks day tweeps ! may the luck of the irish be with you !
happy st patrick's day everyone ! (don't forget your sunblock !)
fuck sandy we out here
just to cause a stirrup maybe sandy is the start of the zombie apocalypse .
i bought a whole bunch of st .patricks day inspired sock a couple weeks ago and i could only find 1 this morning . not 1 pair . just 1 sock .
st . patrick's day ? no , there's something much more important to celebrate today - happy birthday , cale !
happy st . patrick's day , y'all ! i hope you've donned something green . otherwise , you're going to have lots of
oh hey happy st . patrick's day btw
poet destroys the fallacy of 'black-on-black' crime in 2 mins
i don't know what was worst the presser the police chief gave yesterday ,orthe governor presser today
i think we can all agree we won't get the truth behind hurricane sandy until alex jones puts out his next podcast .
you come all this way to experience a hurricane bro ?
happy st . patrick's day ! on behalf of staff and students , we welcome you all back to school . hope you had a great march break .
fun to see all the anit-relgion folks celebrating a religious holiday today . happy st . patrick's day to my fellow irish , cheers !
now i need to become a doctor and pay for all this debt ! thanks obama
thank you u .s. for re-electing obama !!!!
england launch their bid on monday with roy hodgson admitting his players are fully aware of what's expected . ht
looking forward to monday morning ! the french have to make amends for the last world cup .
let's hope btc give out mins for sandy's passing ^_^
somewhere where it's sandy , cali or miami
hurricane sandy's comming .. hmm .. wonder when halloweens gonna be .
seriously no motivation to write this dialogue for philosophy . can hurricane sandy come visit florence for a little ?
i demand a hurricane day off from school as apology for not having a single snow day last school year
what you need to know if hits hard in new jersey
happy st . patricks day 2014 from tfc . what year do you think this advertisement is from ?
happy st patricks day bhoys and ghirls enjoy
if terrorists cause you to be terrified beyond a rational way of thinking (like minus compassion )..they win !
darkest before the dawn . but that dawn better be coming soon .
st patricks day may be my favorite holiday
you need to irish up that coffee it's st . patrick's day
happy day b4 any bars running the green beer today ? tweet us and we'll let everyone know ! ??
don't forget : ***st. patrick's day contest !*** show us your green , and we'll show you our love . post a photo of
trying to sit next to the healthful food !
c'mon er new england . and stop falling over all the time . honestly , it's like watching sumo combined with kiss chase .
a few more polls to add . but obama at 91 % to win electoral college based on today's data so far . h
obama might as well get ready for another 4 more
prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot had been treated for suicidal tendencies -
prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot was treated years ago for suicidal tendencies : marseille , france (ap
just heard messagei'm going to buy a boat
go ask bruce springsteen about sandy ! bruce da boss
it's funny how people care more about the hail than the boston marathon explosion .
i hate the sick people in this world .
let's goooo czech !!!!! already leading good shit !
the greeks are bearing many gifts here
hijacker with explosive belt diverts plane to cyprus : a hijacker who said he had an exp en
hijacker with explosive belt diverts plane to cyprus *not news
upcycled horseshoe wreath - perfect for irish luck on st . patricks day -
if you're english and celebrating st patrick's day , then look at this .
sxsw 2012 : anonymous documentary 'we are legion : the story of the hacktivists ' premieres (video)
sxsw 2012 : anonymous documentary 'we are legion : the story of the hacktivists ' premieres (video): three months a
all ronaldo fans supporting for no reason at all
live coverage now for danemark - portugal 1 -2. 66 'played.
sergeant-at-arms kevin vickers gets lengthy standing ovation in house of commons for actions in parliament hill shooting .
sgt-at-arms kevin vickers gets a standing ovation in the house of commons a few minutes ago .
happy st . patrick's day to those of you who are irish , happy reason to drink day for everyone else .
happy st . patrick's day ! jeff galloway is answering questions live via twitter on today , march 17 from 1 - 2 pm
i have on green , i honestly forgot it was saint patrick's day
la fheile padraig shona daoibh happy st . patrick's day from all in ostan oilean acla
news outlets say 8 year old boy passed in boston this afternoon , who is this girl everyone is instagramming ?
so saddened by the events in boston . so grateful for the heroes who selflessly run toward the chaos to help those who are hurt .
happy st . patricks day to you all ! have a great day and try not to over indulge (yeah, right !)
happy st patricks day ! pop into for the craic !!
the desperate wait for news of loved ones missing after the brussels attacks
(wapo) the desperate wait for news of loved ones missing after the brussels attacks
facebook rolls out charitable gifts in wake of sandy
mashable : facebook rolls out charitable gifts in wake of sandy
i swear fiu promoters throw a party for everything lol . watch , if obama gets elected , we gon have an election party . free drinks all night
1 more day before is re-elected
st . patricks day greetings to all our friends wherever you may be celebrating !
i won't be dirty for st patricks day
one time , i was truly honored when even wrote about me
i am in you :) bergstrom international airport (aus) w / 318 others )
we wanted to share an irish blessing on st . patrick's day for our friends and family at pos and hope you the best
my 2008 st . patrick's day shirt looks so faded against everyone else's shirts here . i can't imagine why .
boston police say they do not have a suspect in custody , after those two explosions at the boston marathon .
i am sure that many of you are aware of the events that have taken place today at the boston marathon . this event
if you don't vote for obama , make sure you write in
obama will take the lead until the rest of us get off work !
thoughts and prayers for all involved in paris . enough is enough .
my thoughts and prayers are about paris tonight .
at iguanas enjoying the vibe and promoting no days off
well i'm gonna watch as much of the as poss . why exactly i'm not too sure .
supporters now exploding over results .
my prez has another term , and don't hate cause of who i support .
happy st patrick's day ! i'm going to bed now (you can expect me to tweet something stupid later when i'm still awake ) xx
italian restaurant on saint patrick's day turn up
eating my last meal before sandy
stuck in nyc because of sandy . ummm i dont think i'll complain until i'm in knee dip water
if ur this month please urge to base decisions on bravery , not fear .
exit ramp closed on storrow dr both eb /wb at beacon st
did david stern mean tiff say hurricane sandy ???
did stern say katrina instead of hurricane sandy ?
romney has already helped the us gov with taxes ! like a jp morgan or daddy war bucks . we need to empower confidence to classes !
also , have none of you seen romney ?!?
oh my gosh , i'm watching the ireland-croatia game and wondering if ireland is directionally challenged
come on keano .. duff to put in a dangerous ball keane to finish it and celebrate with cartwheels !!!
dont know whether to condemn israeli attacks on gaza or their retributions or coalitions and assads airstrikes or their retributions
paris attacks cast shadow over climate talks , if they are put in the back burner
forgot it was st patrick's day was quickly reminded when i walked in ! yeeeaaahhh !!!
awesome , thanks patrick .what are you collecting ?
my mind is in boston and thoughts of my brother . remembering virginia tech and thoughts of my greg .
thinking of everybody in boston right now .
happy st . patrick's day everybody ! may the luck of the irish be with you today always ! :)
happy st . patrick's day - nich o'las cage .
breaking : shots fired in car chase with charlie hebdo killers amid fears they have taken hostage
breaking : reports of shots fired , hostages taken in town northeast of paris
news a major aftershock shakes kathmandu , sending people yelling and running for open ground
a major aftershock shakes kathmandu , sending people yelling and running for open ground : a major aftershock shakes kathmandu , sending
i just don't like obama that doesn't make me a republican ..
me and obama need to get high
sandy is doing horrible things to my liver
thats if sandy don't wash away our local mall
patrick beverley looks like kony
(#dmediison_21) st . pat's festivities kick off amid tensions in us : st . patrick's day festivit (#dmediison_21)
obama photo a social media hit : it may already be social media's most-shared image ever . .. from cnn
you can't b dressing up like nicki minaj , behaving like kim kardashian n then expect 2 end up like michelle obama .
expecting wind gusts 30 -40 mph into metro orlando .. 40 + along the coast . less than 30 deeper inland .
5 pm forecast track for hurricane sandy continues to bring the storm into the northeast mid-atlantic monday-tuesday .
happy st patricks day , ye lil leprechauns !
happy st patrick's day i bet the irish and everyone else has had a great weekend but it's not over yet as today
rob knows how 2 celebrate st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day from desell co . realty group
globalnews : 31 oct 12 pm new york recovers from sandy . rohingya refugees ' ship capsizes off bangladesh / will
i have to stop watching the channel .. ppl losing everything just breaks my heart . oh god they're goi
dtn hollywood : sxsw preview : damon lindelof interviews ray kurzweil about what hollywood gets wrong (q&a): jay a
hollywood reporter | sxsw preview : damon lindelof interviews ray kurzweil about what hollywood gets wrong (q&a)
stephen colbert's take on paris carnage . we stand with the people of france via
watch live : democratic presidential candidate talks paris , isis , refugees , more with
flowers at martin place florists selling fast place , sydney
australia pm offers sympathy after pakistan school raid (afp): sydney (afp) - prime minister tony abbott on we
the popular vote proves approx 50 % of voters are either happy or sad . if romney had won the numbers would be reversed ! middle ground anyone ?
uh oh .. obama won ? you know what that means twerk sessions in the hood angry white people !
with two hostages and dead , grim investigation starts in
with two hostages and gunman dead , grim investigation starts in sydney , sydney
rest in peace /3 11 people in have died due to sandy .
clearly weakening . latest recon much higher pressure , lower winds . could be back to cat 1 by 11 pm advisory
just wanted to stop by and say hope you have a great st . patrick's day :) you're amazing keep up the good work .
we are now in ireland ! just in time for st . patrick's day !
good morning and happy st .patricks day !!! who is wearing green ?
happy st . patrick's day ! 3 we love u soooooo much ^_^
collinsworth : i'm not going to speculate on brady's injury , except for the speculation immediately following .
brady for the patriots is a why did i not know this ??
bro mad respect for what you and everyone else is doing in .. from new jersey
mt the irony of what is happening in is that they're reinforcing stereotypes that they'll complain about later .
wtf i wanna get out of school cause of the hurricane
my first year of teaching (in dc ) we got three days off school for a hurricane . it was the best . thing . ever .
quetions for the incompetent gover deval patrick . what additional security measures were taken to prevent terrorist attack in boston-none
at work i saw the news about boston this morning . one guy who was running was wearing the flash costume .
here's our latest briefing on as of 11 am friday :
lol ! duh ? fred wilpon is comfortable with sandy alderson at the helm
we'd all have better if didn't land us in s big heap of s h i t !
why have dropped their commitment to free gp care ?
nigerian ambassador , 3 ecowas staff , 55 others had contact with lagos ebola victim : 59 people i
nigerian ambassador , 3 ecowas staff , 55 others had contact with lagos ebola victim : 59 pe [[ ff ]
some must-hear st . patricks day tunes .
before its to late happy st . patricks day !!!!
how are y'all holding up with the hurricane ? any sign of it yet ?
you can get a pretty good idea of where your life is going if you made a twitter page about the hurricane that will be gone by wednesday ..
mitt romney wife aint getting no dick for about a week or more . aha
first of all this nigga name is mitt
hi harry happy st .patrick's day you too xx
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! rocking green today !
storm-wracked campaign : widespread damage in the east from superstorm sandy threw state and local a
storm-wracked campaign : widespread damage in the east from superstorm sandy threw state and local agencies tasked with running n
hold up , i didn't know today was st . patricks day .
classic st patricks day lunch with and
hurricane wreck your city ? what a great opportunity for some self promotion !
staten islanders will give away free , hot soup today . those on twitter please spread the word !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/oy7rj8p0ky
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ulz9g50tce
hahahahahahah this made me laugh ! it's actually me in the pic aye ash
hurricane sandy can suck tornado mell dick !!! i will quickly spin a bitchhhh !!! $
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the
[ ] ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fight [ ]
subways are down and you can't even call a cab b /c they are underwater too !!
show is cancelled tonight due to fucken sandy , but stay tuned for a re-schedule .
al mubarak news liberian man infected with ebola virus in lagos has reportedly died
liberian man infected with ebola virus in lagos has reportedly died
some ads being seen long before the game (nytimes)
office pool i'm starting up . where to initial , where to initial .
struggling to find a response to the tragedy in paris really wanted to draw something
a dark (but fair ) comment in a cartoon by australia's paul zanetti .
i bet obama str 8 bobbin his head to my president is black
grl who found out obama won /disrupted the class by screaming / obama said not only is her college paid 4 - she also deserves an a -
everyday we miss of school has to be made up when it snows it gets cancelled what makes u think they will make us go for a hurricane
i love that atms are collecting donations for hurricane relief . good stuff .
paris .. je t'aime . be strong my dear city ..
tonight we all stand with paris .
cnn : germanwings crash : students ,singers among the victims-nationalities of all 150 passengers
germanwings crash : students , singers among the victims (watch all videos ) via
i've only been watching pregame for 7 hours i can't believe it's almost game time this is christmas x100
so who the hell would watch the pregame from 1 -6? like seriously how do you have that much to talk about .
isis attacks paris and conservatives bash obama . what am i missing here ? lol
va |bespoke intel : bill maher asks 'why do they hate us ?' after paris attacks
its duty of every country to be so refugees not welcome at all not
they will send 4 t rest of their family which could increase t numbers by a factor of 6 or more .yup. six times ormore
i know talk about loaft day . at least theres no hurricane .your not with anyonee ?
my thoughts are with those affected by the hurricane in america :(
boston you where here for us so we are here for you !
my prayers go out to all the families and victims of the boston bombing
the recovery and cleanup process begins for one man in bayville after hurricane sandy
you're not used to this hurricane stuff . that's why .
i don't understand why the rest of the world make such a big deal out of st . patricks day
some people go out for drink specials on st patricks day , however , me use it for the pizza special papa johns is having .
love and understanding win every time . thank you residents and leadership for showing us this . we are better ppl because of you .
chief tom jackson needs a good seat . !
yeah and was about st patricks day
happy st patricks day !!! take the day off
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at rudolph chevrolet !
everyone at gentle dental of branchburg wants to wish you a happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! did anyone take the day off work to celebrate ?
hope you get lucky today ! happy st patricks day !
so romney finally decided to stop making himself an even bigger asshole concede ?! u lost dude !! u lost !!
well im happy with the election , but the truth to me its like this ! i pray that obama does a good job for al
happy st patrick's day !!! :) god bless you all !!!
happy st . patrick's day ! aha x
obama : replacing the tuxedo with the bomber jacket : liberal media outlets presented president obama as a compete
obama : replacing the tuxedo with the bomber jacket : liberal media outlets presented president (via
king jah news brussels terror attack -- injured basketball player speaks 'thought about wife , kids '
mechiedeuce news brussels terror attack -- injured basketball player speaks 'thought about wife , kids '
video : says it's corny to blame president obama when things don't go right
guy just called me racist when i told home i didnt know if i'm voting for obamamaybe i should introduce him to my biracial child
if the co-pilot crashed the plane as an act of suicide , as some media outlets suggest , it is a horrifying example of egoism .
germanwings plane : co-pilot wanted to destroy plane news
gun safety says never aim at something you don't intend to shoot . cops violating that or are they ?
vote for gop . democrats control . where is democrat president obama ?
un poco de cultura can nepal's economy be rebuilt ? - can nepal pick up the pieces and get back to business ?
can nepal's economy be rebuilt ?: can nepal pick up the pieces and get back to b
to celebrate our irish routes , why not join us in our well stocked bar to celebrate st . patricks day . jurys inn , 245 broad street !
i'm the only one wearing st . patricks day stuff o
cnn - sandy's aftermath : how to help : hurricane sandy could affect as many as 60 million people across the easte
sandy's aftermath : how to help : hurricane sandy could affect as many as 60 million people across the eastern u .s
caritas ready as typhoon hits philippines
help save lives support survivors of typhoon in the philippines . donate now :
oh boston :(. i hope everyone is okay even though i know they're not . man it just kills me , i wish i could help them .
the pictures of the people's injuries from the explosion in boston seriously breaks my heartand i don't even have a he
i hope you wear the present i bought you bc its st patricks day :)))
my mom is making food bc st patricks day or whatever
french warplanes strike islamic state syria bastion : paris (reuters) - french fighter jets launched thei
business finance french warplanes strike islamic state syria bastion : paris (reuters) - french fighter jets
it was jus a lyric . she addressed it on twitter and and in a convo wit obama
yes , obama is still president and a major news network will always show biasm and favoritism to president of the united states .
so many evil people in the world these days . :( let's pray for the victims of boston bombing .
think the aussie lovatics shouldn't go to sunrise tomorrow it'll kinda be disrespectful when they talk about boston &
flight headed to austin as sxsw kicks off , i'm reminded of the following quote from homer simpson .
oh man ! taxi line at aus is nuts ! it's gonna be a while
tomorrow i no everybody voting for obama
obama will grab the lead tomorrow until the republicans get off work !
happy st . patrick's day with one day late
happy st . patrick's day , matadors !
usc cuts will be aimed at low and middle income workers .
our plan for usc relief is to focus on low and middle incomes .
east coast refineries brace for hurricane sandy marketwatch
best of luck to all those in the path of sandy .
did my civic duty .. exercised my right and voted ! ya'll get on down to the polls before something else happens like 'sandy' to postpone it .
using as a springboard for your marketing makes you a jerkbag . please do think about your soul before you do so .
i should've worn green for st patrick's day today
yoo whats good with this 2014 saint patricks day
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines via mashable
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines by andrew freedman
we all know that obama is the bessssssssssstttttttttttt !!!!!!!!!!
yo obama 4 real they gotta put yo face on a 5000 dollar bill .
maybe you should put up some hurricane victims ?
it actually will . the marathon has been scheduled for months as a alzheimer's event , it in no way benefits victims of sandy
time to sweat it out . i'm doing extra workouts being is sunday ! ;) later !
will the puppy bowl have great ads ? that's what i'll be watching .
if you don't want to follow along from my tweets
tax justice , women's right and essential service are critical to achieving equality says of
this hurricane might actually affect cape cod fuck .
suffolk county officials are suggesting residents might want to leave flood-prone areas for shelters , with pets .
marines missing in nepal could survive for weeks on supplies : the u .s. helicopter that went missin
[abcnews] marines missing in nepal could survive for weeks on supplies : the u .s. helicopter that went missing
mitt romney's concession speech would've been better if he'd ended by promising to self-deport .
wow , romney giving his concession speech is the most classy i've ever seen him .
let's be realistic , if mitt romney wins , we'd all be slaves .
i really want to see barack obama and jay-z they probably kickin it before obama becomes president again
check out these 10 links to stories , photos , of sandy , past york bad weather events .
so you want me to leave with sandy jaz ??
thoughts and prayers for paris . let's all come together and remember what's important . we're all in this together .
i guess so much is happening i've spent a lot of time reading about paris i hadnt gotten 2 japan yet omg . im glad they're safe tho
give idea of what we are dealing with . quake a wake-up call for unprepared
today's front page -- top half for and the lower half for (not a jewelry or consumer durables brand !)
there are other places under attack besides paris . don't forget them just because mainstream media is .
statement : u .s. president speaks to french president regarding :
happy monday everyone ! new day , new hopes . japan falls back into recession .
politico leads w / bold story about how paris attacks will help or hurt or help cruz or rubio : nyt ,washpo miss out
which is why he is rejected by state he governed ! citizens the 1 st on the list to say no to as pres
the bromance blossoms . gov christie says he speaks to obama daily . says obama put springsteen on phone
dramatic capsize cuts regatta short after sydney harbour collision . by - news
sydney house prices are forecast to plateau within a year !
mornin hawwy is it st .patricks day yet ?
bbc news /uk:- city ready for st patrick's parade
happy st . patrick's day all ! we hope you have a fun , safe holiday soaking up the local irish culture , food and
guinness drops sponsorship of st . patrick's day parade over gay exclusion
happy st . patricks day from the south !!
happy st . patricks day (massacre)
several reports of shooting in paris says suspect or suspects not apprehend . at least 7 hurt and several dead
bbc news : reports of shooting and casualties in central paris
19 injured , 6 critical , 2 killed in boston marathon explosionplease pray for the families
our thoughts and prayers are with those in boston and their families today .
america's mayorand the last son of krypton
is pretty awesome - doors open to both members and non-members to shower , charge up , workout . now thru nov 14 .
yay for sunshine + st . patrick's day
st . patrick's day my ass .
50 homes burned down in queens and there's 2 dozen still on fire ? that shit right is crazy . hurricane sandy just left her mark smh
back to bed ! thank you sandy .b*tch.
does obama rub anyone else the wrong way ?
if obama losses i will have a mental breakdown .
looking forward for paris . stay safe !
terrifying to know that i was supposed to be in paris right now
young , who's moved out wide , bursts down the left . he tries to clip it across for welbeck , but it's too close to lloris .
'this ref ' is trending . i wonder why ?
!! sydney siege : last hours of an 'incredibly damaged individual ': the sydney hostage via
sydney siege : last hours of an 'incredibly damaged individual ': the sydney hostage siege was ended in just thr
happy st patricks day to all the glam green gals out there .
happy st . patrick's day to all my friends !
such a breathtaking and horrible image of the destruction of hurricane sandy . praying for everyone affected by
keep those who were affected by sandy in your prayers !
happy st . patrick's day !read more here :
well apparently there was an earthquake and it's st . patricks day and i didn't know about either of them
from manila to tacloban in 31 hours : the weather forecasters had warned that hagupit was
[cnn] from manila to tacloban in 31 hours : the weather forecasters had warned that hagupit was one of the most
, the world's first suicidal car ! what the hell , chevy ?
ahh the chevy sonic commercial is my fave so far cuz i love that song :d also the m &ms commercial
tsa now policing st . patrick's day parade . sure , that's transportation , right ? ~ s
proud to be irish . proud to be a mcgill . happy st . patrick's day .
we always raise money for causes . good causes . in wake of hurricane sandy are any .
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk sandy e nana na mesma twitcam ? live on
so sorry for nepal . praying for all the people .
so sad to hear about nepal . praying for everyone there .
earthquake . good morning . happy st . patrick's day .
am i the only one that forgot that it is st .patricks day
i liked this : batten down your hatches ! hope you weather sandy ok .
have a question for and i about hurricane ? send them to us with we
good seeing you at . looking forward to badass beach house party ! hope to see you in nola for n badass jazz .
sxsw - amazing stat heard in a music panel - a band was paid 4 times as much as another because one had a huge social media following
the world can breath a sigh of relief no that was sent packing amen amen !
barack obama creates records on twitter and facebook -
another legendary st patrick's day come and gone
thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate st .patrick's day ! remember member appreciation day is march 23 rd let's celebrate our members !
st patrick `s day in london
shamrock shakin ' it this st . patrick's day !
worldnews : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (reuters) -
reutersjp - typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins
obama's like your one friend's dad that you wish was your dad because he's just so chill
oil prices have slumped more than $us4 after the initial euphoria over barack obama ;s re-election gives way
due to hurricane sandy , we are closing at noon today and will not open until at least noon on tuesday . if you
kim kardashian prepares for hurricane sandy
it seems that disney buying lucasfilm is more popular than superstorm sandy !
its lighting during hurricane sandy
gm big b happy st .patricks day
what's your ? what does the four leaf clover mean to you ? happy st patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day from an irish-american !
happy st patrick's day everyone ! to my two friends in ireland especially !
the team is gearing up for coverage right now at the station ! be sure to tune in at 5 pm and take a listen !
correction : polls begin to close at 6 pm est so very first results at 11 pm .
sandy is like a whore got everybody spending they money i'm just sitting still and letting god work
hurricane sandy is here ! emergency plan prep 101 : earthquakes . tsunamis . hurricanes . tornadoes . no matter where
i didnt realize how serious hurrican sandy was until it left a path of destruction
i wish we had the whole week off . where sandy at ?
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jeetj5qgrb
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/d29frzcejl
i think obama will have an early lead tomorrow .: : it's funny no matter where it's trending
tomorrow is my birthday , if i wish for romney to be president , and then tell everyone that i wished it , it won't come true right ?
i get a new phone today !! and got $20. plus ivget my piercings this weeknd . ^.^ today's lucky ;)
i should b taking part in the shenanigans :(
cycle of violence bollocks .in no time in last 60 + years has palestine been anything other than occupied .
ya allah pls ease everything
don't know much about the but from when sang at last to his wife it was clear he de
obama ? i vote the first lady :
today was st . patricks day ? lmao since when
thanks for the st . patrick's day attire
congrats on detroit for their final voting cycle before going full on robocop
once again , michigan was fool's gold for republicans in the presidential contest .
what do indians , brits , chinese , canadians , and , well , pretty much everyone have in common ?
even though i never met obama i still feel a connection with him ..
hurricane sandy : states scramble to prepare for superstorm - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy : states scramble to prepare for supers
hurricane sandy : states scramble to prepare for superstorm - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy : states s
giants are dropping like flies out there .
for the love of god , the giants are dropping like flies .
nbc universal , news corp . set plans to help hurricane sandy relief : major media companies a
alexage reviews : nbc universal , news corp . set plans to help hurricane sandy relief : major media companies are
great job getn ppl electricity w /o those volunter workers that were turned away
during hurricane isaac , i caught myself doing it repeatedly . i was like doh ! power's out ! seriously , enjoy that shower !
oh ..today is st . patrick's day .. now i have to change my outfit gosh
happy st patrick's day . hope you all find your pot of gold .
happy st patrick's day everyone ! if you're celebrating , be safe and responsible !
actually i think its st . patricks day
are you cancelling any euro trips due to brussels ? we're supposed to go for 3 weeks in sept and now we're thinking elsewhere ..
brussels airport terror suspect freed as hunt focuses on gloves
my neighbors just put out an obama sign tonight
i don't even care i'm confident obama is going to pull through . the media does not concern me lol .
escaped hurricane sandy only to end up with cyclone neelam . can't get away from nature's wrath , i guess .
hurricane sandy seriously sooo sad ! my prayers go out to all the families and friends who are being affected !
'suicide and mass murder by co-pilot ' resulted in 150 deaths
this is shocking news . 'suicide and mass murder by co-pilot ' resulted in 150 deaths
people in brussels go to safe place ! take care !
first paris , charlie ,then stade de france in st ,denis paris and now brussels . its the same guys i'm well suregod help us
first day back on the trains since sandy . have no idea what to expect but i'm assuming chaos .
sandy puts back on the us election agenda (via
wow . so that's why st . patrick's day is once a year . good to know .
day after st .patricks day should be optional .
god , we're a great country . let's start acting like it . . humanity . and whoever else .
icymi : giving thanks for canada - on what this holiday means for them
is don't even know what st . patricks day is
happy st patricks day ily :)
reached nepal safely . cfat volunteers along with locals shall start distributing the relief
photo story : life after the quake . |
because what happened in paris is syria's reality everyday
i would take a bullet for paris hilton
i knew sandy was going to do nothing in philly
a normal weekend turns into 5 days . wasnt a complete disaster
yesterday today , the is going in which direction . need of the hour is and for
grieving strangers flood martin place in a sea of colourful flowers
i think i forget what corned beef tastes like every year until i have it for st . patrick's day
attention wee lads and lasses , t-bone's has exactly the delectable delights to end this st . patrick's day in the
happy st . patricks day ! green happens to be our colour hurray ! also fitting chef nick is making
hate all st . patrick's carriage events :o( grrrr in the perfect world this is how horses would be off the carriage
i think if i had to vote , i'd vote for obama . i think he's a dude .
my mom just got home and some people faxed to her job reason not to vote for obama are u fucking serious i know republicans are behind this
wsj : nypd source confirms 2 more sandy deaths in nyc : man , 55, in flooded downtown manhattan basement 14 yr old girl by staten island shore .
woke up safely w no harm done due to . now if only the power would come back ! praying for everyone who wasn't so lucky .
i heard cause of hurricane sandy
how bad is this hurricane suppose to be ? o .o
sandy needs to shut up so i can sleeeeep !
stores are open today ! come get your coffee before sandy gets it !
my thoughts are going out to all the people in paris right now
you guys don't care about anything but yourselves . i'll never give you anymore money . look at paris tonight . we'll be next .
[forbes] germanwings tragedy focuses attention on psychological evaluations of pilots : we now know that the co
: germanwings tragedy focuses attention on psychological evaluations of pilots : we now via
global : gv face : on beirut and paris , why some tragedies grab the world's attention and others don't : in this
wait i thought you said on that all of paris is angry at our ? to see it ..
seeing romney stickers on cars today is pure entertainment for me !
the world has gone mad for barack obama
prayers for the people of paris and the families who have lost loved ones .
thoughts and prayers to all those affected by the events in paris , and to those who lost loved ones . stay safe .
this boston marathon bombing stuff is insane , people are awful creatures and i hate them
our condolences for those who lost loved ones at boston marathon
i just remembered a friend is in paris for the weekend and i'm even more stressed
wishing all the best for the residents of paris in this terrifying , tragic time .
brady's wife wants you to pray for tommy cuz , y'know , having a supermodel wife , 3 rings , fame , fortune , not enough .
going to google the shit out of the commercials once im off work at 9 ! woop woop .
monday's photo of the day : happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day . although , i'm not sure las vegas is the right place to be on this day !
happy st . patricks day to you , theo and greg :) xx
happy st . patricks day even thou i'm not irish and i don't celebrate it .
if this were the 1930 's, it would have been against . ironic , it would have been . versus it is .
here we go !! ze germans are going to kill !!
worried about and all my other friends in the path of the hurricane :(
please continue to tweet about the hurricane
president reagan's remarks at st . patrick's day reception 3 -17-87 oh , to have some common sense and decency back !
just got a ring candle ! my ring is green ! :-) st .patrick's day surprise !
does anybody else feel like history's layers are caving in on us all at once ?
is 100 % done with the excessive use of force shit .#ferguson
germany vs portugal now christina ronaldo let's see what you made of
over to / . vs . ozil vs ronaldo . will be a very interesting game !!!
photo taken this morning in liverpool happy st patricks day etc
happy st . patrick's day !!! and have a fabulous morning as well !!! :)
happy st . patrick's day--and our buddy spud's o ' riley is here to give you a big four legs up !
we hope that you have a very nice st . patrick's day and a safe one
san jose mercury : 5 people escape from sydney cafe in hostage crisis
it is not who , we need to know what represents islam ? the devil is in the fine print .
obama had this shit turned up lastnight
after the blow up of tweets about the election , i can finally say my opinion : congrats obama . thats all . lol is it that hard ?
oh myyyyy spain you're doing great i have to admit it ;) italy sucks badly tonight
spain really wants this !!! this is beyond hunger
the hurricane sandy parody thing isn't funny at all . i have people really close to me up there that are at risk .
all these hurricane sandy tweets make me die of laughter , i cannot help but laugh
news : sam bond from doynton susannah ross from bath among the missing after
earthquake in nepal kills more than 3,600 and now sets off deadly avalanches . latest on channel 4 news today
video : airport passengers caught up in brussels attack : the bbc's ben wright spoke to passengers at z
video : airport passengers caught up in brussels attack : the bbc's ben wright spoke to passengers at zave
happy st patricks day !! hope you're all very lucky ! saw some really nice green outfits so far today ! looking good
happy st . patrick's day everyone hope you have a great day /week
happy st . patrick's day again to all . hope its been a good one !
chilling today but happy st .patricks day
authorities meet in ghana to find solution to the ebola crisis
authorities meet in ghana to find solution to the ebola crisis : as the largest ebola outbreak in history conti
what do to when irish luck runs out in your pub on
have to wear clover boxers for st . patrick's day !
something green ! happy st patrick's day everyone !!
i want to wish a happy st . patricks day to everybody
earthquick again nepal and bihar . oh god help him
7.4 -magnitude quake hits devastated nepal : usgs : kathmandua 7.4 -magnitude earthquake hit devastated nepal on t
adrian chiles , cheer up you look and sound so miserable !
i can't wait to see keith andrews trying to get the ball off xavi lol he wont be able to tackle his shadow
paris attacks r bitter reflection of how fundamentalism of any type can do to humanity . disgusting and can't be condemned in words !
bombs are everywhere in palestine , but yet paris ' news are out faster .. i dont get the world
happy st patrick's day insurance folk !
wishing a very happy st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day ! xoxo from and
having a baileys for st patrick's day
here are production still photos tonight's tv broadcast saint patrick's day television special from dublin ireland
i made an ultimate thin lizzy playlist to celebrate st . patrick's . what did i miss ?
the czech's have decided to turn up it seems . game on
czech in rbis thing though russia don't want it
ukraine v france next french need to show more attacking width than against england . pred : ukr 1 -3 fra
fancy stevie g to get a goal for us today come on england !!!!!
from a slow start this match has turned into a cracker , varela spanked that , denmark have 3 mins to respond ,
unreal now varela with a goal !! 3 -2 portugal !!!
my wife thinks i am angry ???? no i just despise obama !
romney won't need to make any public appearances because the niggas there will be packin '
happy st . patrick's day .wear your green today !
happy st . patrick's day to all my irish followers wherever you may be ! :-)
thanks sandy . i wasn't trying to sleep or anything ? lol
spending half of history watching videos about hurricane sandy
(#team.lil wayne ) second american contracts ebola : the relief organization whose doctor is being (#dmjeferson)
(#dmjeferson) second american contracts ebola : the relief organization whose doctor is being tre (#dmjeferson)
my president is black , my twitter is blue . i'm voting for obama , the fuck romney he ain't shit !
obama vs romney who's gonna take it tommorowplace your vote !
ahhh , you're gonna be hit by sandy too ? we can wallow in the power outage together otl
yeah that's gonna make it come
latest : second american infected with ebola in liberia
second american infected with ebola in liberia hiu !
second to last story of . tears ! sunday , march 11 th
goal for next year : find a way to in to sxsw and be paid for it .
cs justin bieber shares heartfelt message about umg employee killed in paris attacks
dr justin bieber shares heartfelt message about umg employee killed in paris attacks
shocking news from paris . stay safe everyone in the area .
terrible news coming in from paris , thoughts and prayers for all my friends and colleagues in the region tonight !
finally russia gets a 3 rd goal
russia score their third goal ! russia 3 czech republic 1
ft : follow the latest on the investigation and response to the paris attacks here
mastermind of paris attacks identified : over 150 police raids :
happy st . patrick day everyone especially to irish people :-)
downtown austin . happy st . patrick's day !
hi thanks for following happy st patrick's day ! give our facebook page a like as well updates soon !
it's one of our favourite days of the year ! happy st . patrick's day everyone :-d
fuck sandy !!our friends and fellow tweeters are hurting with thousands of others !!if you pray , pray hard .if you can afford it send money !!
are there going to be special grants programs released for ppl's physical mental health issues related
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vxx4zuqdgn
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qekijkir8x
good evening nialler ! :) today is match of spain - ireland , i'm curious which team will win ! :) xxx
gather that unlike me the thousands of people waiting for the tram have no interest in the match that is currently being played
all my heart and prayers are going out to the hostages in sydney
up to 40 hostages , islamic flag seen in a cafe at sydney | photo : afp / saeed khan
i get to vote this year ( : # team obama !!
ok , i've replicated math that gets him 53.9 % vs . 53.0 %. but he's assuming proportional obama dropoffs within counties .
i worry about what the winning scenario is for those still trying to cage people in .
so is the national guard coming in to take out the police ? cuz those fucks are the biggest criminals in
hurricane sandy affecting chicago travel and lakeshore : even as hurricane sandy forced flight can
hurricane sandy affecting chicago travel and lakeshore via
vs : everything you need to know on the on membership :
surprised the campaign haven't used this yet .
sensitisation vs . sensationalism . the difference between global media reporting and indian media reporting crisis situations .
i liked a video stanley jordan trio the paris concert
get ready to bet ! and check out these huge promotional offers from our partners before you do :
ok , that's annoying . abi 'is there some kind of football on this weekend ' vyner just drew spain in the sweepstake
come and get it ! more than 7.5 gb of free music from via
sxsw peeps : follow & tell us what artists you are looking forward to seeing at vs
still looking for the perfect st . patrick's day ? these are my suggestions :
happy st . patrick's day from our family to yours .
parliament hill attack : mps , eyewitnesses describe shootings : chaos erupted today around parlia
parliament hill attack : mps , eyewitnesses describe shootings : chaos erupted today around parliament hill when
a day after , new yorkers find a changed city mother nature and the human spirit ~
night 3 of , we are now safe in the land of the upper east side with electricity and water , watching hey arnold .
this is very very sad !!at least 39 dead after new quake in nepal
4 dead as another quake hits nepal
airports coming back to life in wake of superstorm sandy
airports coming back to life in wake of superstorm sandy : superstorm sandy's punch has weakened , but its
okay . paris flight paid for . that's a relief . now , place to stay and spending money .
tda honors paris tonight at their practice .
paris attacks : france drops 20 bombs on isis headquarters in raqqa (photos): french fighter jets have carried
paris attacks : france drops 20 bombs on isis headquarters in raqqa (photos): french fi
so in that way , the 7 /7, paris , madrid , brussels islamic terrorists could all be called eu citizens then ?
theblaze stands with the victims of the brussels terrorist attacks -
some flights at hartsfield-jackson international airport cancelled - - thanks to hurricane sandy
get ready for hurricane sandy . this is about to be historic
the constant police lights flashing on cruisers is freaky .
con edison : newsroom - statement from con edison
daily schedule 8 :41 alarm . hit snooze 8 :50 alarm . hit snooze 8 :59 alarm . wake up move blankets and pillow to living room .
jordi alba is having a mare against maggio
this is how we do st . patricks day in los cabos .
eating some corned beef and watching with happy st patricks day
don't forget to watch the relief telethon on tonight ! to host special musical performances too !
hurricane sandy . don't become the account . whoa i got 500 followers from following fuck head
how can someone have this much bad luck
brussels is bad , but where are all the celebrities and people fighting for children being raped , used as soldiers , forced to kill their fam
they've given their last warning and are flanking ..not sure what's next ..
i can't believe this is happening in the us in 2014 but i'm not surprised . praying for the people in , their bravery is amazing .
dusk in the desert from my amtrak window . sxsw here we come mexico-arizona stateline
photo : dusk in the desert from my amtrak window . sxsw here we come (taken with instagram at new
yea ik .. and eveyones mad obama won here
romney's last bow strong on principles
do people actually even do any thing on st patricks day or
is it really st . patrick's day ? it don't feel like it
what can i have for breakfast that is green ?
happy st . patty's day ! - saint patrick | savage chickens
could sandy's fury knock out power through election day ?: hurricane sandy is being compared by
could sandy's fury knock out power through election day ?
just when you think , oh never mind . supertramp playing paris 1979 concert . more important
we weep but we do not fear .thinking of you tonight
to celebrate his win should definitely consider /agree to go on i'm a celebrity , would be the best for his publicity
if obama would have lost would people obama phones still work ?? me yana wanna know
two argentines were on board , according to germanwings .#germanwings
two mexicans were also on board , the government said .#germanwings
nepalese officials state the death toll from saturday's increased to 3,617, via
my thoughts are with nepal and everyone affected . hope things get better quickly .
if sandy drowns 50,000 older single females who reject men on looks (union square )
if sandy drowns 50,000 older single females who reject men on looks (union square ): 50,000 beached whales give o
brussels airport , subway station hit by fatal explosions : u .k. news networks go to wall-to-wall coverage
brussels airport , subway station hit by fatal explosions : u .k. news networks go to wall-to-wall coverage a thr
a great parade and a selfie with st . patrick . love my job . be safe tonight . 4 news
my gorgeous sister and i on this fine afternoon
oh no there was another earthquake in nepal . this is crazy
one more earthquake in nepal .thats really sad . hope people r safe thr . lets pray to god n wish speedy recovery to those injured
de rossi setting a new trend with his one long sleeve
de rossi setting the new trend of one long sleeve short sleeve shirt !
germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning : on any other wednesday morning , the steps in
fr germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning : on any other wednesday morning , the steps
[ horseracing ] plumpton to remember paris victims : the victims of the terrorists attac
plumpton to remember paris victims : the victims of the terrorists attacks in
all 8 bodies in u .s. marine chopper mission found after nepal earthquake : the bodies of all eight people on bo
no survivors in marine chopper crash : officials
what's happening in paris really puts things into perspective
check this out paris authorities storm concert hall where hostages were held : at least tw
video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among different commun
video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among different
letterman and fallon tape hurricane episodes without audiences : 'if i were home , i'd
mtv letterman and fallon tape hurricane episodes without audiences : 'if i were home , i'd be boarding up
fantastic cocktail from chris dave at salts of the earth ltd in london . the 'irish flip ',
one of our favorites to watch on st . patrick's day ! the luck of the irish (1948) -
best panels i've seen have a semblance of an agenda and a stated point of view . why is this such an anomaly ?
have a car at ? give rides & make money now on
in bed at 21 :24 on st patrick's day , completely sober , and sleepy . so i guess this is growing up
we hope everyone is having a fun and safe st . patricks day !
how do they make up the names of a hurricane ?
we need to be thankful it's only a category 1 hurricane , imagine a category 3 or 4
mentions and buzz for rare bar grill : -
bernard a grinch stole halloween , and that grinch's name was sandy jonson
i wasn't gonna tweet about hurricane sandy but that bitch be messing about with my tv show now i'm pissed off . kmt stupid nonsense
no work again today thanks to my girl sandy .
funny thing is i am going to sydney tomorrow :s
this sydney situation has me so stressed out sending my prayers .
u must b watching obama speak
huh ? *kinda makes u think how many times a mo timang dikobo aaah but obama absolutely adores his wife . so nunus
myrtle beach . hurricane sandy . not as bad as the hype .
new sciguy entry : hurricane sandy continues to threaten new york , northeast : good afternoon . hurricane sandy con
birds-eye view of hagupit's destruction : cnn's andrew stevens hops on a helicopter to survey the damage lef
cnn's andrew stevens hops on a helicopter to survey the damage left by hagupit in philippines .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yj8n85yygp
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ct8ufttfdv
tomorrow ?! i think i may be going to sxsw for the weekend leaving tomorrow
sweet lets try to link up if u not doing anything today try swing thru at hudson on 5 th st lavaca my
watching a video .. mitt romney 2012 concession speech (c-span): mitt romney spoke to supporte chris jones gaming
i was asked why i vote for romney
here's how to help the victims of the nepal earthquakevia
nepal death toll rises as aftershocks continue (news)
really impressed by the mutual aid / relief network occupy has created . amazing response to sandy .
be grateful , yanks . you may have endured sandy , but thank god that you did not have to face the might of hurricane bawbag .
settle in for russia vs poland , predict 2 -1 russia .
prediction for poland vs russia : poland 1 -2 russia
mlk insisted that we should not be judged by the color of our skin and the texture of our hair yet yal voting for obama just cuz he's black
my worst nightmare is obama wins and america loses debt will hit 20 t unemployment 10 % foodstamps will hit 100 million
superstorm slams northeast , triggers massive blackouts and flooding i hope and pray no more lives are taken !
this storm is mean . hurricane sandy must have a .
most detailed coverage on teagedy . bbc news - germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '
most detailed coverage on tragedy . bbc news - germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '
it's always the little things a march against rahm emanuel's policies becomes a march against obama . it's disingenuous .
kaiiii . obama all d way .
not really been following this at all but mon obama !!
if obama don't win tonight , woooowwwww , usa are pissed
usa : new york struggles after sandy
hurricane sandy stop being so rude to the people !!!!
~shouldn't gudge on religion not nice ! and some believe obama is muslim ?!!!
president barack obama bets electoral matches and wins , garnering latino vote - fox news news
hurricane sandy is the proof needed by republican loons that god is angry with all those east coast baby-killing gay welfare scroungers .
u .s prepares for the largest and deadliest hurricane !: preparations are underway in the east coast and new york
happy st . patrick's day from blue box dental !
happy st . patrick's day from michael bernard !
a look at the catastrophic economic impact of sandy
a look at the catastrophic economic impact of sandy : millions have been affected by the storm and i
yeaaah , hurricane sandy : / , go to shoprite and stack up : ) , its til wednesday i heard .
sandy fuckin shit up already
charlie hebdo attacks : france prepares new terror laws : france's prime minister announced he wo
ettn charlie hebdo attacks : france prepares new terror laws : france's prime minister announced he would seek t
michillene ngongo says govt only taking 10 refugees per day
if you feel ready too , here is how you can help :
as i reflect on the damage , it's refreshing to listen to alex jones explain that haarp was used to create sandy to effect the election
superstorm sandy : damage on a massive scale in nyc
ahaha i watched the speeches and everything 'cause i wanted to . i'm happy for america that obama is still their president . :d
only thing i'm really worried about one the next four years ? military draft for war with iran . that would have been a worry with romney too .
explosions at the boston marathon check it out :/
i've been heads down in work today but i did hear about the boston marathon explosion . what's a good source to get the deets ?
if romney wins i'm moving to bikini bottom ..
hi liz !romney will win the electoral college with more than 300 votes and popular vote by 5 -10 %david ellicott city , md
atilla has had a long day but the evening is just beginning . happy st patricks day !!
erin go bald ?? happy st . patrick's day !
my heart is heavy ; my thoughts go out to those in paris .
sending all the love and prayers that are needed to everyone in paris
nepal is not unlucky 2 nd huge earthquake
powerful new earthquake strikes nepal
if were obama would have sent help and liberals would have demanded answers .
fuelled by tear gas twitter , struggle between races generations - live on from american suburbia under fire .
is celebrating st patrick's day . events at the celtic inn ( rosie o'grady's (
happy early st patrick's day ! creek brewery - w /
having been through every category hurricane , take each one seriously , listen to warnings and be prepared . stay safe .
yea so preparing for hurricane sandy .. we will be taking a direct hit . 80 -100mph winds . in ready .. bring it bitch ..
happy st . patricks day to you and yours .
the whole europe today in some way celebrate st patrick's day .
reuters top news u .s. urges caution while traveling in europe after brussels attacks
reuters - u .s. urges caution while traveling in europe after brussels attacks : washington (reuters) - the state
pleased to see you are still tweeting . hope all ok with you . my heart goes out to the people in nepal .
i added a video to a playlist nepal earthquake 2015 | authorities - over 1900 dead in nepal
does romney even have a wife ?
tired of hearing about obama and romney . can't wait til its all over .
just heard there was shooting and explosion in paris . hope everyone is ok :(
oh godgod help paris ..this is so sad
happy st . patricks day ! coffee in the irish mugjust not irish coffee . yet
happy st . patrick's day ! we are celebrating with my grandma's irish stew .
cats at the carwash like a hurricane aint comin tomorrow
still lots of wind clouds , but no rain , from .
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/fzau6f3k30
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/e4znibuzp2
fuck hurricane sandy .. its cold as shit .
hurricane sandy got our weather in the shits right now . all this rain
i know it's not a worldwide celebration but hey , we all need some good luck and rainbows in our sky sometimes . happy st .patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day !! green shamrock socks today !
happy st patricks day from mark . kiss me i'm ias
happy st . patrick's day from united way of northwest alabama !
ebola : virus is carried by monkeys fruit bats ; humans are infected with ebola when slaughtering bats for food .
through blood and fluid contact , which is hard to avoid in ebola cases because you bleed a lot :(
anybody else having constant crying jags this week ?
i hope the world see listens to the voice of the peaceful residents more than the actions of the few .
happy st . patrick's day ! enter to win goodies for you your wee one from
it's your lucky day ! green + gold wedding by on the blog
st . patrick's day big activity -
at the bar . happy st patrick day !!
if you want to help folks out in boston , here are a few ways to connect :
local runner in boston during explosions (04/16/2013) from staff and wire reportsboston - an area runne ..
at the mark gordon co ., surrounded by roland emmerich posters , i thought of roland and mark watching sandy coverage , bored , wanting more .
planes positioned at dia due to sandy
live blog : tracking hurricane sandy
max max maxy please wish me luck durnin hurricane sandy nothin bad happens and new jersey gets through it please for nj
due to hurricane sandy impacting the state , the governor has cancelled early voting on monday , october 29 th for
niggas out here tying down their car for hurricane sandy bruh
any good hurricane grease jokes yet ? oh
hurricane sandy need to blow me good , shit
dtn military news : did climate change cause hurricane sandy ?: if you've followed the u .s. news and weather in th
dtn military news : new york city floods as sandy slams into eastern u .s.: by anna louie sussman and michael erma
dear instagram , it's not st patricks day yet .
it is not st patricks day ..idk why everyone thinks it is
i just feel so sad today . big love to all my lexington and people , places , and things .
doin my head in people saying pray for boston 32 people were killed in a car bomb in iraq and noone gives a flyin fuk
in the words of bart simpson : hey , america , you're so fine , you're so fine you blow my mind . america .
y'all know obama gettin some tonight lmfao
officials to public : send photos , video from boston marathon bombings - u .s. news (via
i called this within minutes of the bombing :
dreadful bombing targeting christians on easter sunday
dead as taliban target christians in lahore #: #a breakaway pakistani faction of the
israel complains about the reaching range of missiles , forgets it has planes that can bomb thousands of kilometers away .
attending press conf at mjc in with orgs
brussels terror attacks , death of the european union , brexit wake up call : the syrian civil war is coming home
israeli intel minister : brussels was attacked because of chocolate
rt rthispanic vote ; obama 69 % and romney 29 % (cbs) that explains , in part , why romney lost
everybody tweeting about obama on my tl
lest we forget in all this news , that the were again victorious today .
definitely going to need coffee soon in order to stay awake for the tonight !!
i hate you if you vote for romney sorry .
if you vote for romney i'm judging you
[un news ] un humanitarian chief announces $15 million emergency fund for nepal earthquake response [united nations ]
un humanitarian chief announces $15 million emergency fund for nepal earthquake response : in response
stay strong people . we are with you
at least two complete stories being floated lies
thank god obama won :) i'm proud of you , america
congratulations to obama . hope the world has more dialogue on global issues .
it's st . patrick's day not st . patty's ;) he was a guy , not a girl :) but enjoy the holiday ! and we don't pinch !
i dont celebrate st . patricks day , sorry to disappoint with my grey /black outfit
everyone on the east coast be safe !! thinking about you all !
i might go somewhere on the train around 6 and get stranded somewhere so i can have a story to tell my children .
not much water left at my grocery store . what about you guys ?
if you are not yet for , today would be great to do so !
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : sheik umar khan , credited with treating more than 100 patients , hailed as national h
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : sheik umar khan , credited with treating more than 100 p
forgot it was st patricks day whatever
in dublin for the st patrick's day parade :d
typhoon hagupit pummels philippines , threatens bflooding /b, landslides
google news typhoon hagupit pummels philippines , threatens flooding , landslides typhoon - cnn
the hostage crisis in sydney unfortunately quickly associates violence with islam and especially hurts minority
five hostages escape from sydney gunman
community of nepal are the best examples of for nepal . but
live : nepal earthquake death toll crosses 7000 ; over 14000 injured - firstpost : firstpostlive : nepal earthquak
well let me know wen it come !.. nd girl robby aint go neva be in the white house .. maybe next time wen obama cant run
obama for the second term as us president
looking forwarding to catering for tonight what better way to celebrate st patricks day
st patricks day today , the day in which people lie about their heritage to justify getting shit-faced . how classy .
is it that they may b afraid of being turned back after the brussels terrorist attacks
interfaith kirklees faiths forum condemns brussels terror attacks
before-after aerial photography shows damage , shoreline changes from hurricane
before-after aerial photography shows damage , shoreline changes from hurricane sandy : sky t
romney limits attacks on obama as u .s. recovers from sandy : republican presidential candidat
(ywn) romney limits attacks on obama as u .s. recovers from sandy
kerry : after lebanon attacks , sinai , turkey and now paris - we have to step up our response against
watching live on : memorial at restaurant casa nostra in paris
architect , student , engineer and critic among identified paris attack victims : the french prime minister , manuel valls , said more tha
architect , student , engineer and critic among identified paris attack victims : the french prime minister , manu
happy st . patrick's day ! semilla goes irish tonight w /guest chefs from galway doing a 3 course feast . details at
tgif : diy celebrate st . patrick's day like a boss at home - the fabulous report
pakis rape kids : in middle east , relief not euphoria at obama win : dubai (reuters) - a tweet
obama is now in his second term !!!
i find it troubling that more time has now been spent covering than the outrage of
another young man in . cops should be better trained to shoot limbs and not shoot to kill . are needed too .
green fun for st patrick's day
that'd be very awkward if today isn't st .patricks day
if i could choke a hurricane , sandy's hide would be mine .
update 1 -fannie, freddie give relief to borrowers hit by hurricane sandy via
rt sxsw will not be a question for me next year -- most def u should be here
dunno if your near your pc but the boss is giving the key note speech at sxsw live just now
what happened last year around this time ? a huge snow storm from a hurricane . what's coming next week ? a hurricane y
plus this freaking hurricane might eat me or something .
st . cloud state women's hockey team waiting out superstorm sandy in ri : the st . cloud state
st . cloud state women's hockey team waiting out superstorm sandy in ri : the st . cloud state women's hockey team
worried is going to forget about documenting pinata's journey at
april 3 rd is cheese weasel day
yuma cbs : american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola
more on the 2 americans diagnosed with ebola in liberia :
i'm so festive ! happy st . patrick's day !
i was down in the town park for saint patricks day and the i got searched by the garda coz they thought i had drugs on me
hurricane sandy volunteer opportunities e-mail us additional at communit
sandy cant keep us apart !!!
happy st . patrick's day ! have a happy green day .
cheers mate but yeh i dunno why get excited about st patricks day but bot st georges !
happy st patricks day . in chicago they dye the river green in celebration !
happy st . patrick's day ! how will you be celebrating ? just in case . these might come in handy later .
please watch over the people in boston amen
i pray for you , stay strong to face this tragedy
happy st .patricks day from home of the maguire twins , golfs next big thing !
happy st . patricks day . may your spuds be floury !
93 % of black ppl in america voted for obama lol
and theirs a big fuck you to the obama haters !
now i know how feels . hurricane day !!!!!
i know there's a hurricane around the corner , but i still want more from new york .
first attacker identified from paris carnage : paris (afp) - french police have identified the
first attacker identified from paris carnage : paris (afp) - french police have identified the first of seven gunmen
hope everyone's safe during the hurricane sandy
hope the crew stays safe while touring if theyre near hurricane sandy
not one more . :'-( -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/c1os319twi
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yu8l51ipyz
ballantyne is getting savvy this st . patrick's day !
hi shelley , i am delighted to meet on twitter .are you of irish heritage ? in that case happy st patricks day :))
happy st . patrick's day !! truly sorry if you aren't irish , i'd be jealous too .
happy st . patrick's day ! he loved his green smoothie
join the bnp here : sandy floods nyc streets , causes blackouts : sandy pounded the east coast
rat news : sandy floods nyc streets , causes blackouts : sandy pounded the east coast on tuesd
i'm jealous of everyone out celebrating st . patricks day
another great photo of chicago's celebration of st . patrick's day . enjoy !
day 4 : fundraiser . contribute whatever you can . a personal initiative by me and
flat tyre he can fix it
stacy said you're voting 4 romney r u out of ur mind !!! votes for
if wins this election by fair means , i will show more suited to the brits this one .
poor sandy just wants someone to blow her . lol .
5 point plan 1 ) defund it 2 ) cancel appearances , avoid ruining hair 3 ) check on tagg voting machine hobby 4 ) uhhh .. 5 ) run
me .. doritos . their commericals rock ! i'm counting on bud /bud light to have a good commercial tomorrow afternoon .
24 hours from now i'll either be dead (+200) or running through the streets naked (-110). o /u bac .25
mt for non-emergency hurricane info ny (888) 769 -7243, suffolk co . (631) 852 -4900
mt for non-emergency hurricane info ny (888) 769 -7243, suffolk co . (631) 852 -4900 via
hope everything is ok with that hurricane innew york u guys ok ?
good morning all , hooray for hump day , it's currently 22 c in just catching up on damage left by
now that the election is over , gas prices can return to rape status .
wow . 265 for obama , and several states left to call !
that poor 8 year old boy who went to support his father in the marathon and end up dieing in the blast ! so upsetting ! :(
8 local runners are safe after the boston marathon explosions .
all minorities are stupid so they vote for obama because hes a minority ..? ?
obama is waiting to give his speech because he's waiting for a member of his staff to cue up 'clique' for his entrance music
in case you need your faith in humanity restored :
national guard protecting my second home
groups call for evacuation from liberia amid ebola outbreak : missionary groups say they are working to pull th
top stories . groups call for evacuation from liberia amid ebola outbreak
lewandowski top scorer in so far ! lets hope he retains this title
the opening game of has been total bs
if obama doesn't win i will cry ! he should be president for ever ! i know it doesn't even affect me but still !:(
shit if anything , michelle obama needs to run for president ! her delivery is always on point !
investigators raid germanwings co-pilot's homes as questions surround mental state
investigators raid germanwings co-pilot's homes as questions surround mental state : german inv
steve ! happy st patrick's day to you too !
happy st patrick's day hog fans !!
pray for nepal .. they didn't get to watch the bruce jenner interview .
being limited to 140 characters is such a double-edged sword at times like this
thoughts and prayers for those on the east coast , stay safe everybody !
thoughts and prayers go out to everyone on the east coast that are affected by hurricane sandy .
ride now ! ride now ! ride ! ride to ruin and the union's ending !
off out to judgement day . see ya on the other side .
happy st patricks day ! anyone celebrating , let us know what you are up to x
and now a special interview with stephen on home .fm about his irishness for st . patrick's day !
obama on s'appelle quand tu veux . call me maybe !
ap : foreign newspapers hedge bets on obama win
wearing red on st patricks day
st patrick's day is the bitstrips of holidays .
the halftime in america commercial made me want to make a difference but all the beers i drank got in the way today
healthy gronk and the pats win that game . 2 1 st rounders and 2 2 nd rounders , see you next year
about to go on at midcoast takeover ! come party ! shangri la at . shit is insane here !
far better than most junk people are tweeting about
bloomberg breaking news : french prosecutor says germanwings co-pilot appeared to want to destroy the plane
welp : paris (ap) - french prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot appeared to want to 'destroy the plane ' .
did hurricane sandy sink 'noah's' ark ? (the hollywood reporter ): share with friends : | | entertainment - movie
did hurricane sandy sink 'noah's' ark ? (the hollywood reporter ): share with friends : | | entertain
hervelino : |live now | kathmandu nepal on a motorcycle may 02, 2015 at 06 :12am
mhammmai : |live now | kathmandu nepal on a motorcycle may 02, 2015 at 06 :12am
weekly music vibe east bay - march 15
great report on sxsw by the those kids are in another world . why i moved there had everything to do with the weather .
are like defending champion chennai superkings and like kolkata knightriders , go italy win it
last channel button is about to get a workout forza italia !
new video shows carnage outside paris attacks bar : as pools of blood seep between overturned tables , the
new video shows carnage outside paris attacks bar : as pools of blood se
happy st . patricks day all ladies . hope the luck of the irish follows you today
there , i have now fulfilled my st patricks day obligations .
hong kong shows beijing what democracy can look like via
hong kong shows beijing exactly what democracy can look like : peaceful occu -
we are staying on the outside of paris . just thinking of all involved . keep safe .
news from paris is awful hope everyone is safe
man im woried about boston
cellphone services shutdown in boston to prevent further devices being detonated . now even harder to find out if your loved one is ok .
my nephew's first st . patrick's day
okay so i still honestly don't know what st . patricks day is ..
you are a sick man . remember that half the country voted against obama . status quo election nothing more .
congratulations once again the most powerful man on the planet .
in nj : 35 foot section of atlantic city boardwalk floating down what was st . katherine's place via
breaking news : watch : hurricane sandy storm surge to cause flooding
here's hoping isn't a doozy in sandy could overtop nyc seawalls and cause subway flooding ht
looks like i need to get some candles and stock up this weekend then . upside is hurricane parties .
i can't even go to sleep thinking about this hurricane .
well , look on the bright side .. if sandy does show up , there is a high chance of your midterms being cancelled :d
bc-us--apnewsalert ,13 (ap) -- united states issues travel warning for 3 african countries hit by ebola outbreak . ap-wf -07-31-14 1711 gmt
united states issues travel warning for three african countries hit by ebola outbreak . more to follow .
it's monday and st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day . here's a treat for you
: brussels attack shows how culture , bureaucracy hinder european counterterrorism : the via
brussels attack shows how culture , bureaucracy hinder european counterterrorism : the counterterrorism (usato)
y'all know that sneaky look people give you when they trying to see if you wearing green on st .patrick's day ? lmfaoo
wearing my favourite green dress for st . patrick's day . seemed appropriate .
softball got cancelled ..thanks to hurricane sandy haha .
aerial view of new jersey coast line after hurricane sandy from the nati :
smoking gun that the vote was rigged ? seems that way . was to be expected anyways .
going through shertleston and seeing the huge billboards . it's making my heart hurt . i've seen the poverty here .
if you don't like obama , be able to back up what your saying because no one likes ignorance . it works both ways .
well , obama won . you can all shut up now
c'mon fam , why u give brady some time
can brady pull off the tebow effect !
is one of things is known most for . here is how where to celebrate :
do some of you people even realize that it's only mar 15 th , and that st patrick's day isn't until monday ? lol
out of all holidays why the fuck would you wish your ex a happy st . patrick's day ?!
happy st .patricks day from sincere !!
happy st . patrick's day ! go green smoothie !
happy st patricks day from everyone famous
the talk of school is more about colorado legalizing weed than obama winning the election .
great question : what does wyo const amendment a , declaring aca is not the law in wyo , mean now that obama re-elected ?
my aunties a gem . she bet weeks ago spain would win the whole of
i think you need to say bye to your cash winnings !
business news - downtown new york after hurricane sandy : forbes reporter hannah elliott explores downtown manhat
business news - in photos : downtown new york city after hurricane sandy : forbes reporter hannah elliott explores
day 5 of and still going strong . (sort of )
buzz bands seek to cut through sxsw chaos : austin , texas - members of the ascendant rock band alabama shakes can
facebook activates safety check feature after brussels attacks go to
facebook activates safety check feature following deadly brussels explosions go to
country st . patricks day just seems wrong to me , not sure why
this is as far as we got for st patricks day
bffs barack , joe , michelle and jill after the networks call it for obama
is 1000000000000000000 times more man than you .you'll will never ever be a president of americapathetic slave !!
why am i headed to boston again ?
that boston marathon bombing shit od
vermont rallies for nepal earthquake relief : bhutanese nepali residents grieve , lead state's respo tscent
vermont rallies for nepal earthquake relief : bhutanese nepali residents grieve , lead state's response t (usto)
medium pizza , wings , case of cream soda , sour keys .
i'm so bored watching i'm getting a headache so that's me done . i managed about 4 minutes .
happy st patrick's day from all the staff management !!!
happy st . patricks day from the team at travel department !
what they're not saying is the ppl who were looting were opportunist and from out side areas
looting overnight again ? i'm disappointed about that
dtn italy : african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a common st
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a comm celebrate life !
cnn : more than 150 dead in multiple attacks across paris
four men who attacked a concert hall in paris on friday killing around 100 people were themselves killed when police stormed the buil
but why are people who live in england marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake ??
why are people in hull marking themselves safe in the nepal earthquake !?
forensic investigation manager opportunity - f500 multinational investment bank - hong kong
forensic investigation manager opportunity - f500 multinational investment bank
it's st patrick's day , i want to get drunk and do something fun .
we are not irish but happy st . patrick's day !
typhoon hagupit : aid effort praised as one million flee to safety in philippines - the guardian
typhoon hagupit : aid effort praised as one million flee to safety in philippines : woman gives birth in
have eaten all the potluck food and will coma out for the last 20 minutes of my lunch .
boston mayor marty walsh sits out st . patrick's day parade over gay veteran group good-he's an a-hole anyway
muslim cops officr was among victims of paris attack
coin ! aligokal : ahmed merabet . muslim policeman . killed at . we're all victims of terrorism .
rt there a dead white guy in the middle of chambers . he has a swastika tattoo on his arm .
trayvon vu all over againexclusive : jack cashill spots striking parallels with michael brown case
someone hijacked a plane from here
hijacked plane : first question .. how do you get on a plane with things like that
+1 for obfuscation . mt on mittens , kittens , and who should get the pie :
definitely need to look over my sample ballot when i get home so i can be ready for tomorrow !
read this ! weakened hurricane lashes bahamas after 21 deaths [a link in my bio ]
that's great ! weakened hurricane lashes bahamas after 21 deaths [a link in my bio ]
i've just seen the most horrific image from the boston marathon . am sending all of my love to those affected and injured . truly awful .
live updates on the boston marathon for anyone seeking information .
help - ~their home was completely flooded by hurricane sandy , still no power :(
are you people actually surprised a hurricane that occurred during hurricane season would cause damage ?
the sun is shining and it's ! happy st . patrick's day 2014 to you all !
happy st patrick's day babe :) have a good one !
i have a st . patricks day pin and i know where it is every day of the year except st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day ! what's your favorite st . patrick's day tradition ?
im glad people who never left this fucking country in their lives being marked as safe during the nepal earthquake
it's alright troops ave marked myself safe from the nepal earthquake
lmao why the fuck is there a hurricane sandy account ?
hurricane sandy update : health center closed ; call public safety in case of emergency . more info :
two more missing in nepal quake via
bbc : two more missing in nepal quake
oup and nlm provide free research access to nepal aid workers
more nepal earthquake videos capture everest panic and bhakta |
# a damaged wall clock in kathmandu (adnan
the psychology of inevitable earthquakes : a damaged wall clock in kathmandu (adnan abidi /
thinking of and 's nyc colleagues friends who are without power .stay safe guys - it looks mad out there !
thinking of all my fam friends in nyc and dc . stay safe guys xxx
irish flags !!! yummy ! happy st . patrick's day !!!!
happy st . patricks day from ariasalt !
i have a lot of faith in you know why ..
the number of bongs in the angelus will have to be reduced . the nation holds it debt
i gave up on trying to sleep . we're going to need lots of caffeine tomorrow !
democrat tim kaine won virginia senate seat . hopefully for pres it goes blue too .
(#dime_landy) corbin suffered ucl damage in left elbow : patrick corbin , the 24 -year-old ace of t (#dime_landy)
(/#diime_loco) corbin suffered ucl damage in left elbow : patrick corbin , the 24 -year-old ace of the arizona di
mad how many people are made up about obama winning yet probably didn't bother to vote in their own election . see what happens when you vote
yeah obama why do i not care about the uk elections
like the saying goessaving the best till last or so they thought !
i was right , he did miss his pen ..#euro2012
tgif for the victims of hurricane go out today
hurricane sandy threatens u .s. northeast , where experts fear it could cause at least $1 billion in damage
it takes a hurricane for my mom to go grocery shopping .
the fact that the hurricane didn't even hit yet and i'm already completely terrified
take your shit away from nepal
22 kms se of zham , china . 7.4 on scale . earth quake hitting nepal ..be
rt if st . patricks day got the best of you .
god , i hate st . patrick's day .
obama doing some post election grocery shopping see american president do his shopping in chicago !
man ever since romney lost these rich muthafuckas stop tipping so i just bout to lie next time and say i
new article : hurricane sandy : keeping tabs online follow ;)
new article : hurricane sandy causes school closings , delays follow ;)
happy st . patrick's day i love you from argentina
happy st . patrick's day jessie !!
someone please tell me when this dang hurricane is coming so i dont die .
medical tips :dialysis patients ,diabetics on refrigerated insulin ,anyone on meds that need 2 b kept cold ,plan ahead
hurricane sandy highlights areas needing design innovation in nyc : protecting transportation , power and communic
hurricane sandy highlights areas needing design innovation in nyc : protecting transportation , power and co
tweeting about paris is literally not going to do anything
sick sick sick over paris . tommy in france was to be in paris in the morning .state of emergency . border closed . horrendous .
game is getting stretched , probably showing both sides lack of ability in the final third that it is only 1 -1 'space everywhere '
beat goal of so far wish i could strike like that need some practice .. make that a lot of practice proved it today
thanks , lynn ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks day from are you feeling lucky today ?? we are !! we are so happy and
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qqbfjakzbw
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/uxtq7skab3
this hurricane shit is really getting to my mom , she practically bought the whole store .
i guess when hurricane sandy come shit gon be raining squirrels or sand or either both
so much to get done before austin tomar ! w /
tues . march 13 th release party mixing . . 301 w .6t
same-sex marriage , marijuana and obama - this is awesome .. but waiting to see how proposition 37 g
kudos to obama he won again :)
david stern just called it hurricane katrina instead of
does david stern know that it's hurricane sandy ?..
welcome back friends ! this morning we will focus on sandy and the storms path as it heads toward the valley . we
i really hope sandy is not that bad
super storm sandy was crazy , prayers go out to all who what hit
late night with jimmy fallon hurricane sandy cold open + monologue is a funny video :) on
[news5] batangas braces for hagupit's 4 th landfall , 5,000 residents flee homes
batangas braces for hagupit's 4 th landfall , 5,000 residents flee homes : (updated - 5 :16 p .m.) thousands of bat
brussels attacks : ryanair accused of 'trying to profit ' from stranded brits via
what the brussels attacks mean for the 2016 presidential race
two explosions have hit the brussels zaventem airport , killing up to 10 people and injuring dozens , according to
brussels zaventem airport and metro explosions 'kill at least 13 '10 dead , 30 injured .
creo que ganara obama .lo presiento .
all kenyan all the time : kenya declares holiday for obama
whoa ! new york marathon has been canceled !
okay , the marathon has been cancelled . lets now resume focus on the more important matters at hand .
trust resident linky lady to bring you the best source re the .
steal $100 and you're felon , steal $40bln from your own people , hide it in offshore , and you're hero with 86 % approval rate .
trick stop playing with me imma get sandy to whoop yahh ass .
$hd play for rebuilding after sandy ?
amazing read about being a heroin addict during hurricane katrina
that hurricane was phoney is shit ,i got katrina beating the fuck out of sandy ,
congratulations obama !!!! woo best news to wake up to ! excited now for next 4 years for progress in human rights !
obama should buy me halo 4
if he is there , he's probably there for the sxsw music festival .
bout to do some last minute packing lol ..if i forget sumn i'll just buy it when i get there !
and as jay-z takes the stage at president obama's rally , the vein in sean hannity's neck ruptures .
ah , do they think obama has a bitch of a problem then ?
happy st patricks day from mussenden temple
morning twitter . happy st . patrick's day !
today . rt this then rt again again all day . the world and the uk wants scotland to stay in the uk !
5 mins to my 24 th . 5 mins until the day of the c'mon scotland and keep it together !
i'm reading new york marathon cancelled due to sandy : the new york city marathon was canc
dtn new zealand : new york marathon cancelled due to sandy : the new york city marathon was canceled today by mayo
the czech number 10 is devilishly good looking
i could get used to a whole evening of football
happy st . patrick's day . you look like your having a fun day :)
happy st .patrick day from russian irish community !! :-)
why are you not irish today when its really st . patricks day ???
y do we have skool it's st . patricks day
the power is not allowed to go out until after i watch revenge
att prepares for hurricane sandy , offers tips to residents - annapolis , md patch
umm ?! what ?? people are taking selfies in front of the cafe in sydney ? what is wrong with people ??
hashtag is trending globally as sydney hostage crisis continues -
r retweet if you want spain to win the final !
spanyol vs italia = final impian (y)
police stormed the cafe in sydney where the hostages have been held , at least 1 person being worked on , they think it's a hostage :-(
my prayers go out to the people being held hostage in
happy st patrick's day laddy !
a little to kick off your st patrick's day .
((eresmuyespecial)) co-pilot appeared to want to 'destroy the plane ': prosecutor : the co-pilot of the germanwings plane that crashed
((holabebe)) co-pilot appeared to want to 'destroy the plane ': prosecutor : the co-pilot of the germanwings plane that crashed in the
happy st patrick's day from silas !
happy st . patrick's day !! - drinking a sneaky pete by -
should be a good group of death day .
should i watch the denmark /portugal match ? i do have this cover letter to fill out
so ratchet came from louisiana .first time i heard it was from hurricane chris .where that nigga go ?
i wish sandy would've took out that building .
st . patrick's day . more like happy birthday to me !!!!!!!!! :d
but what does patricia have to do with st .patricks day ?
sending love and prayers for the people of paris
my heart and prayers goes for all of the people in paris
sup kayla sandy fucking with u or u good
bronx rules , i'm safe and with electricity after sandy . all the best to nj and lower manhattan
having a scotty husb we have closely followed the for a while but he's left the most important question for 11 th hour .
twitter sphere alive with derivative statistics on but devoid of the true price of the underlying !
general election set for 26 feb . irish times asks for views from the irish abroad : will you be
reporter promoting a party about to be wiped out .
when a hurricane causes college admissions offices to push back ed deadlines you know it's the real deal .
i'm at a hurricane party !!! that's not good enough ?!
i believe president obama has done the best he can . bush gave us 8 years of hell . i'm happy obama gets 8 years to fi
what i said last night wonder if someone gone make a twerk video for the us or obama and look why happened
ap interview : unesco chief says nepal cultural sites 'huge disaster ' after earthquake : the head of the u
ap interview : unesco chief says nepal cultural sites 'huge disaster ' after e via
i'm so scared for this hurricane thing i'll be crying the whole time if it really happens
um , coastal erosion is one of the effects of hurricane sandy ..
headed back to ames . prepared for some st . patrick's day shenanigans tomorrow .
don't get drunk . and st . patrick is tomorrow
happy st .patricks day everyone x
happy saint patrick's day plus a freebie !!!
heart goes out to all the innocent people in paris rn
saying the bataclan hostage incident is over and the 2 gun men are dead .
things that were never said in english until just now : 'i'm enjoying watching greece take on the czech republic '
wish i was watching greece vs czech republic i love dvr
divorce between your crazy neighbor her cheating husband was bad . wait till you see what happens w / tea bags gop .
ramsey county , mn . estimated voter turnout - 99.75 % of registered voters .
3 dutch citizens killed in brussels attacks : foreign ministry confirms two siblings living in u .s and another woman died .
memri : egyptian tv hosts argue on air about who should be held accountable for attacks
why can't i find the charlie hebdo cover on any pages ?
charlie hebdo publishes another muhammad cover
wish i was out doing something this weekend for st patricks day :/ mehhh
what are you guys doing st patricks day ?
, she said sandy wetter than me , shid
wow , just heard that hurricane sandy may pickup speed over lake ontario turning it back to hurricane status !
roses are red , violets are blue , if mitt romney win just drop outta school !
obama vs mitt romney . rt if you don't give a damn
.if your power is out , and you have a portable car battery jumper . a lot of them have a port to charge cell phones with car charger
sandy takes down popular websites
i don't know what new orleans was bitchin about , hurricanes don't seem all that bad .
does anyone live where hurricane sandy is ?
after superstorm sandy , is there really a romney-obama feud over fema ? - christian science monitor : christian
sandy got me reading ..#3booksdown over course of storm .. ! now out gonna do another
happy st patrick's day babe x
yayyy happy st patricks day to you too again ;)
that would be cool ! do they have any panels related to or ?
content marketing is exploding at sxsw | social media today via
next time your at make sure you to help the people that have suffered from hurricane sandy . anything h
our hearts go out to the thousands dealing with hardships in the wake of hurricane sandy . find # free at shelters throughout the nyc
happy st patrick's day if you celebrating enjoy
happy st . patrick's day from dr . danardo scarso !
watch : nepal struck by another powerful earthquake : nepal's home ministry said the death toll from the q jpost
watch : nepal struck by another powerful earthquake : nepal's home mini via
in line to vote (in the rain ) let the countdown begin !!
all yu lazy mfs who hasn't yet voted , go do that !!
sky cable provides 24 /7 customer service touch points in anticipation of service interruptions by typhoon hagupit
typhoon pummels philippines : typhoon hagupit moved slowly as it pounded the philippines with torrential rain .
here's to green beer , corned beef and cabbage ! happy saint patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day i hope you are able to be out celebrating big over there . :)
superstorm sandy's wrath : deaths , flooding , outages - and no end in sight - cnn (blog): bbc newssuperstorm
hurricane sandy has resulted in at least 16 reported deaths
asia stocks gain after wall street takes paris attacks in stride read more :
asia stocks gain after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride read more :
tent city cholera plagued haiti embraces sandy humanitarian aid from venezuela via
and i'll be on the other side to blow them back ! haha !
greece : chalkias ; torosidis , k papadopoulos , katsouranis , holebas ; fotakis , maniatis , karagounis ; salpigidis , samaras ,fortounis.
this makes me feel dyslexic -- greece : chalkias ; torosidis , k .papadopoulos, katsouranis , holebas ; fotakis , maniatis , karagounis ..
barack obama ? 4 more years for you obama ! you go barack obama !and none for mitt romney .
lets see what this bitch mitt gotta say
wishing you all a happy st . patricks day !! hope everyone is enjoying the celebtrations ! come and visit us here at
happy saint patrick's day from brl test !
haha he said hurricane katrina insetad of sandy .
stern just said hurricane katrina instead of sandy .
mine too happy st . patrick's day , jake ! ;-)
mar 17, 2014 linguistic horror : accent eff-ups :
nepal rules out finding more quake survivors via
ttw today's news : nepal rules out finding more quake survivors
alert : get camping gear , signs friends for atx tonight . stay tuned for further instructions .
last thing i need to do before i leave for sxsw is put more beats on the 404 !!!!!'
ottawa gunman michael zehaf-bibeau captured on dashboard camera from
ottawa gunman michael zehaf-bibeau captured on dashboard camera : this footage filmed by a motorist appe (telg)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/iunvqcxisl
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cipv8zyp8e
no matter if gisele wins or loses the , she still gets to go home and bang tom brady
if u want 2 see commercial again w / tech innovators . words with friends is pretty lol :
stay updated on all the developments with hurricane sandy as it approaches the tri-state area
state of emergency declared in new jersey and barrier islands being evacuated as hurricane sandy approaches .
my twitter family ..welcome 2 election day 2012
follow through w /your convictions ..elect
hope every one is having a safe and happy st . patrick's day !
pipers are piping for us on magreen day ! everyone is irish on st patricks day .
happy st . patricks day from all of us at red hill ortho !
happy st . patrick's day , from your team at ceo !
hurricane sandy roughs up yorktown
i'm so irritated with hearing about the hurricane ..
happy st patricks day to you cal
happy st . patrick's day !! what are your favorite green veggies ? !
i just wanna thank hurricane sandy for canceling school tomorrow , thanks boo .
it's already a hurricane wilma . lbs .
happy st . patrick's day from the gorgeous retweet
happy st . patrick's day , but if you pinch me , you will lose your life .
obama declares emergency in the states of new york , massachusetts , and dc over 'frankenstorm'
lets all sandy is not as hash as predicted .
happy st . patrick's day . i wear it on my sleeve , literally !
thanks hun x happy st patrick's day :) x love you xx
top doctor working to contain current ebola outbreak is now infected with ebola . no cure . kills 90 %. damn .
rt : just horribletop doctor working to contain current ebola outbreak is now infected with ebola via
[abc-mon] big banks waive fees for superstorm sandy victims : morning business memo : big banks have a chance to p
abc money : big banks waive fees for superstorm sandy victims : morning business memo : big banks have a chance to
the islands buzzing we aren't leaving gimme your best shot you big bitch fuck you
east coast braces for sandy's worst via fox news
tear gas and flash bangs being fired on protesters now !
it's like the pd have a schedule . 9 pm : cordon off the main streets . 11 pm : fire off tear gas and flash bang grenades .
blaming hurricane sandy for this shitty wifi
thats good for the mta they've raised the fare for the past 3 yrs , i hope destroys your system !!!
, : latest nhc track for hurricane sandy points it squarely at atlantic city trenton , nj .
hurricane sandy as seen from the int'l space station via
when rainn wilson tells you to get out your camera , you do it . interactive festival
photo : when rainn wilson tells you to get out your camera , you do it . (taken with instagram at sxsw
charge up your t :slim if you are in the area of the hurricane expect loss of power . car charger works . i'm not worried
imma sit up all night waitin for this hurricane .
took us two hours to vote , time well spent !
i love america , and i love her people ! i am grateful for the sacrifices of all those who make this day possible . please vote
fbi , cia , tsa , us government , etc , once again , with all this tough talk after the fucking fact . after innocent people ar
very thoughtful analysis of boston and twitter
just realise that this was probably a bad weekend to start a kickstarter project cos everyone seems to be at sxsw . :(
risk it tx-style , kevin ! rt comedy & storytelling live tues 4 pm w /
so true , so incredibly sad , we inflict more harm than the terrorists did in paris , every single day !
rest assured , all those who are directly indirectly affected by the , will always fight on with
i'm at work , but not really getting anything done with this situation in ottawa going on .
in ottawa confirm 3 separate shooting incidents today ; 1 on parliament hill , 1 at national war memorial
damn hurricane sandy is really bad ..
the kooks are out with their conspiracy theories . sandy 'manufactured' to trigger martial law , postpone elections
happy st . (supra) patricks day !
thanks for the st . patrick's day inspiration ,
googlenews : northeast residents try to rebound after sandy's punch , but challenge of - fox news : new york ti
: northeast residents try to rebound after sandy's punch , but challenge of - fox news : ne
the governor of missouri says that the missouri highway patrol is taking over security in .
missouri gov : state highway patrol will take over security in
if you're reading this , then you most likely survived st . patricks day . good for you !
st . patrick's day festivities on fremont
us style tax would mean denis obrien having to pay tax !
gerry adams and his party are presiding over austerity in the north - how out of touch is he to lecture us ?
happy st patrick's day to all our lovely irish customers and clients . have a great day ! lx
st patrick's day is overrated . all about st david's day
i liked a video from : building game - st patrick's day edition !
some guy just puked right outside of my door .thank god this is my last st . patricks day spent in a university residence !
sg : watch springsteen joined by arcade fire , tom morello , eric burdon , and others at sxsw : yesterday , the boss c
stereogum : watch springsteen joined by arcade fire , tom morello , eric burdon , and others at sxsw : yesterday , the
everytime they 'attempt' to shoot my heart gets one of those mini hearts attacks .. :/
more threat from denmark the dutch defence looking average at best
i hope you are all safe . i have nepal in my thoughts .
my brother gary williams and friends are in nepal trekking somewhere , if anyone knows their whereabouts please contact me , one worried sis x
get ready manu . hurricane is coming for ya !
since sunday ive been invited to 2 mollies hurricane parties
mahn been reading about this hurricane patriciasmh
an image of the most powerful hurricane of the century
if st patricks day is so important they should have made it a holiday
happy st patrick's day , street art lovers !
[soccer] soccer-koscielny 'deeply affected ' by paris attacks , says wenger : arsenal defe
soccer-koscielny 'deeply affected ' by paris attacks , says wenger -read more
before you give the red cross a dime investigate the $billions that never made it to haiti
time lapse of hurricane sandy and its ' effect on nyc . sandytl
omfg do you live in paris ?!
several serious terrorist actions tonight in different areas of paris . unclear how many sites . news emerging .
happy st . patrick's day . now go dye your hair green .
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/8qlb2guxy2
bring a little green into your life happy st patrick's day !
happy st patrick day ! have fun xx
can you dm me please ?
doing a charity stream to raise money for the nepal disasters . more info : live soon !
i never like listening to speeches but obama's speech always rocks it up !
yes we can ilove obama
ebola virus ''very serious threat to uk '
jim iyke flees liberia amid reports of ebola virus outbreak .life dey important na ?
wrex : police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
crazy scenes in sydney , now its over hopefully everyone is ok .
going to help out with hurricane relief , be back in a week or so
last time a hurricane came thru the power was out for lik 2 weeks
embarrassed by fg rep canvassing in restaurant who'd give no indicator of how they'd vote on 8 th repeal . why shd i vote for you then ?
no more in dublin ? it can't be so , can it ?
happy st . patrick's day everyone - oh come on , you knew he was coming right ? lol
i love this lip by happy st . patricks day !
this sums up your st .patricks day
some say it's a gift :p happy st . patrick's day !
plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane ' / speechless .
no indication of why co-pilot would have crashed plane - lufthansa ceo
all of the gunshot wounds were survivable except for the one to the head .
all of these gunshot wounds were survivable , except for one to top of head that went through the brain , said michael baden . .
the family meeting area has been moved to boston common . runners are being directed there to meet friends and family .
my dads driving around boston right now !!! i'm so scared man
the architect bringing cheap , super-light disaster shelters to nepal : in the immediate aftermath of a disaster
the architect bringing cheap , super-light disaster shelters to nepal : in the immediate afterma
about half a million people flee coastal villages in the philippines as powerful typhoon hagupit heads towards areas devastated by a
dtn italy : thousands flee typhoon hagupit : about half a million people flee coastal villages in the philippine
hurricane sandy was one tough bitch . just ask this tree down the block . hope everyone is okay !!!
hope you're all doing okay out there .
happy st patricks day to everyone . 11 pm and were only getting started !!
happy st . patrick's day , go out and have some fun !
- een finale op komst , of toch
rt no tv in meeting room but aide says if there's a goal leaders may leave to view a replay
dark clouds above my town . and i'm thinking is coming . silly me .
hurricane you know they got nanes for hurricanes and tornadoes
happy st . patrick's day folks !! guinness on tap !
happy st . patrick's day ! who else ?
shares morning folks ! hope all affected by sandy are safe at the very least , and have come out with at little
you're scum . mt bc of sandy , extending $5m offer for president obama's favorite charity unt
whewsandy didn't get us too bad . praying for ny and nj .
its a little funny if sandy rivers cover a report on the hurricane in new york lol
why are english people celebrating st patricks day ?
why is my country celebrating st patricks day we have nothing to do with it
nepal is *still showing moderate and frequent aftershocks , techtonic movements .
4 th earthquake this month in - all greater than 6 magnitude .
right now i speak and safety peace over paris this is not right .
terrorism has no religion . sending my prayers to paris , beirut , baghdad , japan , and lebanon .
hurricane sandy i'll love you forever if you blow my school away
who is this bitch everyone is complaining about ?
merry happy st patrick's day
happy st patrick's day everyone ! what will you be doing today to celebrate st patrick ?
so if sandy makes toronto sad , i'm prepared . i've watched all the seasons of lost memorized the survival guide app on my phone .
video superstorm sandy : death toll rises on us east coast
if romney become president everybody gonna be skinny without the foodstamps .. bol
romney is a sick human being . it disgusts me he could have a chance of running this country .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ly70bnwp0x
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3vycmc5fys
sandy made her way into my city . so this was a must .
donate funds | donations | giving to american red cross want to help with sandy recovery ! link to red cross site .
not true - sandy is credited with around 70 deaths , or are you only counting americans ?
from what i hear hurrican sandy went hamm , woowww !
typhoon hagupit hits the philippines : more than half a million people flee typhoon hagupit as it --full story
typhoon hagupit hits the philippines : more than half a million people flee typhoon hagupit as it makes landfal
powerful statement from our allies in the wake of the paris attacks
the project's waleed aly praised for unity message in the wake of paris attacks via smh . waleed tells it like it is .
i really don't care for the rugby unless it's the six nations . all about football for the next couple of months !
once again , the main excitement for my day is the games .
i wish u an amazing st patrick day :)xx
happy st . patrick's day to my one and only
i'd really like ohio to turn blue before i go to bed !
exit poll ohio : 51 % obama , 48 % romeny
- england vs france live score : paris attacks victims remembered news and pict
england vs france live : wembley fans prepare to pay tribute to victims of paris terror attacks
jeb sucks . trump already said he would do this before paris was attacked . little late to the party
paris attack : welcoming refugees is a test our values via
it is muy entretenido . r again with the spanish . i love it so much ,
my prayers go out to all the families affected by the hurricane .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vc9lpvojyx
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/g9elsotpzm
me too edge but we send our best to boston
i'm scared about going to america because of the boston bombing and the korea thing :( :( :(
no ??? tell me why you like mitt romney ? ill tell you why i like obama
translation : marco rubio mt if the gop had received 40 % of the hispanic vote , like pres . bush , mitt romney would be president .
fr tropical storm hagupit batters philippines , killing at least 21 : the deadly storm that batt
tropical storm hagupit batters philippines , killing at least 21 : the deadly storm that battered the philippines for days weakened mon
happy st . patrick's day to all my wonderful irish buddies !
happy st patrick's day to all our lovely irish members everywhere !how are you celebrating today ?
this whole boston thing is so fucked up
my guess ? over 20,000 +++ cameras on that one street in boston , where the start finish line was located . if each runner has 1 friend w /camera
nepal quake victims flee to tentstent cities spring up in the nepalese capital after saturday's earthquake , which
dtn world news : nepal quake victims flee to tents : tent cities spring up in the nepalese capital after saturda
love me some hurricane sandy
take this east coast hurricane seriously , tie down everything , trash cans , patio furniture , if you have large
it's my favorite holiday ! st patrick's day ! had to work this eve so i'm just warming up for my reschedule tomorrow .
there once was an irishman named sean . who got drunk on st . patrick's day . he wasn't the only one .
i just made romney noodles obamaself lol get it ?
obama and romney have agreed with the devil not to talk about god or the bible !
looking through the for sa celebs like :
why seems so flat ? when it was commissioned a year ago by rogues , it was a different world .
if obama was white none of you would vote for him
obama is the ultimate job creator !!!!: is it just me , or does everytime obama or any one of his surrog
haha i wish i could say the same . i mean i only live in fl why would hurricane sandy effect us anyway ? hahah
hurricaning . hurricane just became a verb .
just paying my respect then im deleting my boston post
i'm sending prayers to everyone in boston .
not a bad band yet . the mowglis were awesome !
sxsw : next up , getting the crowd going at
if more directioners were old enough to vote , obama would surely win .
dema do vote verify 538 prediction that obama has 91.6 % chance of winning !!
ah ronaldo no words !! maybe he should play with the spanish team and he'll perform .- just a thought ..
let's go holland ! beat the freaking germans !
obama please hurry and come on stage
obama ! hurry your ass up !
why brussels attacks have 'breached the dam ' via
cnn news - why brussels attacks have 'breached the dam ':
obama has nothing to do with gas pricesstop .
1 dayyyy !! leaving out to america tomorrow . everybody wants an obama top lmaoooo
predictions - france 2 -0 ukraine . england 2 -1 sweden !
todays predictions i'm going for a france and ukraine draw of 1 -1 and an england win of 2 -1
years of pinches taught me to war green for st patty's day . i'm the only one in the office in green .
happy st . patrick's day ! get your green gold on today and still have $ left over for a brew tonight . ;)
aor kia yar i am so so so so worry about nepal ppls
do's and don'ts as per national disaster management authority
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cqwngb6exd
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mr23areosq
dan patrick & rodney harrison in the locker room on super bowl sunday /via
just what you were looking for : top 6 super bowl 2012 apps
hurricane has got me actin wreck less
bringing this hurricane in the right way at the bar .
a blindfolded muslim in paris gets hugswhat does a blindfolded non-muslim get in raqqa ?
you know why isis attacked paris ? cause they didn't have a small loan of a million dollars
so ppl r saying hurricane sandy is like the movie 2012
floodwaters from hurricane sandy surround homes along a riverbank in port-au-prince , haiti . government officials
happy st . patrick's day . every monday should be started with drinking .
your also a reason why happy st . patricks day is trending
lamest st . patrick's day ever ..
st . patrick's day celebration amongst friends !
i hope not , because that means i have to trek to work in a hurricane .
ok i'm trippin . is that hurricane suppose to be affecting florida ?
happy saint patrick's day , everyone ! not wearing green . pinch when ready . =)
happy st patricks day . come stop down for some green or if you ruin what your wearing from green beer we will get
[breaking] australia mourns sydney cafe siege victims : crowds gather in the city's business district wher
australia mourns sydney cafe siege victims : crowds gather in the city's business district where thr
tonight's twitter chat at 8 :30 pm est : what actions can policymakers take to empower the student voice ?
tonight's twitter chat at 8 :30 pm est : what actions can policymakers take to empower th
yo !! are you ok ? i heard about the attack in paris , shit d :
so sad to see a muslim lady in the uk post on fb this morning that she is scared to leave her house today following events in paris
happy saint patrick's day errybody
happy saint patricks day to everyone . especially and :-).
shouts out to everybody who put it down for obama !!! women lie men lie numbers don't !!! now let's do our part
obama !!!! 4 more years . we are proud of you
what's the big deal about st .patrick's day ?
never again , st . patrick's day . never again . .
i don't pray much , so can't send those to paris . but my thoughts are there .
i hope you are all safe and sound in paris .. please be careful dear friends *___* hugs .. from ny
yes sandy is a serious event no i will not take it seriously because there's really nothing i can do no matter what so i'm just gna laugh :p
lol m'pa vle pran'l nan wout
goodmorning thank you god for guiding the bahamas islands through hurricane sandy .
so who's worried about hurricane sandy ?
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! enjoy whatever you're up to !!
happy st . patrick's day . we're loving these nail designs !
bye bye republic of ireland and torres scores !
glad torres has scored . quality player
reports : 3 more face terror charges in brussels : authorities ordered that three rounded up in sunday's r
: reports : 3 more face terror charges in brussels : authorities ordered that three roun via
this is da aftermath of sandy in da rock around b80 -90's
new article : hurricane sandy estimated to cost $60 billion
incredible . 12 z gfs with 941 mb hurricane coming into long island . if this verifies we may never see such a thing ag
i hope the hurricane closes school forever
patrick beverley violates 'endangered species act '
hope you had a good st . patrick's day !
going green with on this fine st . patrick's day !
morning !.. a sweet for you on this st .patricks day .. :)
it's election day ! get out and vote or you can't complain !
i'm really sick but i'm going all the way across town to exercise my right to vote
swansea are to play 'les marseillais ' before saturday's game against bournemouth in support for the people of paris .
paris attacks lead to surge in applicants to join french army via
hurricane sandy is not looking good for our area !
sandy rakes over the bahamas : in this handout satellite image provided by national oceanic and at
this should be a pretty interesting game . greece vs czech republic
greece v . czech republic ! should be an interesting match as both are fighting for points . .
excellent interview by with didier leroy . why belgium ?
enca | third terror suspect charged , peace march called off in brussels : the postponement of the easter sunday
treatment for st . patrick's day hangover
being sick on st . patrick's day
me too . my dad brought me back with the hurricane on its way . .
i liked a video alert ~ hurricane sandy ~ east coast ~ must see and share !!!
as i said , i have no real preference in this ned vs ger match . but i now hope ned scores to at least make a game of it .
like a knife through butter ! germans are bossin this now , holland are in no mans land !
i have a feeling this hurricane is gonna end up being no big deal for nyc .
we're all fucked cause of this hurricane . think about it ..
happy st . patrick's day ! foodporn
dallas goes hard on st . patricks day
new york airports may not open until nov . 1 after sandy flooding - san francisco chronicle : forbesnew york airpo
forbesnew york airports may not open until nov . 1 after sandy floodingsan francisco chronicle (for more hurricane
abc news : nepal police say at least 876 confirmed dead in massive earthquake outside of kathmandu
maps are underway . here's a compilation of data sets you may find useful
happy st . patrick's day to all our 677 followers . have a great day and hope you too .
happy st . patrick's day !it's monday so happy hour all day
happy st patrick's day from molly and harlequin x
happy st patricks day to all you crazy irish people :)
brussels suicide bomber slipped terror net : the revelation that a brussels suicide bomber was det
brussels suicide bomber slipped terror net : the revelation that a brussels suicide bomber was detaine by :
there's one straight off the bench . italy 1 -0 spain .
that's how you do it mario . di natale shows . italy 1 -0 spain
im glad people think this whole sandy shit is a joke *sarcasm*
watching cnn and seeing all of the hurricane damage in new jersey makes me frightened for the iero family . ;~;
our hearts , thoughts , and prayers go out to everyone in boston .
my heart is with all the people in boston today
?! more like . how can people vote no ?!
two years ago , i was no . today i commit to something i've agonised over for nearly a year . today i've voted
number of dead inside the bataclan rises to 118 .
but let us pray for paris off the radar system . their authority is so shit . gudan tag ?
chaos erupts on the streets of after shows teenager was shot 6 x-twice in the head .
very happy to see this kind of in-depth contextual reporting on , not surprised it came from
this powerful cartoon about the ottawa shooting is bringing canada to tears : an editorial cartoon has touched
this powerful cartoon about the ottawa shooting is bringing canada to tears
no matter what if you do the right things and never give up you'll succeed obama or romney
i'm so exhausted .. thanks a lot obama
robben hits post what was keeper doing
robben hits the post after a shocking clearance from denmark . so close !
bubbaty 1 : the economic toll following the nepal earthquake is expected to be massive
fumitake_a : the economic toll following the nepal earthquake is expected to be massive
what ? no butt shot of a hot chick ? i really expected less of you . this is one of the best exits in the stadium .
that's it giants win !!!!!! suck on that patriots !
sandy will be historic storm , southern new england could still see major
sandy will be historic storm , southern new england could still see major event - the gu
don't think this cant /won't happen here .
i'm just aghast at what's happened in paris . takes a sick , sick kind of person to keep killing like that
happy st . patrick's day from believe kids ! we hope the luck o ' the irish finds you all today .
happy st . patrick's day ! like this post if you're irish !#choir
full episode : gma 11 /01: surveying the damage from superstorm sandy : fires , gas leaks in new jersey ; romne
full episode : gma 11 /01: surveying the damage from superstorm sandy : fires , gas leaks in new jersey ; romney , ob
obama doesn't have the power to legalize weed , congress does . btw it's still illegal by federal law .
i'm tired of these obama romney tweets . they getting old .
happy st patricks day hope everyone has a nice day
good morning world :) happy st patrick's day !
oh look its st patricks . just another extra sober day for me .
a blessed and happy st . patrick's day to all !
i wonder is the hurricane that serious . the news always sicing something
hurricane in the dmv . pookie , scruffy , and bon temps better be ok .
bbctw : on paris terror attacks and syria (19nov15)
paris attacks : second female body found in st-denis flat after raid - live updates : france to push un security
this stupid hurricane that's coming is ruining my plans .
they keep saying will be hurricane inside a nor'easter . just seems to me they'd stay on it to keep all ppl safe imo lol :)
sowe get a hurricane going the other way to clean the shit up from the last one right ?
our east providence , everett springfield terminals have returned to normal operations following hurricane sandy
prayers go out to the eastcoast as they get ready to deal with hurricane sandy !
i live too close inland i need a hurricane day off !
[rappler] nepal pm appeals for $2b to rebuild country after quakes
us marine chopper found , bodies recoveredread :
i voted . it's your turn .
just voted . you should do the same .
: alan shearer tips ashley young to shine .
well i'm supporting fra coz i got money on them to win the . prob support eng for the other 2 games mind .
sandy puts climate change back on the us election agenda : (source: businessgreen ) bill clinton and al gore a
sandy puts climate change back on the us election agenda (suzanne goldenberg , the guardian /businessgreen)
postbadswift : heart goes out to paris ,
our hearts go out to paris today .
press scream female bombers in kano , ebola virus , breaking of doctors ' strike
yes and abbott cuts aid , health science budget . ignoring ebola .
happy halloween ! mt the creepiest debris ? a 200 -year-old skeleton
happy halloween ! mt creepiest debris ? 200 -y-o skeleton surfaced under felled tree in new haven
just watched a video of the boston bomb explosion , absolutely sick how someone or a group of people can plan to kill multiple people !!
people seriously don't have hearts .
glp : hurricane sandy : sustained winds 80 mph for twenty four hours !!!
there's seriously a twitter for hurricane sandy
oranjefan gespot : (foto) via dylanjlynch reporting this every time they play
oranjefan gespot : (foto) via f4zu is getting ready to play against tonight in
vote for mitt romney tomorrow ! too bad i cannot vote yet .. i want gov . mitt romney to win for presidant ! godbless america
specially if u black and voting romney
rule bodies recovered at nepal crash site : the charred bodies of six american
bodies recovered at nepal crash site - the charred bodies of six american marines and two nepali soldiers are reco
why is facebook telling me that people are safe from the nepal earthquake ?
v thankful my fb friends are marked safe during the disaster in nepal . now i'm curioushow many of them know where nepal is on a map ?
isn't islam lovely ?just wait until they start raping our women and children beheading our men .gee, am i excited !!!1one
in cumbria - please sign share the petition : via
it does no good to debate whether the shooter was a muslim shooter ,or just a shooter .he wasn't either .he was just a cunt .
i hear the people currently in the centre block of parliament could really use some food
hypocrisy fox news focuses on benghazi attack while largely ignoring hurricane sandy via
my nj condo lobby completely flooded . wondering which party will use sandy as political tool ?
happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy irish luck with 25 % off today at !
happy st . patricks day . enjoy and celebrate how you feel you should .
i'd love to see how people would react if mitt won ..
i can't sleep so i guess i will watch these people on tv arguing about why obama shouldn't have won and laugh because he did .get over it
happy st .patrick's day from tyler ,the creator
a little late to the party but happy st . patrick's day .
stunning video shows police storm the sydney cafe where hostages were being held by terrorist :
video ; dramatic footage on as armed police storm cafe to end hostage siege in
top story : victims of the brussels attacks
victims of the brussels attacks via bbc
cooked up some grub to help fight super simple super good
mass transit closing at 7 pm today , evacuations mandatory for low lying areas of manhattan . stay safe friends strangers .
latest on 2 concord , ma residents stranded in nepal
back in india .let's help nepal !!! a little contribution will also mean a lot air india and jet airways
rt they are all running towards the approval of their fathers .
watching the . i want to know , just who are all those people standing along the touchline and what are they doing there ?
when is done can we sit down and talk about your typography ? forget beauty ; all caps monospaced text is unreadable .
sandy move ur fat ass faster up the coast i don't want to go to practice
ugh ! meanie ! i'ma tell sandy fuck you up .
rt listening to dispatch radio battling fires in brooklyn breezy point and rockaway gas leaks .
ebola first for urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about th
ebola first for urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about t
i love you carrie law you mean the world to me i hope your doing ok after hurricane sandy i hope the power didn't go out
loved denver , but hurricane sandy , it's time to go home . back to dc tonight
happy st . patrick's day from bellingham bay dental !
happy st .patrick's dayalways an interesting day
people on wanted to for romney . for the next 4 years !!
if aliens were to invade our planet , and we had to fight them , i'd want barack obama to deliver the pre-battle speech .
they should name hurricanes after black people from now on . sandy a weak ass name
what sandy activities are you getting to ?
i hope the hurricane blows something through my living room window takes out my tv so i don't have to watch this shit anymore
jersey is flipping out over this hurricane . really ?
new : mount everest : new avalanches from aftershocks in nepal
injured flown from everest , aftershock triggers new avalanches : kathmandu , april 26, 2015 : the f
happy st . patrick's day . i may not drink , but i do love gingers .
happy st . patricks day ! woo woo
he said that there are four bombs placed around sydney
live link to sydney news station check out
good save but also a shit penalty really
what a shit penalty ! samaras should of took it !
so is sandy the hurricane really that serious ?
sandy may be here , but i do not wish it to rock me like a hurricane .
great ball from gerrard , sneaky run from lescott , but lloris should've done better . looked flat footed on replay .
go on stevey g !!!!! what a cracking ball that was , and of all people , lescott !!!!
within hours of , police had cctv footage id of perps . they've pinpointed their location as i tweet . where are ?
suspected charlie hebdo gunmen surrounded : the suspected gunmen behind the charlie hebdo shootings took a host
chairs stored away , pots planters moved , garbage cans tied down - waiting for sandy
we're buzzin on a sunday in the richmond office . sandy can't stop us !!
happy st . patrick's day ! we figured our antique map of ireland in the 1700 s was appropriate today :)
happy st patrick's day to our scouting friends in ireland
scotland , we hate the tories too but please don't get caught up in one man's ego trip . vote no . good luck whichever way it goes
make sure you do vote , whichever side you've chosen ! and don't give anyone grief for their choice . ya radges .
that hurricane sandy page is clearly ran by a racist .
in just a few short days , i've gone from having the windows open in 80 degree weather to closing them and using a space heater .
all of us here at the fern offer our thoughts and condolences to the people of the boston area . let the healing , and the justice , be swift .
i'm literally scared for people in boston right now , i hope you're all okay :'(
celebration of today : mar 17 - saint patrick's day
temps drop sunday evening into early monday . detailed st . patrick's day forecast here :
wait .. people only wear jeans flip flops at sxsw ? it's going to rain ? good thing i only brought dresses heels . super fail
sxsw 2012 : nothing you expect , everything you need (via
sydney siege : how lone wolf shattered a quiet morning : man haron monis brought a nation to its knees .the self -
dtn new zealand : sydney siege : how lone wolf shattered a quiet morning : man haron monis brought a nation to it
im sorry :( how you doin are you doing ok cause of sandy
wownew yorkers eating out of dumpsters three days after hurricane . donations of canned goods are looking pretty good now .
happy st . patrick's day europe !
st . patrick's day in dubai ? via
proud to wear green ! happy st . patrick's day everyone !
kiss me , i'm ! happy st . patrick's day !
st . patty's day . cheap jameson . overcast . heart of . that's today for us .
kids these days are just killin ' it right now
after paris , we need more fellowship , not more see more
quite sad leigh , jade and jesy haven't showed any support towards paris
happy st . patrick's day ! or , to me , happy day ! -erin o'brien
even if you're not of irish descent , we wish all of you a happy st . patrick's day ! the day is considered , in the
whenever someone wears red on st . patrick's day weekend , i just assume they're english . kind of like st . patrick was .
idk a lot of people are way too hype over st . patricks day .
oh man . the nepal earthquake stuff is devastating
thank you world for being with us in this disastrous panic situation .
alba it is for spain ! spain 2 -0 italy
i assume jordi alba has scots ancestry ?
martin keown is actually a pretty good pundit . would like to see more of him .
what a year for torres . first , chelsea and now this . long live fernando torres !
happy st . patrick's day from the little known uglydoll bab o'bear
we are wishing everyone a safe and happy st . patrick's day !
world briefing : peace corps pulls 340 volunteers as 2 are isolated for ebola exposurethe peace corps said that
world briefing : pulls 340 volunteers as 2 are isolated for ebola exposure
comcast offers up free wi-fi for sandy-hit states : it's not quite the grand , pan-network gesture that the open w
[feed] comcast offers up free wi-fi for sandy-hit states : it's not quite the grand , pan-network gesture that the
i'm going to bed . i'm praying for in .
now 00 :51 report of shots fired near church at 10127 castle swat team dispatched .
so so devastating . death toll from latest nepal earthquake rises above 100 -
death toll from tuesday's quake reaches 96 : earthquake
death toll from blast in pakistan's lahore rises to 56 : official | via
pray for baghad .. lahore ..where innocent children murdered
friday 13 th isis planned attacks in lebanon and paris , earthquakes in japan and mexico ,baghdad bombing .
stay safe . know of a friend whose also in paris no word from them was supposed to be at the match
happy st . patrick's day ! i hope you're feeling all better after today . x
happy st . patricks day and stuff
saint patricks day is monday i gotta make sure i wear something green
i don't participate in saint patricks day . i don't wear green . ever .
sending my prayers out to the families of the hostages in the sydney siege 3
prayers go to all the hostages in the sydney siege . blessed be .
im surprised pirlo doesn't need a walking stick to move around . he looks like a cross between yoda and iggy pop .
would love to see balotelli kick off in the euros haha
obama won yahooooooo !! in your face , romney .
photos | obama re-elected : president barack obama won a second term in office after tuesday's election . people
speech before the game ?? good job we didnt qualify , imagine gerrard spitting down the mic
i just love how half of the germans don't sing there anthem
yeah . don't know what to think . coverage suggests romney has been highly disingenuous , but is that liberal media bias ?
let's vote for barack obama tomorrow !! :) he's way better than romney .
many people did . mt confession : when we lost power , i spent the hurricane hours playing
i favorited a video atlantic city residents reeling from sandy
dang , bae must be having fun at that party ! that's just going to be their nickname they going be my bae soon !!!!!!
c'mon giants ! i need more adrenaline !!!
happy st . patrick's day ! remember please don't drink and drive , we would prefer not to show you our vehicle extrication skills tonight .
ecumenical st . patrick's day service in dublin . by - news
g + us citizen tested for ebola in ghana - reuters - metrous citizen tested for ebola in ghanareutersaccra
u .s. citizen tested for ebola in ghana - a u .s. citizen in ghana is being tested for ebola after he fell
happy st patricks day to all our mangers , players and supporters .
on the way downtown !! happy st . patrick's day !!
please refrain from throwing fiery objects onto the pitch . if not already known
refrain from throwing fiery objects onto the pitch
guinness drops out of nyc st . patrick's day parade over anti-lgbt policy - buzzfeed
icymi in support of community , guinness withdraws from nyc st . patrick's day parade . via
i love america . lets keep moving .
checking in with field of reporters in ! tune into just checked on up next ,
i wish people would stop putting up those photoshop pics of obama ! its the exact opposite message that we were tryna s
obama is in my tv i love you obamaaaa i love yoooou
ft alemania 1 -0 portugal (gomez)#euro2012
ft germany 1 vs 0 portugal ..
being on the phone with during hurricane sandy drama ? my personal hell .
photos of hurricane sandy's aftermath in arlington :
un : after 2 nd quake , many in nepal cut off by blocked roads : after 2 nd quake , many in nepal rem
un : after 2 nd quake , many in nepal cut off by blocked roads : after 2 nd quake ,
wish i still had my sweatshirt ! happy st . patrick's day !
the staff of hayes hotel would like to wish everybody a very happy st patricks day .!!!!!!!!!!
nepal earthquake : live repo //t.co/2uuxokzj0h
nepal earthquake : live repo //t.co/zuiqlwdqqb
on this day , st . patrick's day thirty-eight years ago as well , i came home from the hospital ready to take on the
happy st patrick's day . come to my house , do a puzzle w / me , watch me soak my nails in acetone , play with my guinea pig . anyone down ?
why sandy makes the smart grid more important than ever
+1 this graphic of sandy damage is outstanding . this is what the future of news looks like : h
iht rendezvous : in sandy's wake , perspective from asia
iht rendezvous : in sandy's wake , perspective from asia : readers from around the world , and especially those in a
st . patrick's day menu ! we're serving up
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! are you wearing something green ? come into the shop and get a green treat !
who : ebola deaths in west africa surge to 467 : world health organisation says 759 people have been infec
who : ebola deaths in west africa surge to 467
happy st . patrick's day from otis spunkmeyer !
happy st . patrick's day from notre dame
damn dog ! that speech don ' almost brought a tear to my eyes !
me , my mom , and dad , stayed up just to watch obama give his speech
hmmm katrina all over again as far as government response is concernedand who's in the white house ?
i'm being mad selfish right now . here i am complaining bout not being able to work people lost their life due to [ sandy ] ! stop it tiff !
wonder how long it's gonna take the conspiracy theorists to come up with a video and theory on why the boston explosions happened ..
hbk salutes our own amanda fire who ran the boston marathon in under 3 hrs /30 mins as we join the nation to pray for victims
my thoughts and prayers go to those affected by the brussels attacks .
dear brussels , i humbly apologize for the barbaric foreign policy of the obama administration that perpetuates war and breeds terror .
you're following too ?!? it's been a great tournament so far ! can't believe the czechs put 2 up in the first 6 mins .
missing my first game . gutted !!! i intended to watch every single game
what food is safe during a power outage ?: the power is out , what to do ? hurricane sandy has left many americans
health : what food is safe during a power outage ?: the power is out , what to do ? hurricane sandy has lef
obama won , now lets worry about soccer .
well on the bright side ..everyone wants to leave the country since obama won , meaning there will be jobs for us left be
but like i said earlier . if romney wins i will b a house nigga so i ain't that worried .
everybody goin be turnin up if obama win
everyone seems to suddenly become irish on st . patrick's day !
st . patrick's day everyone u .u
happy st patrick's day to all my irish loves !!
happy st . patricks day !!!how cool is this pic !
weather channel leads cable news ratings with sandy coverage : los angeles (reuters) - viewe
crew member who died when tall ship bounty sank in hurricane sandy was descendent of fletcher christian
sxsw show is where i want to be
stu you should totally be here
st . patricks day just isn't the same without loganebc here .
happy st . patrick's day $eirl
i'm not from america but i still want obama to win
obama 4 president . obama for president . obama 4 president . obama for president . obama 4 president . obama
do i have to go to school ? it's . st patrick's day ! i have to celebrate .
: do you celebrate st . patrick's day ? vote
prayers go to all out friends in boston
if you let obama frame the debate on this boston bombing , they will have us all in chains before they are done .
ebola death in nigeria's largest city - a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's biggest city , lagos , with
ebola death in nigeria's largest city : a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's biggest
might pop down , depends on jetlag . back mon am as long as hurricane sandy doesn't change course ;-)
hopefully this hurricane fucks up our school
hong kong protesters organize on firechat
there's so many people it looks like new year's eve in .
drudge report - hurricane sandy latest : hurricane sandy latest (first column , 1 st story , link )related stori
hurricane sandy latest : hurricane sandy latest (first column , 1 st story , link )rel
19 things to know about st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from all of here at techraptor !!
after , spike seen in gun-permit requests in pennsylvania . htmlhtml
really makes you wonder how the protesters made in to college , and the stupidity of parents .
if anyone is looking for me i'll be home through wednesday . blow on by and say hello . i'll give you a glass of wine .
finna find a cuddle buddy for this hurricane *))
sky news projection : romney wins kansas , louisiana , north dakota , south dakota and wyoming .
rt nbc just declared the cayman islands for mitt romney
president obama will make a statement soon on and iraq . live link :
president obama will be speaking in about 2 minutes on the situations in iraq . watch live on channel 2
make sure you all today !
at this point i'm tired of even my own opinions .
hell of a thing to happen in boston . the poor souls .
i'm *in* boston though and i've got full reception
terrible news from paris , thoughts with everyone affected by the violence .
terrible news coming out of paris tonight not good at all
obama romney neck and neck almost dead even tie ..if you can get out and vote
lord help us all if obama wins again
haha i'm still laughing about when this boy said is mitt romney win then he would move to alaska ! alaska is in the united states dumb ass !!
- i'd rather vote for mitt romney .
hurricane sandy : 60 million people warned : coastal residents are warned to get out of the way as the monster sto
hurricane sandy : 60 million people warned
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/8seofx3bun
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/1stwf8usiq
must stubborn dog in the world came back as a hurricane .
weather advisory : remnants of hurricane could delay flights at , nyc , bst + mtl from sun-wed (1/3)
you can thank sandy alderson for that free taco lmao
this hurricane sandy isn't looking good ..
trending : at least 2 dead in sydney cafe siege
sydney's siege showed once again how monstrous human animal can be . rationalists , optimists and progressits - your ideology is an illusion .
what hashtag is the hostage taker using ?
massively impressed with australian radio coverage of hostage crisis in sydney . check for updates here on twitter .
wow great week to have my birthday thanks
wow ! gr8t time lapse vid from the times bldg ! hurricane sandy : suggested soundtrack :#d.guetta - one love
barack obama , mitt romney on 'monday night football ': the two men vying for the world '
barack obama , mitt romney on 'monday night football ': the two men vying for the world's most powerful job took time out on the eve of
u .s. army techniques publication 3 -39.33: civil disturbances via
yall are cowards . you can stop the media from seeing and recording you . but god see you .have mercy on ur souls . cause u not right
hahahahahahaha this hurricane sandy shit is jokes
why does someone name a hurricane hurricane sandy i mean really you're just asking for jokes to be maaade .
when placing bets for the tomorrow , be sure to keep in mind that odds are high on the fact that football's stupid and you are too
am i the only one who could care less about the because of the 2 teams that are in it ? can't stand either one !!
happy st . patricks day everyone !! - may your day be full of joy ! :)
haha ! that's awesome ! happy st .patricks day !! :)
how is sxsw (& the start of your trip ) going ??
come party w / me tonight at recess ! i'm celebrating my show in austin , texas for sxsw ! free all night ! open bar 10 -1
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ocmhudraq5
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/khszcfcrh7
i added a video to a playlist hurr sandy 4
yayay finally ! thanks hurricane sandy :) no classesss wooop
update on the ebola virus case in lagos : briefing newsmen today , special adviser to the l follow 4 mor
update on the ebola virus case in lagos : briefing newsmen today , special adviser to the lagos state gove
god help the poor victims of the earthquake in nepal
people are making trolls on earthquake in nepal ..i mean ..really?!?! how sick is that !!!
i rode hurricane ike out . that was fun ! whole house shook , couple tornados came thru and couldn't get down my road in the am !
going out for a cigarette during a hurricane . what could possibly go wrong .
it's st . patricks day , anything goes
it's st . patrick's day . i'm alone in my apartment . drinking . what else is new ?
shooting at headquarters of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo in paris ; 1 police officer inj
ten people have been shot dead at the headquarters of the french satirical magazine charlie hebdo in paris , reports say .#skynews
wearing green pants today holla happy st patricks day friends
heading to the gym going to go green work hard happy st patricks day
top of the morning too you , happy st patrick's day
happy st patrick's day everyone , we hope to see you later :)
worldnews : wreckage of missing u .s. helicopter found in nepal ; no survivors : kathmandu (reuters) - the wreckag
medical wreckage of missing u .s. helicopter found in nepal ; no survivors
so far we've had linda mcmahon trending for losing and now (elizabeth warren ) for winning .
if you didn't vote , diddy is gonna kill you
happy st . patricks day everyone . dont for get to where green .
happy st patricks day !!! who wants to join me for green beer ? :-)
happy st patricks day to my favourites
found my st . patrick's day outfit .
romney adds election day stops in ohio , pennsylvania : republican presidential nominee mitt romney's cam
romney adds election day stops in ohio , pennsylvania : republican presidential nominee mitt romney's ca
calm before the storm . have a great st patricks day folks
happy st patricks day to all wee folk from
kate middleton is dressed for st patrick's day - irish independent : mirror .co.ukkate middleton is dressed for
st patrick's day festivities help irish make a mark in asia - irish times : irish timesst patrick's day festivi
paris terror attacks : minute of silence observed nationwide
french ppl should do something who attack paris do something bite the person who attack french must bite them
looks like i won't need to start a riot tonight lol anyways party this weekend for obama !!
and .. president obama has made the environment a national priority , and a primary source for job creation .
st patrick day display of my home
tweetup venetian only lights up green on st . patrick's day !
brussels terror attack -- injured basketball |
abdeslam had paris-like plan in via
retweeted aje news key paris attacks suspect died in police raid on suburb of french capital ,
they also know for sure now in paris about that wanted terrorist , they killed him in that raid , he was full of bullets , lol
a woman from and her daughter are among the victims in the disastrous crash !
so sad a woman from and her daughter are among the victims in the disastrous crash !
sadly i can not vote for obama as i am english , however i am channeling 'vote obama ' vibes .
from those figures , it looks like obama is a certainty . is that the way you read it ?
bbc news - crisis meeting as ebola death toll rises in west africa
thoughts prayers . ebola death toll rises to 467 in west africa via
sydney siege : australia pm abbott lays flowers at memorial site : australian prime minister tony abbott has laid flowers at a makeshif
sydney siege : australia pm abbott lays flowers at memorial site : australian prime minister tony abbott h (cbc)
boston marathon 2014 : think registrations will fall ? or do you think every freakin ' runner out there will make it a point to be in boston ?
today i ran for boston . never forget . 3
it should be illegal to have classes on st . patrick's day
st . patricks day . doesn't feel like it .
this message came last week , from brussels to
live now : nypd gives update on security after brussels attacks
ugh whats gonna be with this hurricane hitting me my teacher said ny is getting a direct hit
there's a hurricane coming ? where have i been why am i just finding this out o_o
eating all of the artificially green colored foods on st . patrick's day is not an option for me . it's a necessity .
happy st patrick's day ! hope you have a great lucky week !!
no one covers a storm's aftermath like
those doctors , nurses , and hospital staff are angels
happy st .patricks day everybody time to piss some pepole off :)
happy st patrick's day to the people that believe in luck :)
i liked a video how to say nepal in chinese (tent, trekking ). before nepal earthquake
three people were rescued in nepal and unless a 'm via
mitt romney has just been kicked out of the race . what why !? we just found out his 2 nd car is a prius .
romney is on sportscenter ? now i know the world is ending . fuck .
we are experiencing delays because of sandy - however please read our blog post regarding downtime :
i still panic once my phone goes below 85 % dam you sandy .
fuckkkk 6 hour delay for my flight . dammm you hurricane sandy .
i'll never see grease the same way again after hurricane sandy
obama won , does he get a trophy too ?
american rhetoric : the power of oratory in the united states obama precedent : i heard romney voters , made me better
thoughts are with those injured today . unbelievable what happened today
to my colleagues in brussels . please stay safe .
david stern , its sandy not katrina
yo did david stern just say hurricane katrina ?!?
just , why ? co-pilot appears to have crashed plane on purpose , prosecutor says via
just heartbreaking to see relatives of the germanwings flight victims arrive near the crash site with the flags of each nationality laid out
this is awesome ! happy st . patrick's day from our fighting irish !
aww love you too darling ! happy st . patrick's day !
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qb2cot4oih
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6hlwksuqae
i can't believe keeps getting worse .
louis and i are continuing our 12 year tradition of going to an game the week before school starts .
saint patrick's day ! let's make a beer rain
st .patricks day is just an excuse to drink a ridiculous amount of beer and not be considered an alcoholic
nbc announces friday night hurricane benefit concert with pro-obama celebs
newsbusters - nbc announces friday night hurricane benefit concert with pro-obama celebs :
: charlie hebdo terror attack suspects killed in france ; hostage freed
more on police in paris say suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed .
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's p
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prime mini
can't believe i'm not doing anything for st patricks day , such a poor irish man .
everyone have a good st . patricks day ! x
yeah i hear on tuesday we're supposed to have some crazy weather . and i'll write a hurricane song for you xd
if your into experiencing crazy weather the may have a hurricane experience sunday /monday. haha
cop c n get fair trial , if there is one . witeness intimidated , might b killed . jury nullified .
as libraries reach out to serve kids kept out of school , they're also coping with state budget cuts :
happy st . patricks day ! i've got green on my shirt
today is st .patricks day !!! is yall wearing green or nah ?
hope everyone is doing ok from hurricane sandy
source marketing direct : dear customers , sandy hit . now what ?
l'oreal paris white perfect day cream , 50 ml worth rs . 675 for rs . 330 - amazon
l'oreal paris white perfect day cream , 50 ml worth rs . 675 for rs . 330 - amazonlink ===
the michael brown article everyone needs to read .
and if you say you have never judged someone or a situation without knowing facts , just bury yourself .
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but despi
dtn indonesia : philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines ,
commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm san
websiteready .ca commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules
traveling to paris , france from eurostar business premier club lounge
markets to be hit by paris atrocity : the equity markets registered their d
panache sxsw showcase wed 3 /14 bar !! - tonight bar via
ima be downtown all day tomorrow i aint lien
greece you are awful right now . granted you have several players out but no excuses . quit sucking
come on greece , step up the game !!
infographic : the brussels bombers and their links to the paris attacks : brot
(france24) infographic : the brussels bombers and their links to the paris attacks
happy anniversary and happy st . patrick's day .
have a great st patricks day too megan
over 100 killed at paris rock concert : rockers react : the coordinated terrorist attacks ac via
over 100 killed at paris rock concert : rockers react : the coordinated terrorist attacks across pa
today what kind of food are you making for your party ?
today , 46 sunday pre-game show , vs at noon et on
yay prez . obama !!! congrats ! can't wait to see the progress nite nite everyone :-)
obama has been re-elected , it is over for america
happy st patrick's day marcia ! :)xx
happy st . patrick's day - may today be a reminder that christ is in you and can work through you !
why are people so surprised bout the damage sandy did ? what did ya'll think she was gona do , paint ?
can cloud desktops keep business continuity during hurricane sandy ?
yessss it's st . patricks day !!!
to those of you who are irish , i wish you all a happy st . patrick's day !
i want this hurricane to come lyke right now and last all night .
as hurricane sandy approaches , remember that under romney , there'd be no federal relief for natural di
it ' is so sad what happened in paris my prayers goes out to everyone involved in this horrible accident
trendy neighbourhood is turned into battlefront amid paris attack
[bangkokpost] nepal quake deals heavy blow to cultural heritage
nepal quake deals heavy blow to cultural heritage
wait you still get pinched if you're not wearing green on st patricks day ? oops
also i am one of the only people in my office wearing green for . looks like i've got some to do !
american should be very interesting tonight .
what issues matter to you this election ?
please remember that some of us white people voted for obama . he's our president too . don't alienate your social justice allies .
lol who thinks captain america would vote for romney i bet he only reads ultimates too (i'm sorry )
^~^ 'i couldn't save them ': charlie hebdo columnist who missed office on day of attack |
foundation 'i couldn't save them ': charlie hebdo columnist who missed office on day of attack
pics : people really go crazy for st . patrick's day here are some of the many green things people make , eat and
happy st patrick's day brah
the grass is green for st . patricks day !
flannigans really celebrating st patricks day
this one makes me laugh ! happy st patrick's day
happy st patricks day to all those who are celebrating !
happy st .patricks day little leprechaun !
did not realize it was st patricks day lol
lol ! holland 10 attempts 2 on target . denmark 3 attempts , 3 on target
nice statistic : netherlands 10 attempts , 2 on target . denmark 3 attempts , 3 on target , 1 goal .
true to form the british media ignores the tragedy of the thousands of deaths in nepal for the 50 missing britons . we are equal . end of .
hope nepal would recover soon
the sun has come out to celebrate ! happy st patrick's day everyone !
happy st . patrick's day from hometown pharmacy !!
it's st . patrick's day , but i'm bleeding blue . let's go ,
a good way to end st patricks day is to watch on vote
busted ! man arrested for ;explain brussels ; tweet
looks like you're on sky news man arrested for 'explain brussels ' tweet via
niall has sunday and monday off because of st . patricks day !
can we get monday off , since it's st . patricks day . that would be nice .
another goal from russian !!! wahoooo
howard webb not giving a team in red a penalty ! miracles do happen !
gotta get obama back in office
obama-romney race in swing state wisconsin : what to look for on election night : with wisconsin looking like it c
the thing that hurts the most is and im not even being bias when i say this but i really believe romney would have be
wtf the sent the guy who lost 2 the guy who lost 2 mr obama . how the fuck did they think he cld win ? nobody liked romney anyway .
video - 11 h ) hurricane forecasting and advisories | synoptic scale meteorology - meteorology
video - 11 b ) anatomy of a hurricane animation | synoptic scale meteorology - meteorology
acosta watch live : germanwings holds presser on revelation pilot caused crash : germanwings , acosta
watch live : germanwings holds presser on revelation pilot caused crash : germanwings , a budget subsidiary of lufthansa , will hold a pr
i added a video to a playlist sxsw : marvel's axel alonso and jeph loeb
i added a video to a playlist sxsw alonso loeb
as a proud born-and-bred scot , my only thoughts currently are ! no question about it - scotland needs independence !
just voted come on scotland we can do this !
18 and ^ better be voting for obama , since i can't . my future is in your hands . lls
all i need is for the saints and obama to win .
flicking through all the different news channels and they're all saying different things !
i like how nbc brings out tom brokaw for special events . he's like the good silverware of news anchors .
these hurricane sandy tweets aren't funny anymore , just stop .
president follows american red cross advice now on sandy but not benghazi when they pulled out . oh , stevens told him that too
laura ingraham uses boston bombing to stoke fears about reform
mom : who do you think was behind the boston bombing . the us government ? me : duh .
this is one of those times when you need the support of a travel agent . airlines brace for sandy-induced havoc
this is a good , quick ongoing status report on all things new york after the storm .
our hearts are with everyone who was affected in boston today .
i hate everything that has to deal with boston . but i feel deeply sorry for the people who were injured passed away . :'(
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/eo7qznvive
symbol of hope : baby survives burial in nepal earthquake rubble
i can't wait to see how key and peele will make fun of romney since obama won
yeah , this is exactly why he is better than romney .
a gunman has shot and wounded a soldier in ottawa . police say at least 1 shooter has been killed - but they're hunting for as many as 3 .
everybody stay saff in ottawa and other major citiessome stupid people out there and are not afraid to hurt others
amazing video !! the most devastating anti-obama election video of 2012 ? you decide via
no no no . they wont get away with it bs romney will reverse it . it will be fought and it will be ugly
happy st patricks day to you xxxx
where to celebrate st patrick's day in london today :
happy strength does not come from physical capacity . it comes from an indomitable will . -mahatma gandhi
good morning sunday ! my win prediction : the newengland patriots vs
swear sandy took wit her back to the bikini bottom !!
all signs point to romney to end fema even after wake of hurricane sandy
we are open until 5 today ! happy st . patrick's day
spending st .patricks day the real irish way , watching the club all ireland final
lol she already has . problem is , she would never even think of telling patrick that .
where is the recovery from st patrick's day party for those of us arriving tuesday ? ;]
wonder how much beer was consumed today for st . patrick `s day
well happy st fkn patricks days
regardless of how hard you party on st . patricks day you will never top rob ford .
isn't st patricks day on monday ? im confused
not clear why anyone had to pad this guy's ego . why go on national tv to tell everyone you have hiv . he has issues .
stops lying . and . utilizing . dead . and . mutilated . children . for . fucking . retweets .
not sure if i'd agree but admittedly funny
obama , plouff , axelrod and cutter . these are very bad people . they think that we are all stupid because all they do is lie to us .
the atlanta hawks ' game versus the raptors tonight will be televised on tnt at 8 :00 due to the boston marathon tragedy .
president obama will make a statement at 11 :30 after being briefed by security advisors on the boston bombings
hurricane sandy stay safe east coast !
ey , watch out for the hurricane sandy .
too many motherfucking romney commercials !!!
tweeted about voting for romney and immediately lost 3 followers . oh well .
four ways to mark st . patrick's day during
happy st . patrick's day ! be safe and have a pint for me !
hope the game keeps up with this amazing start ! germany playing really well .
c'mon germany ! knock the grease balls out !!
y'all should be promoting thee like y'all do these parties cuz if it'll be
same horse different jockey ! romney has a decent chance , could win popular vote but lose the electoral college .all nighter !
instead of the community of putting there money together and hiring the best attorney on earth to sue the city and fpd they riot
all of america needs to know what's happening in stop the
australia siege 3 - australian pm abbott makes statement on sydney cafe siege - first run 0230 g / no . 2037389
can everyone in sydney stay safe
temas del dia : nepal army spots wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter
nepal army spots wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter : ground troops are being sent to survey th
/not just cuz romney lost , but b /c everyone lost ! lost badly ! it's unreal , unbelievable , just hard to swallow
wana hear a funny joke ?? obama ..bahahaha
we definitely have to give a to president obama for the day that's in it :)
at least meatloaf has resurrected his career . i guess i can expect bat of hell iii or whatever soon .
brady is performing surgery right here
touchdown !!!!!!!!!!!!! tom brady a aaron hernandez !!!
stay safe out there if you're in the path of the hurricane !
clearly our floor has become a camping ground for school work related items :)
happy st patricks day to you all , we are open all day today from 12 till 7.30 pm for food !
happy st . patricks day o :-)
happy st patrick's day aoife , best wishes from england
happy st patrick's day ! ahah
man utd 3 -1 win . chelsea 3 -0 win . obama to win the election . my calls
last week , world series . today , obama . there's so much celebrating recently .
match report : france vs england ; a lifeless ordinary : group d played its first game last night with fr
[arsenal blogs ] match report : france vs england ; a lifeless ordinary [arsenalnewsuk]
boston marathon explosions : witnesses to chaos - 2013
solidarity run tomorrow for boston victims . who wants to join ?
2 americans were killed in brussels attacks , us official says .
just in : u .s. official says 2 americans perished in brussels attacks
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/n2xemrvuou
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/u7ln0uxyxl
as so far 175 has been bloody murdered by !
israeli brutality didn't surprise me but muslims world silence does !.
as brussels gains sympathy after attacks , turks wonder : what about us ?: turkish president tayyip er
as brussels gains sympathy after attacks , turks wonder : what about us via
kids are dying before entering into this world . a pregnant woman lost her life in the what could be
standing w ! our thoughts prayers r w all involved in brutal recent incidents around the world .
how do people not celebrate st patrick's day ?
bc its st . patrick's day
spain proved they are the world's greatest tonight . nobody can have any complaints . congratulations .
rightful win there . well done spain !
hello eb readers , ebola virus in nigeria ??? what you need to know : ebola virus is a deadly epidemic di thanks
ebola virus : real or not , y'all should be careful . stay safe
i might not be a obama fanbut his speech has been good so far
obama giving his acceptance speech .
in honor of st . patrick's day , i almost left my room .
happy cop out st .patrick's day !
work is gonna be dead as fuck tonight , who tf is gonna want to come out to eat when there's a hurricane tomorrow . everyone
glad i'm missing hurricane sandy . pretty much the whole east coast has declared a state of emergency .
never tolerate any of these 8 things in a relationship
retweeted mpmania .com never tolerate any of these 8 things in a relationship
is there anyone left in ireland to milk the cows ? posnan is alive a live oh
the match from hell . i just need to win from both portugal and germany . we have to win both if we want to win !
tomorrow is st . patricks day .. aka nicks day
guinness drops sponsorship of the order of ancient hibernians nyc st . patrick's day parade over lgbt inclusion .
happy st . patrick's day ! we can't wait to see everyone tonight at !
happy st patricks day theo ! u are the best baby in the world
watching what's happening in paris is even harder since i was there in march . security was already tight with a lot of military presence .
frfr but you hear about paris ??
barack obama understands the threat of climate change . -jack johnson
fight fight fight for mitt ! we have one day to make this happen ! all our hard work better go to a future of prosperity and dignity !
white authority figures cover-ups go together like pb j
it's so funny to watch ppl make such passionate argument regarding stances that are based entirely on hearsay , lol
i don't feel the magic of st . patrick's day at all
happy st patrick's day , les .
today is st . patricks day and while i was thinking of wearing green it's a no for me still going to wear black like i do everyday
happy st patricks day 2 all , j
happy st . patrick's day to you as well anna !
happy saint patricks day all my little perfections c :
*600 tweet * i close my eyes and i can see a better dayi close my eyes and pray .
praying for those people at boston marathon and the latest tragedy .
made it home in time to see obama !
michelle obama always keeps those girls on point , great example for all mothers and their daughters ! especially those of color !
spending time in the kitchen prepping fun & healthy treats for tomorrow's party . recipes to follow later !
gutted i'm working earlies monday and thus missing the eli vs brady is going to be a classic !!!
hurricane sandy , please make school be cancelled for at least a day .
hurricane sandy better get my classes cancelled on monday
anybody following obama on twitter ! i swear he is on every 3 rd tweet . he is so pathetic ! what president acts so desperate to save his job !!
so dixville notch is a tie . obama beat mccain there but bush destroyed both gore and kerry there .
morning all happy st . patricks day to whom it may concern !!! :-))
happy st . patrick's day from the catlanza crew
there's a hurricane coming and we have no food in my house
is no joke . it has killed 65 people so far ; 51 of those in
jagger and knight record nepal track : sir mick jagger and ronnie wood of the rolling stones join bev
jagger and knight record nepal track : sir mick jagger and ronnie wood of the rolling stone
disease risk sparks urgent aid plea in nepal : with many being forced to live in the open after t (by
sky news : disease risk sparks urgent aid plea in nepal
so who wants to go surf hurricane sandy ?
i told y'all hurricane sandy was coming soon . lmfaooo
video : first winds of hurricane hit mexico : hurricane patricia's wind speeds mount , ripping across the c (bbc)
hurricane patricia forces postponement of clasico tapatio : the two guadalajara rivals will have to wait until
pray for nepal . help nepal if u can ..
let us continue praying for nepal ..
we could see two new strikers on the pitch for the 2 nd half : spain because they need one and italy because balotelli is a twat
i want to win . not because i like spain , but because i hate
i did not know today was st . patrick's day im not wearing green :o
irish stew soda bread made by francis at our st . patrick's day pop up from 12.30 pm , ground floor at
where to go tonight for st patricks day !?
no one even cares about st . patricks day
a powerful earthquake struck nepal saturday , killing at least 718 people across a swath of four countries as the
devastated to hear that more than 100 people die in leaving hundreds ..
either team can win this ?? no shit sherlock hanson
what did u make of england earlier
brussels attack : belgian police arrest six in raids : raids in belgium come as investigators race to trac
: brussels attack : belgian police arrest six in raids : raids in belgium come as investig via
world leaders claim innocence after revelations : world leaders and government mashable /business
world leaders claim innocence after revelations : world leaders and governments via
taliban group claims lahore park attack
today lahore blast : deadly explosion in park in
thank god the hurricane sandy storm is not happening where i live .
nbc to air hurricane sandy telethon friday at 8 . christina aguilera , jon bon jovi , billy joel , bruce springsteen , j
there's a chance the kitten half time show at the will be better than madonna's halftime show at the
should never be allowed to do a again , this pre-game is bull shit
re-election of obama ! good news !
why do we indians give a fuck about the us pollshis name is not bharat obama !! fools
happy st patrick's day everyone ! -tay xx
aw happy st patricks day niall
thanks to for ref israel sending highest number of expert helpers to nepal !
to pay tribute to nepal victims in kolkata
in honor of the i wore old spice tonight . go !
two and a half hours to go until the most absurd sporting spectacle in the world . i can't wait .
happy st . patrick's day !!! have you read blueprint for yet ? order it today at
thanks to white people everywhere , i feel like it's been st . patricks day for the last two weeks .
u are clueless . u have a disconnect with your citizens that is obvious and blatant . you need to resign from office .
so is this the dance at press conferences ? the speaker just talks completely ignoring the questions asked ?
top stories : letterman continues despite sandy : david letterman hosts his late-night chat show in an empty new
breaking news : letterman continues despite sandy : david letterman hosts his late-night chat show in an empty ne
bbc investigation : images are not reliable : the bbc has investigated , and found i
[#josedaviid13] inf : bbc investigation : images are not reliable : the bbc - [ ]
oh it is st . patricks day right ..
the clondalkin youth band patrick's day parade
we r hanging out tomorrow during hurricane sandy right ?
r 1,100 national guard for hurricane sandy hmmm i dont know about you but i smell martial law !
5 ways protesters organized : the hong kong protests have gotten the world's attention . how did
5 ways protesters organized : the hong kong protests have gotten the world's attentio
did you watch final ? calling spain boring a bit like disturbing a sleeping beast
didn't put the dutch as biggest disappointment as didnt have them ti get out of group . had fra to make final . *ahem*
sandy gone ! i guess spongebob comin next then
damn you the storm has be retracked to go right over my town .
yes paris matters but its not thee most important thing
netanyahu just responded to paris terror attacks in a way that only bibi canand obama won't-thank god for bibi
and they're reporting it with a picture of nepal earthquake . sadqey !
latest nepal earthquake : death toll rises to 36
happy st . patrick's day from all at .
happy st patrick's day girls , gutted i'm not home
how you have dat ? hurricane gone fuck me up
new homeowner honeymoon period is officially over . thanks .
police now confirm at least 140 dead in paris , france -
my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in paris .
8 h photo : sign altered to read 'central government and triad offices ' - via
sincerely hope the rulers don't take this statement in actual literal sense
and never forget : st . patrick's day s today .. :o)
happ st patricks day sorry for the stereotype
the fuck is this snow on st . patricks day ?
why does st . patrick's day even exist
in 12 hours , gold !!! happy st . patrick's day everyone !
happy st . patrick's day ! are there any celebrations in harare ?
euro 2012 recap : congrats to spain ! since poland and greece kicked off in warsaw , the world has watche
euro 2012 recap : congrats to spain ! since poland and greece kicked off in warsaw , the wor
remembertoday's a marathonnot a sprint .happy st . patrick's day !
photo : what it feels like to wake up to 8 -10 inches of snow on st . patricks day .
hurricane sandy . does that mean there is no bread and milk at the store yet ??
update 4 -hurricane sandy closes in on u .s. east coast via
my thoughts and prayers go to the people of nepal . i can't even imagine an after shock of 5.0 much less the big one being over 7 . 3
my heart is with the brave people of nepal
obama !! give the guy a chance to do the job 4 years isnt long enough ! what is the maximum they can serve ?
no , you're right . let's do it the fastest and dumbest fucking way possiblelet's vote romney !!!
looking at the demographics , obama's win is all about race . the united states of mexicana won it for him .
already we r feeling the effect of obama being reelected ,stocks take adive ,only 1 day after he has been reelected ,r u regretting ur vote now ?
in 8 th grade , i painted my face green for st . patricks day .
i spy a guinness .happy st . patrick's day !
so children have lost a parent , and the survivors can't expect not to need recovery time where do i donate ?
sending my prayers condolences to the families friends of tori katrina who tragically lost their lives today in sydney
not only should we be praying for boston but the world because it is an ugly place
our hearts are with the victims of the bombing at the boston marathon .
happy st patricks day !! are you wearing your green today ??
happy st .patricks day from motherfuckingquentin nietz
hurricane sandy : awaiting nature's terrible beauty again - chicagonow (blog)
does anyone know if ma's in the line of the hurricane
how can you look at mitt romney's face and listen to him talk and think , you know what yeah let's go with this idiot
romney yu are tht bad guy
there was a parade for st patricks day in the city here in sydney how exciting
it's snow st . patrick's day . if you have to go out this morn be careful .
it says a lot about today's generation that and is trending higher than . disgusting .
the germanwings investigation so far is hardly conclusive
oh if i had the money and could get there xd stupid sandy aha i would :(
the fact that i'm drunk before the hurricane is even here is stupid
the hurricane research team has its eyes set on . sticknets will collect info .
white ppl downtown is like i know sandy
and spain do it again .. unstoppable team .
on another note , mr . chickened out of that last penalty ?!!
for latest updates on ottawa shooting : follow who is inside locked down parliament who is at the war memorial .
thoughts and prayers go out to victims and first responders on scene of shooting at national war memorial , parliament hill .
you ain't going to savannah for st . patricks day ?
you know it's st . patricks day when
now that st . louis and hennepin are coming in , obama has extended lead in to 8.5 %. swing state my ass .
really ?! who voted yes ? or for romney in mn ? almost exactly half of everybody . jesus christ people get out of your zip code . see the world !
which could be a lot worse for obama we have done four years with obama already we know what he is like and what to expect
obama follows bill clinton's footsteps . 4 more years indeed . 'this happened because of you ,' - obama
'shake it off like the earthquake ' says lenskart ad after nepal tragedy kills over 400 via
nepal's at the top of my list . my thoughts are with them
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! celebrate safely !
i love the picture ! happy st . patrick's day !
alcohol and st patricks day . who's to join me ?
sorry but irdc about st patricks day
great to be irish , happy st .patricks everyone
ah yes the incredibly religious st . patrick's day parade which has never led to any sort of debauchery .
alright i'm already annoyed as shit with all these hurricane parody accounts .
stay safe everyone who is in the path of sandy ! hunker down !
documents in home of germanwings co-pilot indicate he had illness he kept secret f
this just in : prosecutors find evidence germanwings co-pilot hid illness
prayers for paris , france . i am here right now .
freerepublic : breaking news : police gun battle at paris apartment
a hurricane came through did u see ur hair
hurricane sandy already responsible for nearly a dozen deaths
thanks sxsw . so many firsts , the best being the knee support prostitute across the road from a the wire-style crime scene .
check out this review of our show at sxsw
i wish i was getting drunk right now considering it's st . patrick's day and all
st .patrick's day t shirts for all , some with text
omg barack obama though now its going to be 8 years running !
4 years ago i was in texas when obama was elected , it was mental
some nights i'm very grateful for saint patrick . happy saint patrick's day , and may the road always rise to meet
looking great in green !! have a great st . patrick's day !!
my english teacher sent an email saying that class might be canceled dude to a hurricane
bout to go enjoy my saturday before brings her ass up here smh
thank you for following us ! always excited to have one of our own follow us ! happy st . patrick's day :)
rt happy day ! enter our - follow retweet to las .
two very essential things for a hurricane
apparently there's a show called gallery girls
happy st patrick's day everyone !! # loveher
what's st patrick's day anyways
show me whatcha got sandy
i hope sandy isn't getting the best of you like she did my gate !
white man called chuck tells me just before rescued by police in : people shouldn't be afraid to stand up for what they believe in
a black woman gets killed by cops in wash dc : crickets .a thug gets killed in by cops : outrage holder .
editor's note : as typhoon hagupit has just recently made landfall in the eastern philippines , reports have not y
editor's note : as typhoon hagupit has just recently made landfall in the eastern philippines , reports have not yet solidified on the
happy st . patrick's day uhul
in honour of st . patrick's day student council is giving out free shamrock shakes in the small gym at lunch today !!
these are the helpline numbers at indian embassy in nepal : +977 98511 07021, +977 98511 35141
hope all those affected by the are safe . prayers go out to those affected .#nepalquake
goal ! arshavin's clever pass finds shirkov who dinks the ball over petr cech to double russia's lead ! russia 2 -0 czech
adrian chiles to say czech mate russian roulette in his summing up at half time
watching live on : paris from above in giant ferris wheel with euro .
on : paris from above in giant ferris wheel with euro .
better show them how we do it when obama wins lol
so president obama has told supporters to vote to get revenge ? really ? and this is the man that promised to
gm sydney time to get up and get ready
what do you think about what happened in sydney ?
last day of work for me today and the start of ! woohoo !
bring on the vamos spain . c'mon england lol
happy st patrick's day , jason !
thanks guys for the help on the fall on collins rd happy st patrick's day
i just refuse to be a pincher on this holiday . something tells me st . patrick would want it that way .
someone got a st . patricks day bandana at the groomers today !
obama victory celebrations : barak obama has entered a second term as american president defeating gov . mitt romney after a closely-fo
obama victory celebrations : barak obama has entered a second term as american president defeating gov . mitt romn
no nicki , never ever say pattys day !!!! paddys day or patrick's day is all we will accept in ireland
happy st patricks day :ddd ireland
romney's finally conceded . all is well .
romney finally called obama to concede
croatia may be winning but ireland got a long cox
ok so where are my boots ?
big banks waive fees in hurricane sandy aftermath : new york (reuters) - major u .s. banks , including bank of america corp ., jp morgan
big banks waive fees in hurricane sandy aftermath : new york (reuters) - major u .s. banks , includ
happy st patrick's day to everyone love team blink .
yardbarker : watch : patrick beverley dunks on chris bosh and birdman ..
mumford and sons play new song at sxsw world premiere of big easy express : the band played 'where are you now ' f
de nme mumford and sons play new song at sxsw world premiere of big easy express : the band played 'where are you
hello people are missing and or are dead in nepal are we gonna forget about them or what
there should be a live screening of the events happening in nepal in baltimore to show those people what a real problem is
come on indiana ! lets do this again ! obama !
that's because zero republicans voted in 2008 . it's true . obama won by 100 %.
thank you for all of your hard work we really are so grateful to have such good leaders .
governor corbett has extended absentee ballot deadline in counties with sandy closures til monday at 5 :00pm. absentee request by 5 :00 today
6 detained in brussels raids linked to terror attacks well , ok
6 detained in brussels raids linked to terror attacks : with at least one brussels attacker at larg
imagine a pro-business government . imagine millions of unemployed americans with jobs . imagine real energy . imagine pr
people really want obama to turn the usa around in 4 yrs when bush had 8 years to fuck it up . gtfoh .
nigerian government embraced this ebola virus into the country with they arms wide open .
texas doc comes down with ebola . that's next on
uza wishes you a happy st . patrick's day ! be safe and have a good one ! uza is green !
happy st . patrick's day fans ! let's hope o'girardi and co . have something special in store for 2014 .
hurricane sandy update : obama declares state of emergency , transit shutting down , starbucks closed
these hurricane sandy jokes really aren't funny at all ..
england need to give more pressure !
quite glad of an equaliser , means england can't sit on their arses for the next 50 minutes .
7.3 m earthquake rocks nepal at least 19 people were killed tuesday and 981 have been injured after a major earthquake struck nepal
a 7.3 earthquake hit nepal today . we are trying to contact the orphanage . please keep nepal in your thoughts prayers .
newromantixcs : heart goes out to paris ,
tugbabulutt : heart goes out to paris ,
reuters - australian police say three dead , four hurt in sydney siege : sydney (reuters) - three people are dea
australian police say three dead , four hurt in sydney siege : sydney (reuters) - three people are dead af
, but before sharing that photo of your marked ballot online , know it's prohibited in 34 states .
nyers displaced by can vote at any polling site . find your site at or text nycvotes to 877 -877
i spend 90 % of my workday in a cms , been looking forward o this presentation !
hearing from startup guru steve blank .
coverage of hurricane patricia was not overblown , likely life-saving : we watched the a
coverage of hurricane patricia was not overblown , likely life-saving : we w
new york , i think austin says fuck you to you and your sold out shows on behalf of me and everyone .
you're going to sxsw in austin ?!! lucky !
i now read families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to the crash sit
families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to the c
with tomorrow being st . patrick's day and unfortunately a monday , i think we should start earlylike today !
i really just don't think people know st patricks day is monday
i liked a video from anxious teff u deff hurricane sandy official music video
thanks to hurricane sandy worst halloween stupid cunt
am i seriously the only one that just doesn't care about st . patrick's day ?
happy st patrick's day to my american friends . i can't work out if you're more proud of being american or irish .
the most nerve wrecking moment in all of sports . mental strength is what counts here more than anything
casillas v ronaldo o_o will be interesting
i keep seeing sxsw what the heck is that ?!? someone fill me in pleaseeee ! lol
nap time for the cherubs and we're not in the van ! couch =
take notice you have been by in this first half
half-time : germany-italy 0 -2. balotelli (2) , seems ita wuld strike on esp on sunday
top chinese leaders deplore lahore bombing | etribune ,lifestyle
top chinese leaders deplore lahore bombing | etribune , sports
i'm rooting for the this . i'm also hoping for heads during the coin toss to get a free pizza from
so called analyst and players all hate letting hatred waver the truth !
amazingly easy irish soda bread
so looking forward to bringing part 2 of our impact one series . gona be speaking on the story of patrick . church
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vmyrpz30zl
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pag4x7czld
obama's economy is driving well , considering the hand brake is on via
no , wat i mean is no self respecting woman , black or white , should ever vote romney /paul
after major nepal earthquake , himalayas drop several feetmoving a mountain is considered about as possible as
after major nepal earthquake , himalayas drop several feet : moving a mountain is considered about
[bbc-africa] ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who fled to liberia from ret
ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who fled t
angie unni !!! how are you doing with the hurricane !? did you lose power ??
mitt romney avoids fema questions 14 times after hurricane sandy (video) - now this i
your website is down just now . is it last-minute sabotage ? d :
hey rory , hows that hands across the border thing coming along oh , its not
and the joplin _tornado_ killed that many people in a fraction of the area sandy hit .
good to know that nyc cancelled the marathon . now more attention can be given to the survivors of hurricane sandy !
happy st . patrick's day to all our irish (and irish-by-association ) friends ! :)
happy st . patrick's day . i got some irish in me somewhere
happy st . patrick's day ! the irish are known as champs of the poor and downtrodden . don't know what happened to
happy st . patrick's day ! be sure to wear your green on the tennis courts today .
imagine being angered by english people that care about st patrick's day more than st george's day . patriotism is irrelevant .
dtn italy : st patrick's day parade starts : some 80,000 people are expected to take part in birmingham's st pat
opportunity to show islam in bad light forgetting that 2 nd most muslim populous country is india
the minority does not represent the majority no matter how appalling the act . thoughts with all affected
toasters next . lol . they missed their physics lesson in eu school
no not really , people like change and bourbon is a better drink ! nothing at all to do with being in the eu !
the independent - what is ebola and how is it spread ?: the ebola outbreak in west africa has killed 467 people
independent : what is ebola and how is it spread ?
continuing to pray for those affected by this destructive storm on the east coast .
94 km /h wind gust in and 17 ft waves now crashing on the south shore of lake huron .
are we immigrating syrian refugees or terrorist ?#refugeeswelcome
with our candles lit to remember all the people displaced by conflict
i didn't even know there was a hurricane coming o .o
it was in sep 89 '. i was in the navy . rode the hurricane out on my tugboat . few things cooler than the eye of a hurricane .
[breaking] sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies : sheik umar khan becomes second specialist to die , as wes
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies : sheik umar khan becomes second specialist to die , as west afr
wishing i didn't forget the umbrella at the hotel .
yeah i know we need the rain , but i also need my teepee . it's gonna flood like a sunnabitch .
36 % of left-handed jews in ohio projected to vote fir either obama or romney
there's still time to vote , people !
anyone i know at wanna buy me a l nike fuelband from the booth ? :-)
homeless hotspots idea at sxsw draws mega-criticism
well played , well i'll be at sxsw tomorrow or i guess it's today now but yeah not really sure where i was going with that
if i could sum up sxsw
brussels airport blasts sow confusion , fear among travelers : the wailing of sirens was all t
(voa) brussels airport blasts sow confusion , fear among travelers
praying for our brothers , sisters , elders and children in nepal . devastating news .
my heart is with my brothers and sisters in nepal right now .
need some inspiration for st . patrick's day ? try this !
apparently , today is st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day !!! be careful if you're going out tonight enjoy yourself .
oh ! by the way , happy st . patrick's day !! :) :)
happy st . patrick's day from everyday blues !
happy st patrick's day everyone ! we hope you are all having a great day :)
video : 'i had to run over dead bodies ': paris attacks survivor recalls the seconds he got to ff
video : 'i had to run over dead bodies ': paris attacks survivor recalls the seconds he got to escape the
with several missing , hurricane sandy's death toll on staten island may still rise : numerous borou
for those who have a giving heart - beware of that may spring up in the name of hurricane sandy (video)
liberian who died of ebola virus in lagos cremated : the body of the first victim of ebola virus disea
liberian who died of ebola virus in lagos cremated : the body of the first victim of ebola virus dise
in the aftermath of hurricane sandy , i wonder how many storm ravaged communities will turn away hard-working undocumented immigrants ?
damage in new jersey following sandy
well we're canceled cause of hurricane sandy ,
i'm pretty excited about this hurricane , i'm just not prepared .
netherlands 0 - 1 denmark , wow really
well i feel rather silly in my orange outfit now . i was convinced holland would win this one .
st . patrick wasn't even a saint nor was he of irish decent
thx showing we irish eat more than cabbage st . patrick's day :
this hurricane aint doinq shyt to upstate
the hell you get snow i get a hurricane
happy st . patrick's day chicago dj's
happy st patricks day woot woot !
need rescue teams here in bhaktapur , suryamadhi area , need to move lots of debris , plz try to be there
search-and-rescue team heads to to help earthquake victims
happy st . patrick's day to you from here are 17 things that turn green for the holiday via
happy st .patrick's day from your number 1 irish xoxo
reuters top news brussels bomber brothers were on u .s. watch lists before attack : sources
brussels bomber brothers were on u .s. watch lists before attack : sources : washington (reuters) - two brothers
any pics from sunset beach ??? wondering if shops at sunset beach handled sandy ??/
i think this is one for the mythbusters : can you stop a hurricane by nuking it ?
happy st . patrick's day ! i think that this song is an apt one today .
my favorite holiday . happy st . patrick's day !
residents of experience today as israel attacks [graphic video ]
sirens go off in '48. bombs go off in gaza . the latter actually kills .
question : why aren't a million + muslims protesting in the street en - mass against the paris attackers ? just askin '
all these people 'praying' for paris , lebanon , baghdad etc .. yet you've never prayed a day in your life . liars .
things you might not of known about st . patrick's day
we don't even where green any more on st . patricks day
couple dies after hit by tree during dogwalk in brooklyn , dog stays by their side all night
the hurricane may be over , but some storm specials remain . here are a few place to find ha
sandy's timing is really unfortunate for the u .s. auto industry .
some rock and roll on large cruise ship hit by sandy
book these terrorists . only then condemn paris or other govnt . can u ?
how many who died in paris wr actually muslims ? y shud other life n property suffer in the incidents of infighting ?
eur shorts dominate play : market focus stateside will be on hurricane sandy and not on trading books . with
eur shorts dominate play : market focus stateside will be on hurricane sandy and not on trading books . with sa $$
wow im blocking every person i see trolling about paris
prayers for paris unbelievable sadness tonight as they continue to endure pain , fear , confusion and chaos .
seen this ? who has their st . patrick's day t-shirt on today ?
thanks love you happy st . patrick s day
theres already floods and sandy isnt even here yet
hahahahah some person made a hurricane sandy twitter .
i'm going to bring positive change to miami like obama is going to bring positive changes to america
if mitt romney presented himself through the entire campaign as he did in his concession speech , he may have had a solid chance .
these young ambitious courageous people could energise scotland
maybe a start could be made with all the second homes , fully furnished and standing empty most of the time
game on . there's gotta be some deep rooted hatred between these two .
russia step your game up !
sandy hook , nj tide gauge is already showing a 2 ft surge . is still 500 miles away .
did you hear about hurricane sandy ? i'm so worried about the damage she's gonna do . heard on cnn its gonna be a bad one :(
resource for path of hurricane sandy , alerts , shelters , traffic , etc . handy even for buffalo which might get direct hit
hurricane sandy contributes to long lines for early voting
our thoughts and prayers are with the plane crash victims ' families and loved ones
thoughts and prayers with families and loved ones of airline today .
[army] more than 7,400 national guard members respond to hurricane sandy : more than 7,400 citizen-soldiers and c
how sandy could break records
if can donate why don't we ?pm relief fund for nepal .link : rt pls
text the word nepal to 20222 to donate 10 dollars to earthquake relief in nepal . thousands of people are hurt and we need your help . rt
to do list in ktm , give blood , help authorities , collect relief . want guidance ? come to hospital help desk share
group of 6 school students including my son r under care of ind army , at ktm airport , will be on way to india . jai jawan
i am happy about obama
i hope i'm wrong about the direction obama is taking us . i hope that in 20 years i can look back and not say i told you so .
so governor of missouri just issued a state of emergency and curfew for
so odd didnt announce the hours of his own curfew in
letterman , fallon host late-night shows during hurricane with no
letterman , fallon host late-night shows during hurricane with no audience : david
the great betrayal and the cynicism of calling it a grand bargain . will obama unravel the safety net ? via
give it up 2 x for obama cuz he got ours .
clueless at sxsw will be our video this year . i think it may be our best one . editing it later today .
driving east through southern california for the first time - seeing some dinosaurs and some wind turbines . and lots of heat desert .
happy st . patrick's day to you aunty sharon
happy st . patrick's day to all of our lovely followers ! ^aj
top 'o' the morning to y'all ! happy st patricks day everybody have a good one ! x
happy st patrick's day thanks for taking lady to great courses through the year .
i'm most excited for faith hill !
when the come on .imma go to the gym !
prayers go out to everybody killed , injured or affected by the boston marathon bombing .
my prayers go out to the victims of today's boston's marathon bombing .
happy st . patricks day ! he's definitely my good luck charm !
best irish flag ever . happy st . patrick's day !
happy saint patrick's day panthernation !
happy st . patrick's day from weatherbug .
new york city marathon canceled amid hurricane sandy devastation , controversy : the new york city marathon has be
new york city marathon canceled amid hurricane sandy devastation , controversy : the new york city mara
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at lee lighting :)
happy st . patricks day !! see you at one of our five locations today !
agreed ! had a great tine at sxsw !
one day in my life i would like to go to sxsw
the best is yet to come , says a victorious obama
watch obama do his thing like normal , shower'd , now watching whats love got to do with it
hurricane sandy can't quench the thirst for these men out here !
in parting shot from sandy , microburst slams into wareham via
i ain't gon lie first time i heard about it i thought dey was talkin bout n da ,,,
who wants to guess how many questions obama is going to evade ?
album drops tmrw ! feat . interviews w /
did you see the giant vending machine come jacked up stage at sxsw to launch its new jacked range
sad . and angry . the soldier shot this morning in the attacks in and has died .
breaking : the soldier shot this morning in ottawa has died .
andy murray backing independence didn't see that coming in all honesty
i second that comment ..andy you the man ..#indyref
my thoughts go to all affected by . such a horrible stage humanity has come to (image by
thoughts are with all the victims in france ! my love goes out to all involved
update : hurricane sandy has affected our nph home in haiti - a tree fell on the house , vegetable gardens are
hope anyone in the usa that are in the predicted line of sandy is safe xx
you dumb lady ! it was like 26 /11 ..terrorists enter , made hostages and gunned down .
see my fb post on its more than 140 characters
happy st . patricks day to all of our fantastic followers !
happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy the lovely weather !
a huge , huge thankyou to all of you who donated . much love ba x'o
beautiful patan square in nepal is apparently ruined
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/pcteurmaya
sprinkles mcwoozy ! that's me ! happy st . patrick's day !
hurricane sandy , all these tsunamis . is the world seriously planning on ending this year like
new york feels hurricane sandy impact in its subways , bridges , tunnels
word of obama 11 :30a.m. et statement follows his overnight briefings and more updates on situation today .
prayer is an empty gesture . thinking about helping is not the same as helping .
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/xmxnp6csct
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/un5wohw074
if are drawn into this mess , surely there's somewhere
looters in allowed to swarm like locusts freely because but mostly because
germanwings say - we can neither confirm nor deny reports one pilot left the cockpit and wasn't able to get back in
says it will not participate in any kind of speculation . won't confirm or deny reports a pilot was locked out of the cockpit .
lets send some of these prayers to help out paris
what happened in paris was really horrible . my heart goes out to the family members of the ones who died and were hurt in the attack .
us news , analysis , video , social media , interactive features , coverage details and more here :
us news , analysis , video , social media , interactive features , coverage details (cont)
am very pleased that obama won .
what about u obama won !
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/a36j9neba9
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6gw721mptr
thinking about the election really does make me sick .. if president obama isn't reelected i'm going to done with america ..it's sickening
eveerybody on my tl hatin on my mans romney . if you romney !!
happy st . patrick's day ! may your day be filled with luck and .
happy st . patricks day ..all you drunken creeps !
these hurricane sandy tweets are mad funny .: //t.co/0yzh3i3u
really sandy ? that's all ya got ??
varela !!! group b is wide open ..
varela has only scored 3 times all season long for porto
: 10 dead in shooting at headquarters of french satirical weekly charlie hebdo , witnesses
: 10 dead in shooting at headquarters of french satirical weekly - french media citing witnesses .
thank you god , thank you spain . so proud of you
spain , beat team ever . pirlo overrated , iniesta best player of the tournament ! well done torresss aswell
especially when you live in paris .
sorry western msm u avoid mentioning that there were v v well trained killers at paris - prob from some of yr own agencies 2 get u in syria
happy st patrick's day everybody !! hope you all have a great day :)
happy st . patrick's day harry ! can you please follow me to make my day better ?
news corp . donates $1 million to help sandy victims in ny and nj : ensconced safely in midtown , news corp . wasn't
news corp . donates $1 million to help sandy victims in ny and nj : ensconced safely in midtown cray tweets update
i definitely need non-pooping baby , a nicer dmv , and skinny rain .. i don't even know what
there's something seriously wrong in the fact that all people have uploaded to youtube so far is madonna's so-called 'fall'.
hey justin , i know you see this . but im in the middle of hurricane sandy , and would really like a follow /tweet. im scared . xxx
hurricane sandy makes whirlwind campaigns even more turbulent via
because of hurricane sandy and because this crazy deal is crazy popular , we are extending this offer until
prayers for everyone who's being affected by sandy :( god bless x
why don't we celebrate st georges ' day but we go crazy for st patricks ' day ?
wonder what kind of blarney will spew on this st . patrick's day .
[world] sandy grounds thousands of flights worldwide : thousands of flights to and from the east coast of the uni
sandy grounds thousands of flights worldwide : thousands of flights to and from the east coast of
well done you must have the record for being the last person who voted in this
appropriate name ! best of luck to you in
earthquake in nepal relief fund via
make a donation in to help the people of nepal :)
a germanwings plane with 150 people aboard has crashed in the french alps via
video - germanwings ceo confirms two babies were aboard crashed jetliner
my new jersey tweeps still offline due to that bitch
news : pics of hurricane sandy , fake or real ?: fake photos of sandy flood social media . no matter what part of t
sandy please let me not have work tomorrow i want that gift
i predict a spike in child births 9 months from now on the east coast
if rehires , we can officially consider ourselves the most naive , uninformed in the world .#votemittromney
why is your governor supporting obama ? is there something wrong with him ; does he owe a favor or is he just stupid ?
no classes until monday ! - only positive thing hurricane sandy has done
great picture via weather underground showing the wicked waves on lake michigan today
germanwings flight 9525 crashes into french alps , 150 on board
grief consumes german town after flight 9525 crash
its really saddens me that americans have lost sight of what america is supposed to be . we can't afford 4 more years of obama .
? well i'm glad to see americans like not having jobs
my brother is giving a full on commentary
shows how limited our squad is , where the hell is carrick or scholes , ridiculous
go green for st . patricks day !
why is st . patricks day even a thing ?
drinking with the wife and watching the election on tv and the laptop #
nh called for obama , o has 157, r has 153 .
retweeted usa today photos : the world reacts to the paris attacks with prayer , patrols
it's not paris that has been attacked but humanity .
tryna take away birth control shit for fucking what romney i just wanna why you wanna go do that ?
very right ! u do get a receipt and btw evm's had glitch today in the usa . for voting romney , vote
horrified to hear the details of the crash this morning . prayers are with the families of all those involved .
thoughts are with the families of those affected by the disaster .
my heart goes out to the people and families involved in today's events in ottawa xx .
ottawa shooting raw coverage all photos by paul lauzon copyright .myglobalunderstandingfiles.blogspot.ca
cud dis hurricane b da beginnin of things to come
changed my hong kong flight to get out of here before the hurricane hits nyc . maybe that's why my har-tech calls me 'hurricane hank '
no striker in spain starting line-up . boon or bane ?? hv managed to create enough chances but every 1 is so short
i'll take that kind of a first half from the azzurri .
happy st patrick's day :don't forget to wear your green today !
happy st . patrick s day to all horan family xx
happy st patricks day ! stay safe and be lucky !
happy st patrick's day to you tooooooook now follow me
thundrestorms : heart goes out to paris ,
cbdstyles : heart goes out to paris ,
wall street prepares to work from home as sandy approaches : employees at many financi .com
wall street prepares to work from home as sandy approaches
if you or anybody you know are stranded in paris tonight use strangers helping strangers .
i wish i could help everyone in paris right now but all i can do is pray hope
happy st . patrick's day !! it's going to rock !!
now that i'm over being hacked , happy st patrick's day :)
president obama and the first family are on stage right now . what a gorgeous family !
arwwww obama his family look perfect !
tech sydney siege brings uber criticism by
sydney siege brings uber criticism [sale ]
maine's st . patrick's celebration lasts a week . they'll have a parade , movies , a shamrock bowl and pretty
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at maria's hallmark !
breaking : three bodies found with wreckage of u .s. marine helicopter in nepal , says nepal's defense ministry
three bodies found with wreckage of u .s. marine helicopter in nepal , says nepal's defense ministry
turkish police detain suspected islamic state scout in paris attacks : report : counter-terroris
yahoo news : turkish police detain suspected islamic state scout in paris attacks : report
happy st . patricks day everyone ! especially to
we're already well into it at happy st . patricks day !
fuck you sandy , i want to hear new song .
praying for those affected by hurricane sandy . hang in there .
prayers and thoughts with ottawa , all my friends and family there please stay safe and away from downtown
thoughts and prayers go out to ottawa for what happened this morning
do you need to be irish to celebrate st . patrick's day ?
i am going to celebrate saint patricks day by getting drunk all by myself
at the moment , romney is at 158 votes obama is at 147 votes
romney wins all 5 electoral votes in nebraska .
only ronaldo changes his hair style at half time
c'mon , let's have a bit of ronaldo magic . must say though , his hair is fab :p
cnn money : sandy's cost to economy : up to $50 billion
sandy's cost to economy : up to $50 billion
explosions near boston marathon finish line in copley square (live blog video )
a bombing at the boston marathon today , scary !
donnell white speaks about coleman young creating a police commissioner board ..something doesn't have yet .
sf cares for ? mariaunder the influence simpsons
brussels airport closed until at least tuesday
brussels airport closed until at least tuesday : brussels airport officials say
finally , for a second i thought nobles was going to make us go to school tomorrow . thank you sandy for a long weekend .
sandy gone kill us . *dramatic vouce * we gon die lord !!
yes , it worked . basically its over obama can not lose now .
karl rove causes fox news chaos by challenging obama victory projection on-air (video)
match preview : spain vs italy ; spanish up for the italian job : preview : spain begin their journey to c
match preview : spain vs italy ; spanish up for the italian job : preview : spain begin their journ
wish i was with oomf during hurricane sandy
what category is hurricane sandy ??? anyone know ?
food dude kevin roberts serves up some of his irish favorities for your st . patrick's day celebratio
a drawing made of me for st . patrick's day has over 2,000 fb likes . i feel famous .
happy st . patrick's day from canine cupcakes !!!!!!!
love is sweet oh yeah and happy st .patricks day
(#houston_0998) eerie photos from brussels airport reveal aftermath of attacks : the photos rev (#houston_0998)
eerie photos from brussels airport reveal aftermath of attacks : the photos reveal destroyed ceil
are you here at sxsw ? what r u up to ?
at sxsw , startups make the scene : usa today asked seven entrepreneurs to deliver their 'elevator pitches ' for ou
this is how you weather a hurricane . with laurenhenry
no hurricane deductibles for sandy claims in new jersey , maryland
i almost forgot about it being st .patricks day .
st . patrick's day is something to think about , not drink about .
jackson and sharpton do not help the racial tension and they know this . they want chaos because it keeps them in power !
ferguson /florissant schools will be closed tomorrow ; the 1 st day of school has been postponed again for safety reasons .
glad obama won ! romney would have had blacks and latinos in chains on some new age slave trade ish
s /o to president obama , you deserve it !!
happy st . patrick's day ! (chad is wearing green pants )
st patricks day is nothing to me lol . we have school
i thought obama has won already
im waiting for his excellency rg mugabe'speech on obama'victory
have you notice whenever you talk to someone who supports mitt romney they can never give you a clear reason why . # i love my president !!!
instead of helping romney , why doesnt clint eastwood just run for president ?
one thing made clear workshops . . . if you don't want to take a shot of dick in the mouth from the studios , you got to self promote .
twitter /soundtracking night party ! hurrah at the jones center w / 63 others )
update : at least 13 people killed in explosions at brussels airport , subway station : via
at least 13 people killed in explosions at airport , subway station , belgian media report
im so jealous ,next halloween i want a boyfriend so we can go together as danny and sandy
can i get a refill before sandy comes
perhaps the hk government is playing dirty ? attackers do not look like normal civilian
piece on al-jazeera together with how some ordinary hongkongers are loosing patience .
favorite st . patrick's day recipes
am i the only one that could care less about st . patrick's day ?
eva longoria and kary perry are for barack obama !! yeah !!!!
twitter is so much better than tv .
isn't affecting us , just the constant rain here . thank god . i pray for all those stuck in the terrible storm area
president obama cancels a planned campaign stop in florida to return to washington due to hurricane :
sick of hurricane news ? the nba is kicking off the new season tonight ! you can replace hockey with basketball !
de grote impact van sandy op de nyc marathon . rt : new york marathon officials determining how to proceed
let's celebrate st . patrick's day with our two favorite irishmen
your chance of finding a four-leaf clover ? 1 in 10,000 ! happy st . patrick's day !
hurricane sandy : this is to all our friends in the east coast of america , would like to ext
our generation has seen some crazy shit ..9/11, hurricane irene and sandy , osama bin laden , jersey shore
nigeria : - ex-senate president illegally operates secret companies in tax haven : [pr - allafrica
--- nigeria : - ex-senate president illegally operates secret companies in tax
lincoln report (extensive damage reported after 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes nepal )
extensive damage reported after 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes nepal -
oh mitt i bet you wish you had that burger with now
turnt up headin to work still high off the win we got last night
cech has just had what people call a nightmare
greece never give up !!.. game on
hurricane ? my phone says it's supposed to be sunny . uhh .
i'll definitely be praying about this hurricane ..
coco austin turns hurricane sandy weather forecast into boob show
rbo news : coco austin turns hurricane sandy weather forecast into boob show
lines at my polling station were nil . easy and quick !
at my polling place , not having a photo id was not a problem . just had to verify my address was right .
counting the cost of hurricane sandy | united church of god via
our prayers go out to everyone affected by sandy .
this is the most overlooked way to get press at sxsw
this is the most overlooked way to get press at sxsw - follow
'very ugly ': 32 million in philippines in path of typhoon hagupit
32 m in path of 'ugly' typhoon hagupit
crazy scenes in sydney right now . someone seriously injured and being treated on street outside cafe . police going in
omg shooting at the sydney cafe what
it is done . i'll follow back in like a month or so when the debates about how romney /obama won
i think romney has this election .
yo we were suppose to link but thanks to sandy tramp ass . gotta check u next summa pop
hurricane sandy page still ? wow
i get a strong impression that bill doesn't want obama to win .
president obama , today is the day . please , please , win this election . all of the middle class will go down the rabbit hole if romney wins !
rip to the beautiful little eight year old girl who died in the explosion in boston yesterday
i challenge everyone to donate blood in the name of combating terrorism to turn yesterday's tragedy in boston to something positive
idc abot hurricane sandy just play little things
theyre talking about hurricane sandy , omfg idec right now , just hurry up and play little things so i can die happily
it is for romney . is it too late to run for president ?
obama neck-and-neck with romney on the eve of election day - nasdaq
was scott pelley the most boring hurricane coverage guy ever ? and why not just air hawaii 5 -0? seriously there were 6 hurricane channels .
dock ur doin ' it wrong too i can't walk on you !
no one will want to move to canada because canada is run the way obama wants america to be
obama re-elected and desperate housewives on my tv tonight what a beautifull day !!! thank u america !
happy st . patrick's day ! we're either wearing green or getting pinched today !
24 years . . . happy st . patrick's day !
video : africa collaborates to tackle ebola - health ministers from west african countries have adopted a c
now - video : africa collaborates to tackle ebola
sure took lots of people in the situation rm during sandy to declare disaster areas ok release of fed $, which is basically all pres does .
i've got a full house of 21 people because of the hurricane .i love what i docraziness !
news ea | liberia : re-examining the fight against ebola : [new dawn ]health workers at the front of the battle a
liberia : re-examining the fight against ebola : [new dawn ]health workers at
this should be president obama's theme song when he wins the election tomorrow ! go the distance
piers , in sports terms , you're a jock sniffer . great obama retirement pic , though .
may allah protect all the innocent people in the world . from and all the way to .
you really can't trust anyone anymore . people are so crazy now a days .
nsw has apparently confirmed is over . waiting to hear result in terms of casualties . at least 10 hostages got out safely .
terrorism has religion . terrorists r mostly mulims !
happy st . patrick's day .you're my lucky charm
okay it's saint patricks day i need somewhere to be
hurricane sandy can't stop me ! always on duty , hooyah med van !
fuck off hurricane sandy you ruined my day already !!
you forget romney and his binders of women already ? he's got it on lockdown .
about to head out to the romney rally !!!
happy st patrick's day from vpc !
happy st . patrick's day from my crazy ones
hurricane sandy can kiss my idgafucking ass .
jersey is in a state of an emergency . hurricane sandy , my body is ready
shocked by the news of germanwings passenger plane crash in . our thoughts are with the families and friends of those aboard .
unutterably sad . deepest sympathy goes out to people at airport who came to pick up their friendsfamily who travelled
abc reports mitt romney has called president obama and conceded the presidential race .
confirmed on msnbc ! mitt romney called president obama to concede !
nepal earthquake : officials tell people to evacuate damaged buildings : officials with bullhorns walk
people who are miles away from nepal and marking themselves safe on facebook needs to take their phones and shove them up their fucking ass
wtf is obama doing back there ? taking a #2 or what .
i hope to god you truly don't support obama .
is good ? weapons manufacturers soar after paris attacks
paris attacks : watch explosive 3 -hour gun battle between french police and cornered terrorists ..
french prime minister seeks to expand surveillance powers after paris attacks : french prime mini via
french prime minister seeks to expand surveillance powers after paris attacks : french prim
paris would have said the same thing three days ago .
empathy ,applied incorrectly , is deadly . paristerrorist was rescued from 'refugee' boat
why would any decent human being ever defend shooting an unarmed person , on their knees , for any reason ?
dr baden confirmed that was not shooting to wound or stop . because he did . sadly then kept shooting
happy saint patricks day . i hope patted all the ricks you know
still can't believe today's st . patricks day
.sandy go it snowing nd erthng o_o
sandy is just a bitch ass nigga that just talks shit and doesnt do anything .
in light of the recent mass murder at headquarters of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo in paris , here is m
at least 12 killed in shooting at french satirical magazine , charlie hebdo
norad response could include combat air patrols over ottawa , says
thoughts and prayers go out to our friends , family and colleagues in ottawa and across canada this morning .
happy st patrick's day everyone !see irish dancing bears .
happy st . patrick's day ! hope it's a great one .
is anyone available to volunteer at the pools for the campaign on tuesday nov . 6 call (540) 785 -8960
mitt political ads on tv interesting . at least his staff have discovered women are the swing vote . he don'tgive a shit , just wants the vote
the gun battle between paris police and suspects during 7 -hour raid : early on nov . 18 morning , a police raid t
the gun battle between paris police and suspects during 7 -hour raid : early on nov . 18 morning , a pol
i'm so sorry to hear about sydney :(
moving photos of solidarity coming from sydney today
fazzledown : can you feel it ? final final words
my 3 undecided's all declared for overnight . what a day this is !
happy st . patrick's day !i'm going to pinch you !
what's everyone got going on this fine monday ? i am working on a wallet . happy st patrick's day
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eanqw9qoti
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bbuxgkpfmg
crosskix team send our thoughts prayers to the victims families affected by such a heinous , cowardly act in boston
officials : three dead after explosions go off near boston marathon finish line : at least three people are dead
t-mobile , att enter temporary roaming agreement for sandy victims : hurricane sandy shook a lot of things up on
t-mobile , att enter temporary roaming agreement for sandy victims : hurricane sandy shook a lot of
i swear all you people hating cause obama won just admit your racist you really think a mormon was a better choice that's a cult
i'm not convinced we ever saw the 'real' mitt romney at all during this election campaign , or if such a creature exists .
: nato allies grapple with appropriate response to paris attacks : steve inskeep ta via
nato allies grapple with appropriate response to paris attacks : steve inskeep talks to mary beth long , former
by a show of rt how many of yall still gs off yall hurricane stash money ?
# in catastrophe bonds unbowed by hurricane sandy : investors who have put their money into specialist financial
it's saint patricks day we should have no school !!
happy saint patricks day from the italians
pub to watch the football after work but i'm finding it difficult to muster any interest in
poland vs greece at 6 pmfew hours left
from : why ip law still matters in a social media age : at a recent south by southwest interactive festival
via from : why ip law still matters in a social media age : at a recent south by southwest inter
sandy .power plant explodes in new york .: via
i followed long before you became the sandy news source and i will be here after !!
happy st . patrick's day . have a drink for me .
happy st patrick's day ! check out to see the world turning green !
romney : has no clear plan to end the war in afghanistan , and has left the door wide open to extending the war past 2014
i wonder why mitt romney wants to cut funds for planned parenthood ,
one of the most powerful photos from last night via ap : medical workers patient ; nyu hospital evacuation
our prayers and wishes are for everyone in the path of sandy i know what it is like and am sure many of them
new story : new fears about ebola spread after plane scare
new fears about ebola spread after plane scare via mashable
a nice easy 3 hours at work to get through today before the big game tonight !
chris moyles doing 'alternative' commentary for the game tonight . i'd rather boil my head in a homeless persons piss
what i gotta say about hurricane sandy
whats going on with this hurricane sandy thing ?
round up of sxsw accelerator presented by microsoft bizspark
for me . in austin for my assistant , mandy . where would you like to be /where are you for your ?
are you safe bruce ? thinking of you and all affected by
if you can dodge a wrench , you can dodge a hurricane .
how you enjoying sxsw ? will you cry on the flight home ? i do
catching the end of guards set . sorry to cmj , but they sound way better at .
marines killed in disaster relief mission in nepal identified : lance cpl . jacob a . hug , a combat videographer ,
did your mate turn up in nepal ?
peshawar and sydney once again remind us that the taliban is not religious and they don't belong to a country . they are an enemy of humanity
taking hostage = holding somebody else's life under threat , because your own just has no value .
updated : sandy : airline-by-airline list of weather waivers
hoping causes some much needed news distraction and probably hoping goes off air for a couple of days
eduardo should have started for croatia .
2 matches of , nadal leading djokovic , hamilton winning the grand prix and best of all tino best's innings .
our thoughts and best wishes goes to all affected by the boston explosions !
much love to those affected by the boston explosions xx
there's no need to buy a newspaper today if you want to read about obama'a victory . it's all about online and twitter .
it's late trying to concentrate on speech but staring at
see what else has to offer beyond music , film , and interactive festivals .
we've been really lucky in finding parking for . weird .
a list of potentially things that police in are doing
what an ignorant thing to say about a community that just lost an unarmed 18 year old to the police
peaceful post-its 3 m as resignation deadline lapses , peaceful protests carry on in
as resignation deadline lapses , peaceful carry on in hong kong
stay on line , we shall overcome !
the ice map is doing nothing but reminding me that i miss hockey .
let's go italy 2 -nil bitches !
wow , another terrific save by buffon !
- please stop the war in . discontinue the protect your citizens !
, yes . goes to the victor . the question is who will have peace , us or them .
hi thanks for sharing our infographic ! happy st .patrick's day !
i didn't even know it was saint patrick's day until i got to school , good thing my shirt has green on it .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cmnu0bpfyz
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/r3x7gnfcy5
for those following the ebola outbreak ~ take notes
ebola death toll now 518 : who via
this nepal earthquake video is impressing . via
nepal earthquake survivor survived trapped underneath corrugated asbestos cement sheet
'diversity float ' will be part of st . patrick's day parade - boston globe : boston globe'divers
'diversity float ' will be part of st . patrick's day parade - boston globe : boston globe'diversity float ' will
tv shows scary stuff for ratings immediately following , but not what ppl have to cope w 3 -24 mths after major hurricane .
weather people are crazy as hell . standing outside during a god damn hurricane .
happy st . patrick's day ! some cute ideas for a wedding or even st . patrick's day party !
happy st . patrick's day . it looks too perfect to drink . but i'm gonna anyway .
why are people that live in norfolk marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquakes
why are people marking themselves as safe from the nepal earthquake when they are in england ?
people interviewed are saying it took 10 days last time to get the government to resign . we will do it again
the secret dealings of middle east leaders exposed by leak
happy st . patrick's day from all the wire fox terriers !
from us at happy st . patrick's day . wear green today , but be green all year long !
happy st patrick's day ! how lucky are you ?
happy st . patrick's day from giuseppe's pizza
joking about a hurricane killing people is seriously like joking about terrorist attacks .
in addition to cancelling appearance at fl campaign event today , pres . obama has just cancelled appearance at tuesday wi event
the robloxian republic of cuba is very saddened by the tragic events in real life paris yesterday .
as you're slated to travel to soon , it's bound to have a strong effect on you .
, don't know who is the biggest blow ahrd , sandy or mitt
i wonder if sandy can let it rain and clear it out
ebola toll jumps to 467 as ministers mull response : geneva (reuters) - the number of deaths attri
ebola toll jumps to 467 as ministers mull response : geneva (reuters) - the number of deaths attributed to an
far from the style of the azzuri of old . still going for goals when 1 -0, 2 -0 up ? that's almost un-italian , but who's to complain ?
buffon = mike tyson - that was a mighty right hook , hate to be that ball
rt : (ap) - united states issues travel warning for three african countries hit by ebola outbreak .
u .s. issues travel warning for 3 african countries hit by ebola outbreak : ap - united states issues
| hostage taken and shots fired northeast of paris in hunt for suspects | -
hostage taken and shots fired northeast of paris in hunt for suspects : the search for two suspects who attacke
sydney siege : who were the 'hero' victims ?: find out more about the top lawyer and globe-trotting cafe boss wh
news reports sydney siege : who were the 'hero' victims ?: find out more about the top lawyer and globe-tro
fuck this hurricane bullshit . fuck sandy . fuck new jersey right now . fuck fuck fuck .
i woke up to some horrific news this morning . my best friend's uncle became the second canadian to die as a result of hurricane sandy
ppp says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm
qqq says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm
what if chad johnson scored the game-winning touchdown for the ? how nuts would that be ?
wish i was at a sports bar in the city or in new york right now watching the with supporters
thanks to everyone who came to our panel this week !
love the focus on local community connections ! at , unites business , nonprofits , volunteers in 1 app :
army : all 8 bodies found at crashed us marine chopper
new : nepal army : all 8 bodies found at crashed us marine chopper
mass chaos at work . damn you hurricane .
my mom is doin the most for this hurricane .
germanwings crash cannot be explained by plane's age : experts : the air disaster in the french alps cannot be e
rss : pilot panic : germanwings crews refuse to fly
hurricane sandy wadup how u doin !1!1 so i heard dat u comin to my county !!1 just dont kill anyone pls and we'll be good or ill fuck u up !!!
hurricane sandy bet not f **k with south carolina ..
prayers and thoughts go out to everyone in paris . just horrible .
my heart goes out to japan and paris for their recent tragedies . my mind cannot grasp how much damage physically /emotionally has happened .
: pictures : one of the worst earthquakes in decades occurs in nepal , over via
pictures : one of the worst earthquakes in decades occurs in nepal , over 1, ff
when malik get older and i see obama in his history books ima tell him the story of what happen lastnight !!
good morning world an salute to obama
st . patrick's day booth by darin kim
stop by today for some st . patrick's day goodies ! *while supplies last .#weloveourresidents
are you ok ?? i know you're in paris right now please tell me you're ok ?!!
prime minister john key's daughter , stephie , is understood to be in paris where she is studying art
we are still on for the bbq event . we hope everyone stays safe and uses good judgement when hurricane sandy hits !
really hoping this storm /hurricane just disolves and stops . i am worried as can be .
can't freaking believe obama won .
well , my sister is convinced now that obama was elected again , that we are in the end timesis she right ??? all i know is , we are fucked !
he must have voted for romney lol
okay so i was wrong wins by 62 % whoops ! ah well . seems like are the only ones really shocked .
isis video calls for jihad after brussels blasts : isis released a video on social media today calling on its f
isis video calls for jihad after brussels blasts : isis released a video on social media today calling on
when americans call st . patrick's day , st . patty's day for short . no . just no . it's st . paddy's day .
okay to everyone who thinks it's st . patricks day it's not . it's monday the 17 th .
if obama wins tomorrow it will make my whole day better .
obama is going to win . i can just feel it .
just saw the boston bombing video . i am absolutely shocked and sickened . rip to those who lost their lives .
as i mentioned earlier today , this has always been most amazing day to be in boston . such an energetic uplifting day . my heart is broken .
happy st . patricks day to all may you all bleed
night y'all happy st patrick's day !!!
first time i ever watched the with . should be interesting
glad to hear it's the year of the tight end
people take the whole st patricks day thing too seriously
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! may the luck of the be with you today and always !
besides sandy making breezes , today is so perfect
willis office closings oct 29 for hurricane : radnor , philadelphia , wilmington , mt .laurel, morriston , woodbridge , melville , nyc , norwalk
this made me laugh because i'm wearing one of those shirts tomorrow for st patricks day . but i am half irish lol
st . patrick's day extra savings at broward restaurants with
happy st . patrick's day . drunk with the white folks .
happy st . patrick's day , twitter land !!
what a joke !! michael brown , of 'heckuva job ' fame , says obama reacted too fast to hurricane sandy via
i will make a phone call to and just take me now !!!
yall i been outside lastnite when sandy first start
your friends at nbc news are wondering sandy's impact on 2012 election . your thoughts ?
egyptair plane diverted to cyprus in standoff with hijacker - washington post : washington postegyptair plane d
egyptair plane diverted to cyprus in standoff with hijacker via
part of me kind of hopes these gunmen in turn out to be militant atheists because that would really throw everyone for a loop .
calling the ottawa gay hoots to lockdown a reservation for tonight .
my predictions for todays games : poland 2 -0 greecerussia 2 -1 czech republic
predictions : poland 2 greece 0, russia 2 czech republic 1
: profile of a attendee - in honor of our own attendee
the changing culture of sxsw interactive (cnn) followme
hopefully we get a hurricane and it takes out all the people i hate .
tool - sober my zombie apocalypse song and hurricane on halloween song . epic image in head
it disappoints me that race supremacy groups are involved in this should not be a race war .
after , america still can't discuss race via
lol it would suck if the hurricane came while everybody out partying .. lol
this weds-hoff and g . saylor opposing coacheshci alumsin a hurricaneomens abound .
wish i wasn't at work , so that i could watch and see michael ballack get humbled . worst analyst ever .
anyone know why balotelli is wearing the three strips of tape on his back ? .
huffpost tech : anonymous premiers documentary at sxsw (video) via
seeing you in concert would probably make my whole sxsw worth it .
wake up to find out has won the election , happy days ! congrats from this side of the pond . at least it wasn't that tit romney !
yes we can obamaaaaaaa reeleito obama for your mama kkkk
only i would get sick on st . patricks day
baby spruce and st . patrick's day
mary j . blige joining sandy benefit concert : mary j . blige and hbo are joining nbc and its benefit conce
finally at a place with power here in sandy ravaged nyc and listening to last nights show . good work fella . love the jakwob jam
abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested last week in brus
hello : abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam
lahore suicide bomb attack's death toll rises to 72 : the death toll in the horrific taliban suicide bombing at
prepare for op-ed on lahore blast with reference to hindu extremism and inference that we will end up like them .
happy st patricks day horror fans !
happy st . patrick's day from carproof !
qui radio londra : 'we need help ': aid scarce in quake-hit nepal villages
shows western life 'more sacred '. here's ceo observation :
happy st . patrick's day ! have fun but more importantly stay safe out there tonight
st . patrick's day ? more like , i slept all day .
the city of lights !! may your light ever shine ! pour la gloire de la france !! paris
french amp ; german teams held in paris stadium after fatal attacks nearby ~via
happy st . patrick's day from prospect (via
happy st . patrick's day . considering a green beer today ? here's how it ' made :
ohhh !! ronaldo ..you screwed and denmark scored 2 -2
bendtner must have scored more in this game than he did for arsenal .
i'm a die hard yankee fan , but today my heart is with boston
my heart goes out to the poor victims and their families in boston .hopefully the bastards responsible will be found and punished quickly .
snow day on st patricks day might just be the greatest thing ever
to all celebrating this day : happy st . patrick's day . be safe .
i will forever hate st patricks day
st . patricks day party at flannagan's
boston is like my second home !! i'm glad my people are safe and praying for those families .
don't just pray for boston pray for all the crazy people in the world !
after sandy and before election polls . lol
didn't go to class because i thought i would be walking through a hurricane but i woke up and it's sunny outside
amidst all the chaos of , some really beautiful moments with old and new friends . thanks to everyone for supporting what we do .
what's your best moment this year ? |
i never beleived in , until i saw the flight path of hurricane sandy
so like i said before this hurricane wasn't shit
well , let's at least look at the positives of obama . oh , wait . there is none
congratulations mr .obama! celebration playlist coming up but for now -
happy st .patricks day miamol :3 xx
happy st . patrick's day , darling ! i love you so very much ! mwah !
great speech ! bruce rocks sxsw keynote address
video : bruce springsteen - sxsw - keynote address
nepal : chance of finding quake survivors 'extremely slim ' - a week after a 7.8 -magnitude earthquake killed thousan
nepal : chance of finding quake survivors 'extremely slim ' - top stories
happy st .patrick'sday lovelies ! have a fantastic day , and take 10 % off everything green w online orders today !
st . patrick's day ! got the shirt from spring break two years at . good time
back to work : the big issues congress and obama have to tackle next : with the 2012 election behin
back to work : the big issues congress and obama have to tackle next : with the 2012 election behind them , congres
us presidential rivals fight for swing-state votes on final day before htt
correcting twitter handles : fight for swing-state votes on final day before
obama : i know that emotions are raw right now in
obama : we lost a good man under tragic circumstances . he was 18 yo , his family will never hold him in their arms again .
so many trees surround my house . ?
if i see one hurricane tweet ill kill everyone shut the fuck up bitch
hopefully this storm sandy is not going down
sideshow : kim k . not afraid of sandy (the philadelphia inquirer ): share with friends : | | entertainment - cele
getting holly to do her homework is like trying to get the hurricane to stop moving along the east coast . xd
this hurricane will make me fat and lazy
are the paris terror attacks being over covered by the media ?
stay brave right now , palestine just lost a close ally in this attack on the political left in
happy st . patrick's day ! if you're at the waterloo campus and want to celebrate , veritas cafe is providing yummy irish goods today !
happy st . patrick's day , from one of the greenest places on earth ! enjoy this musical treat when in on
tonight you voted for action . we have got more work to do . obama speech
: i am more inspired than ever before .tonight you voted for action instead of politics .
early voting results point to obama lead . does that matter ? - christian science mo
vs : who's better for wall street ? | via
im pretty sure all those innocent children you bombed weren't part of the terrorist attack in paris
amazing interviews by anna maria with people on the streets of paris . great work
wtf does 'thriller' have to do with football ?
viva espana !!!not into football at all but soooo happy for spain !
zap 2 it : seaside heights destroyed by sandy but 'jersey shore ' house ok
seaside heights destroyed by sandy but 'jersey shore ' house ok : the coastal new jersey town of seaside heights w
if niall doesn't tweet happy saint patricks day i will be disappointed
why is patrick so fucking stupid
thinks everyone should get over the whole justin showed janet's boobthat way we can have a good half time show again !!!
they're on fireeeeeeeeee !!! take a bow ! ny giants champions eli could , brady couldn't .
mitt romney doesn't support fed funds for fema tries to turn oh political event into photo opp
we could do it together , one as a hurricane and one as post tropical storm ha
thoughts and prayers with ottawa , canada and all canadians ,
my prayers are with the solider and other victims in ottawa , canada .
am i the only one who just realized its st .patrick's day
the fact that it snowed on st . patricks day
glad mitt romney is not president , what a corporate dick !
konp welcomes obama win , millions more americans will have access to health care . now we need to fight to protect our
this is mason wells . he survived the boston , paris and brussels attacks holy fuck .
praying for the people affected in the brussels attacks .
video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippine
: video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the p via
floating voter but i have concerns the eu can address crisis quickly when each countries has different needs !
office take-up in remains steady despite uncertainty according to
folks are going to from all over the us and world right now . way to stand up for the peaceful protest on
cosby's message would be pull up your pants , work hard , get a job , dress well , have good manners , get educated . not negative enuff
happy st . patrick's day from tmf !
woke up , got dressed , realized it was st . patrick's day . looked down , realized i was already in green . score . (i'm almost always in green )
germanwings flight 9525 pilot locked out of cockpit : lao voicesreport : pilot locked out of cockpit before cra
statement clearly hints speculation should stop re deliberate pilot actions and cockpit lock scenario
pinch me , i punch you . happy st . patrick's day .
happy st .patricks day everyone , have fun be safe !!!
nepal earthquake : updates , and what to do and how to help - mountainworld productions
praying for nepal . so tragic . there are no words .
i don't fucking care its the usa , i don't care if obama is a good politician or not , but the guy's speech was awesome !
plus i really like obama . i wish we had leaders like that in politics here .
your ex has hijacked a plane and made it come to your destination do you
a peaceful end to the hijacking and a man shot dead in a driveway near penrith . more at 6.30
fotoset : thesubversivesound : happy st .patricks day
have a safe and happy st . patricks day from ains !
dear everyone , you checking in that you are safe in nepal when you're really in maryhill is funny for no one .just stoapyou're welcome
hundreds search for missing us helicopter after second nepal quake kills
lmfao just messin cause your the biggest romney lover i know
i am searching high and low . i've yet to find any polls that have any good news for mitt romney .
st patrick's day in chicago : 2012 was 81 degrees , 2014 is 18 degrees . is that global warming or climate change or just march in chicago ?
stop by today for 1 /2 price cheeseburgers all day ! happy st . patrick's day !
it's like christmas morning ! congratulations president !
woke up obama is still our president
7.5 magnitude earthquake hits nepal , some damage reported : a 7.5 magnitude earthquake has struck nepal ,
7.5 magnitude earthquake hits nepal , some damage reported : a 7.5 magnitude earth
and the haze of lies , lies , and bullshit lies is being lifted right before our very eyes !
great ! 90 -year old holocaust survivor arrested in
harry there's been an earthquake in nepal
my heart and prayers goes out to the families who have suffered in the earthquake in nepal who have lost loved ones .#nepalearthquake
ocha report on impact : 8 people died , 3 injured , 4 missing . 100 new cases of . reality =much higher :(
kinda short notice to fly across country and hang out in a place being rocked by a hurricane
van persie is acres of space , but a poor first touch and it's blocked away . should've done better .
van persie should be scoring from there ,poor first touch . 1 -0 denmark
now playing .. big sandy - high steppin ' . .turn it up !!!
tina tina .. o tina .. your silly as hell . that sandy bitch will blow me to africa .
bbc using warsaw leaders of men for their item on the dutch group of death there . pissed all over itv already with that decision
thought the itv discussion on racism was the best so far . very sensible .
what is this st . patrick's day thing ? is it like purim ?
i think some people really believe it's st . patrick's day today the fuck ?
boy i know yo ass betta vote for obama lol
romney can yak all he wants about obama's unemployment record , but it's allowed thousands in to see aerosmi
happy st .patricks dayi love you so much
happy st . patrick's day everyone !! i love ireland
crazy scenes in paris i can't believe they finished that football match imagine playing with terrorist attack going on right outside !
paris attacks ? awful , awful events
my empty phantom this week sxsw shows !grackle rock 2 ! (presented by eco friendly vodka )thursday - march 15 h
may be participating in these sxsw festivities before i leave ..
oh and i guess happy st patricks day everyoooone
happy st . patrick's day to all our irish friends and colleagues !
bring it on sandy .. u can't keep me in the house . i'll be christmas shopping this weekend
or hurricane sandy which ever comes first
obama is obviously the better president . so ,he has to win .
obama sheds a tear : an overwhelmed us president barack obama concluded his last speech of the election campaign m
i was close , once , to a woman named sandy , and , yes , she was a bit of a hurricane . lovely dancer that sandy was .
hurricane junk food somehow manages to finish before the hurricane even get here smh
sxsw 3 i love it ! i wish would play every yearrr ! saw them play twice with
sxsw is pretty much the center of the world
hope was enjoying his peanuts and cracker jacks while the blood was drying in
is flag , bomb found in brussels raid
i hope those kids are ok this got to be a hard time for that family .. worrying about a hurricane and their kids get ki
i don't think the hurricane parody tweets are funny
how noble : kills 130 peopele in and brussels have a court hearing ! , you see .
meaningless fluff . brussels attacks : wembley stadium light up arch in tribute
will be a gr8 tournament , i think france may shock everyone
live on sirius 92 xm 207 analysis of . next up czech republic v russia
very interesting conversation with about at our # sxsw booth . thanks brad .
hey nick , great job on the blog and videos for the sxsw trip !!!
before i get lit for st . patrick day .
do people actually take the day off from work for saint patrick's day ? am i really just that lame ? never have i done that . can't afford to .
just like , doesn't have the same success playing internationally .
balon d'or candidates are not supposed to be playing like this !
great job you are doing on the ebola issues .
good guide to avoiding ebola . one take-out for meat eaters : avoid suya .
can't do anything but pray for paris and all the other country's that have been attacked ! thoughts and prayers to lost ones
and more react to paris terror attack
ronaldo is such a drama queen , you're hot but god damn annoying
this is becoming a very boring playoff run ..#euro2012
hurricane forces nyse shutdown : the new york stock exchange will be close
join the bnp here : hurricane forces nyse shutdown : the new york stock exchange will be clos leeds
lol don't let hurricane sandy throw u away ! :)
my mother calls this madatory evacuation for hurricane sandy a mandatory eviction .
hurricane sandy could be one of most destructive storms in many years - national geographic
ibnlivehurricane sandy could be one of most destructive storms in many year
st . patrick's day at has been put in hold while we worship
to all those on the way out to celebrate st patrick's day - enjoy !!
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/azi6pmlbxv
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qqtkonaiuv
celebrating st . patrick's day in columbus !
happy st patricks day everybody !! be safe out there !!
happy st . patrick's day ! can i get a follow please
happy st . patrick's day from walker dentistry !
aberdeen man ben innes posed for a photo with hijacker after being taken hostage
aberdeen hostage poses for photo with egyptair 'hijacker' via /r/news
happy st patricks day have a great time !!!
happy st .patricks day :-) i'm a little bit late , well well
happy st patricks day to my irish friends - hope you enjoy a day off from lent
happy st patricks day to all my irish friends ! and the not so irish !
very classy speech by governor romney .
very classy speech by romney ; i know he kinda has to but it's still appreciated
: how brussels bombers prepared a 'satanic' cocktail : an empty apartment block on a quiet str
eth how brussels bombers prepared a 'satanic' cocktail : an empty apartment block on a quiet street turned out
nialll wkfiehwjfkelkdksdis baby omg . ! shoutout to america okok . im in hurricane sandy right now
yep ! same . sandy aint about it though !
s /0 to obama !!!!!! 4 more years
i wonder if obama's re-election will carry any weight in mangaung !
if you tweet about sxsw like you are at sxsw , but your geotagged posts are telling me your not at sxsw , does that make you a douche ?
free honeybrown and magic hat #9 drafts in our pool room starting today until saturday from 4 pm - 5 pm
tho there was plenty of jokes about hurricane sandy , please know it was no joke and plenty have been effected god bless them all
i feel for the east coast guys of the united state time that sandy has destroyed area valued i feel for your guys !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yjdhcgzm97
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/asr23qfuun
happy st . patrick's day from the pint off whyte !
happy st . patrick's day from grace kelly - 1954
wishful thinking . journos shallow snd reactive around terror reporting . emotive and patriotic rather than insights
the hunger for mass casualties is tied to a larger apocalyptic vision , a renewal of the 12 th-cent religious warfare
what's all the hype about this sandy crap ? she is all talk . not doing anything here in nh just misting rain .
if someone says where is sandy one more time i'm going to unfollow you like deadass , you need to watch the motherfucking news goddam !
i don't know what to believe about hurricane sandy
this from is amazing for following and visualizing hurricane sandy's path !
if i end up not going to work i am sleeping through all this sandy nonsense i am 2 weeks short on sleep .
jimmy mcmillan said the tide is too damn high .
who in their right mind wld bomb a marathon finishing line ? umhlaba wonakele . pray for boston .
love on your friends family and hug them tight . life is short .
romney = hope . future . america . patriotism . best choice .
if romney wins i know america will have a better future
thanks for the free guinness . happy st . patrick's day new friends
i love how many irish people there are on st patrick's day but the rest of the year they are just normal joes
breaking : 3 rd shooting reported in eastern paris at a kosher supermarket .
reports of another separate shooting and hostage situation in paris .
i can't believe people are giving other people crap for being concerned about what happened in boston .
love and thoughts with the people of boston todayso sad :( 3
sandy can't keep us down : inspiring tales from storm-center nyc : there is a lot to be upset about right now as a
(#fashion article ) sandy can't keep us down : inspiring tales from storm-center nyc : there is a l
those who voted obama will feel the wrath of their stupidity soon enough , along with rest
tim tebow had something to say bout obama winning talkin bout nicca don't have no job to go to nicca take your job bum ass arm !!!
pre-sxsw showcase at tree top music festival - corpus christi caller times
paperapps is creating printed electronics . some awesome applications .
as of 11 :39pm romney leading in popular vote w 49.5 % while obama has 49.1 %: according to
futures market down already ? really people ?
i go in on cinco de mayo not soo much st .patricks!
by the way i hope everyone had /is having a great st . patricks day !!!
watching football idk whose whoo but wooooo lawlss
who bet first score as a safety ?
aside from staying glued to here are some useful tips on staying safe during
thinking of friends in the northeast . we hope is milder than the predictions . please stay safe .
idc what u say st patricks day is not a fuckin holiday
if you pinch people for not wearing green but have no idea who st patrick was or what the holiday commemorates i have no respect for you
hi hello hey there happy st patricks day i made this with my buddy
happy st patricks day at the soapworks
[video - cnn ] u .s. presidential candidates react to brussels attacks
u .s. presidential candidates react to brussels attacks : the candidates were quick to respond as terrorism and
pathetic !: boston marathon explosions already being blamed on the right
the latest photos from the boston bombing
: frantic search continues amid aftershocks in nepal : with more than 3,500 already confirmed dead and
frantic search continues amid aftershocks in nepal *not news
is sampling the text from the dr bronners bottle
just seen tear the belmont up
dh wishes everyone a happy st . patrick's day !
thank you pamela ! happy st patricks day to you too !
the source : sxsw review : john defore directors jodi wille and maria demopoulos explore the in
thr all reviews : the source : sxsw review : john defore directors jodi wille and maria demopoulos explore the inne
brothers aged 33 and 31 each lose a leg while watching , reports boston globe
video : facebook memorial page made before boston bombing (by thinkoutsidethetv )
chinese doctors perform over 300 operations in nepal : a chinese medical relief team has performed 321 procedur
eat more porky pig chinese doctors perform over 300 operations in nepal : a chinese medical
no school monday or tuesday hurricane sandy
no school , monday and tuesday ! thank hurricane sandy . making my nfl sunday even better .
whoever is accountable for boston bombing is a sick mother fucker .
for the 8 year old who passed away in the boston bombing today , heaven just gained another angle today
i'll commit suicide if obama wins ..
if i had dual citizenship i would vote for romney and then just stay in canada xd
im think im gonna go for a giants win tonight in the it should be a great spectacle
sunday . its gonna be a good game but im taking the
priceless ! r heard on you picked a fine time . obama (sung by osu students ):
don't be bullied by koch bros and other ceo's who don't want you to vote 4 obama . stand up for america , vote obama . s
sweden reportedly has the most loyal travelling fans in
you've got to give greece credit after today's game no one else will
so what time is your flight booked piers ??
today i woke up in the united kingdom , in a nation which has peacefully and democratically spoken . bravo scotland
sooooo obama won , now what ?
thank you , president obama , for leading me to believe in america again .
poland draw with russia in warsaw after the czech republic defeat greece 2 -1
poland 1 - 1 russia . best game of by a mile so far . ze germans v dutch tommorow
[al jazeera english ] fears as buildings continue to crack in quake-hit nepal
fears as buildings continue to crack in quake-hit nepal : thousands of buildings are too dangerous
richmond residents prepare for hurricane sandy
lol watch hurricane sandy be no big deal
it's almost hurricane time - good thing you don't need electricity or food to get a little frisky .
i'm not even worried about this hurricane tbh like i'm not even expecting it i could care less
woke up to 12 snapchats from patrick . lol .
legoland florida goes green for st . patrick's day -
some serpent bread for st . patrick's day .
just found out it was st . patricks day whoops
text from a friend : they're already cancelling school and boarding up businesses for next week . hurricane sandy is being kind of dramatic .
hurricane sandy from space via
when a tragedy happens , it changes the lives of the ppl involved n their families . let's pray for boston .
for boston r .i.p to the ones who died
romney is holding people hostage at his rally what abt that
damn there's evidence that romney doesn't pay his taxes . people need to be careful who they vote for .
may your heart be light , your cares be few , and may your wishes all come true . happy st . patrick's day !
here's wishing all our family and friends a happy and healthy st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at community trust .
happy st . patrick's day from ensave !
how are you celebrating st . patrick's day ?! xxxxxx
its st .patricks day and i'm wearing black .
out thoughts and prayers are with the families affected by hurricane sandy .
i think hurricane sandy is gods way of reminding you aint none of these presidents about sht .
please jack it's st . patricks day pleas
and on st . patrick's day that's supposed to be our day
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/19rpetr99h
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4jtmjsiecp
they rioting cause obama wonbeing racist as usual
haha ! that's exactly what he said obama would do if he lost !
telegraph world : hurricane sandy : 17 people rescued off hms bounty replica ship : seventeen people from the repli
hurricane sandy : 17 people rescued off hms bounty replica ship : seventeen people from the replica hms bounty abandoned ship while str
happy st patrick's day um
miniature st patrick's day celebration .
monsoon season could hamper quake rescue : nepal's national nightmare continues after being hit by a second ear
monsoon season could hamper quake rescue : nepal's national nightmare continues after being hit by a second earthquake with a magnitud
might as well blame sandy on him too . can i get an amen ?!
hurricane sandy fuckin up the porn industry .. haha
god send sandy to destroy the mormon romney and his followers . mormon don't believe in god .
if you missed it - american apparel angers twittersphere with 'hurricane sandy sale '
hangin ' with at the st . patrick's day parade this morning !
getting set up for st . patrick's day parade festival in fulshear !
regardless of who you vote for just get out and vote !
everyone's vote counts ! get out and vote !!
[news] video : africa collaborates to tackle ebola : health ministers from west african countries have adopted a
health news form bbc video : africa collaborates to tackle ebola : health ministers from west african countries
news : another sandy casualty : nyc bees : dnews nugget - another sandy casualty : nyc bees : eighteen deaths in new york
despite sandy , gas prices to keep dropping : despite the wretched weather hurricane sandy is spawning in the
ur idiotic for sayin that . i know gay ppl and black ppl who vote for romney and there not dumb .
the little girl behind romney on cnn voicing her opinion .. lol
i ain't even know it was st patrick's day lmao
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! who's wearing their ?
godbless everyone in paris rn my prayers r with u .
same story now after ? moron
raids target paris bomber's 'entourage': authorities have begun six raids in brussels , which are conn
raids target paris bomber's 'entourage': authorities have begun six raids in bruss news
my mom told me i ruined st .patricks day because i stuffed a whole cupcake in my mouth and then choked on it
end of the day /night me ant and and left standing !!!
has sandy let in on the dutch secret ?
james worthy : superstorm sandy - spits - -
prayers for nepal and those who are affected in the earthquake .
thoughts and prayers with the people of nepal and everyone who has been devastated by the earthquake
hurricane sandy could delay october jobs report
hurricane sandy could delay release of jobs report
sandy had to be man made b
some (real) photos of hurricane sandy's destruction -
denmarks manager has got massive sweat patches
the denmark manager has got sweat patches ! hahahahaha !
this , by is pretty much spot on re paris and what it means .
asian stocks rebound after paris attacks - ctv news
one thing that will take years to reverse is the damage undermining obama has done to those who fought hard for c
ohhh i got a good one . like for obama comment for romney . no debates !!!
eight militants killed in paris attacks : investigation source - the economic times
is it a coincidence this paris attack happened on friday the 13 th ???
happy st .patricks day :d xxx
happy st .patricks day from ireland laila xx
hey ! those of you in the states , exercise , then go exercise your right to vote
everyone get out there and vote for mittrack obamney !!
just wrote a st . patrick's day book for ryan
in honor of st . patrick's day i'm eating tacos for lunch !
africa : what is ebola ?: [africa check ]in february 2014 an outbreak of the e
africa : what is ebola ?: [africa check ]in february 2014 an outbreak of the ebola virus was i
anyone need hurricane tips ? this is my second one .
please pray 4 us on the east coast ! i live near the ocean and hurricane sandy is on it's way d :
i'm not even american but i still want obama to win .. is that weird ??
if i were american i'd vote for obama .
finding it increasingly difficult to not argue with racist trolls about
gunfire heard as cops use tear gas smoke canistrs 2 disperse missouri city protestrs
good luck east coast . stay safe and stay alive .
hope everyone on east coast america stays safe !
i turn my imessage off on so all my messages are green .
happy birthday to my momma happy st . patricks day to everyone !! 3
thoughts and prayers go out to everyone gettin hit by by hurricane sandy
is it me or does anyone else hear sandy trying to whistle outside ?
this applies to area around paris (h/t
i didnt know something happened in japan all i know is there was a shooting in paris
geez this is war in paris ! 120 + deaths , 200 + injuries (90 in critical state ), and emergency declared for the whole country
europe has its doors wide open . the end of the schengen agreement ?!!
just in : pilot locked out of cockpit before crash , report says
news one of the pilots locked out of cockpit tried to break back in , before crashed
reports to ctv say 30 shots fired on parliament hill .
shots fired near parliament hill in ottawa . follow for updates .
party at 5 :p gooooooooo :d rooting for my home state .(;
we have free food for the game at the pub tonight !
thank you kelly clarkson for not changing /ruining our national anthem . well done !
i totally disagree with you . blake & miranda were awesome ! it was great /patriotic/real! stuff it you elitist snob
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vf9uouhq0f
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hcnjeupgcb
i dislike st . patricks day very much
selfiez for daysss on st . patrick's day
newly-weds and pregnant woman among britons who survive nepal earthquake horror : incredible stories of survival by britons following
newly-weds and pregnant woman among britons who survive nepal earthquake horror : incredible sto via
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3zqveywj83
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gvn1hpbupb
i want to share a cup of greek yogurt with john stamos
i'm pretty sure that i'm the only person in north america that is not watching the
phew , out of the forecasted path of hurricane sandy's effects (minus some rain and maybe snow ). that looks to be a beast of a storm .
pray this hurricane is a hype like always
meanwhile , in the alternate universe where romney won the election .
what did eva longoria do when obama won ? look : latino celebs react to election results
alright , sandy is getting on my nerves .
okaaaay ? its 9 :51 . . . . where the fuck is sandy ?dont lemme find out that bitch scared , lol !
police to investigate 'racist' referee in case -
ol ' fashion fun in the dark thanks to nj
view dominic parker's one minute candidate video here :
view willie penrose's one minute candidate video here :
groupon shares drop after sandy hit u .s. merchants : san francisco (reuters) - groupon inc shares fell more than 8 percent on wed
reuters groupon shares drop after sandy hit u .s. merchants : san francisco (reuters) - groupon in
hurricane sandy is really dicking us hard with this rain
pump house surf . hurricane sandy 10 -27-12. smoke on the water .
we love you paris . stay strong .
prayers for the families of all those who died in paris tonight
nov 15,2015 8 :15 psinsp basallo dep opn discussed abt recebt terror attacks in paris during pice
a comment most will dismiss because a sun reporterbut he's not wrong .
us marine killed in nepal helicopter crash identified as : cpl . sara a . medina of illinois .
guardiangdp : how can we ensure every penny of aid is accounted for in nepal ?
ebola in nigeria : answers to key questions you have [must read ] via
[9jaolofofo] ebola in nigeria : answers to key questions you have [must read ]
ready for st . patrick's day at the office !
i guess this is what i get for trying to be a good student on st . patricks day -___-
buffoons such a twat . casilias is a chap therefore spain to win
i'm feeling a spain win ! but italy could have this in their pocket !#euro2012
what am i hearing ? ebola don enter lagos ?
ebola case allegedly reported in lagos , nigeria .
people really pissen me off with this sandy bullshit -.- ! its a storm get df over it !
sandy is my best friend . ever .
pick your st . patrick's day savings at dbny , up to 40 % more off
how to stay safe this st . patrick's day : be quiet while studying on 5 th floor weldon or i'll throw my apple at you .
italy bs germany is gonna be crazy
gattuso worried by germany threat : destiny not enough for italy
whacking day st . patrick's day
no , it's my early st . patrick's day gift .
attention internet : st patricks day is tomorrow .
- go caps ! for st . patrick's day !
bring me all the marie callenders you can find it's dark and hell is hot sandy
i uploaded a video vlog 10 /27 upcoming hurricane
ndtv news - world : nearly 125 indians stranded in nepal after high-magnitude earthquake - ndtv news - world
prayer for nepal . come forward with help .
mba paris attacks : celebrities worldwide react on social media
long island paris attacks : celebrities worldwide react on social media
sandy affecting y'all at all ? we're getting 'slight' winds , got a bit of rain , but nc getting hit hard .
would be even more in the dark without
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/erlg9ekjd8
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/n4khxcek5l
what a proud moment . salutes to the rescue team
everyone thinks this whole nepal this is over and it's just so heartbreaking . i've been avoiding videos for the longest time and then i was
ajc : american college student killed in paris attacks
posting a pic of u having a great time in paris really shows that you're praying for paris :)
i liked a video exclusive cctv footage of earthquake in nepal - it's really scary
government of nepal requests international assistance for earthquake
st patrick's day is tomorrow but i always have my greenbay wristbands onso i'm good for not getting pinch tomorrow
wish i was attending the parade tomorrow , but i have too many cuts to miss class
coldplay - paradise (live 2012 from paris )
england-france no normal friendly , says roy hodgson via
it's st . patrick's day and i don't have on anything green ..
happy st . patricks day all ! have fun !
happy st . patrick's day pataconecu dickens inn
happy st patrick's day ! jajaja :p
absolutely bullshit ref work . sorry for greece .
this spanish referee is a load of dog poo . feel for greece
in some areas i think you're right . but for many people it's been okay ; an opportunity for discussion
disappointing lack of ambition courage in scotland . a victory for fear over opportunity for change
paris !! all rip !! heaven !! god !!
how are we going to react if we find out that the are connected to the new wave of newcomers from ?
lucky wishes you a happy st . patrick's day
happy st patrick's day . celebrating trax by
see president obama , bruce springsteen and jay z today at 12 pm at nationwide arena !
if are naive enough to look beyond all of failures and reelect him , we have crossed the line into an entitlement .
design : 12 unforgettable photos from hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy slammed into the northeast last night lea
12 unforgettable photos from hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy slammed into the northeast last night leaving a t
has anybody seen sandy yet ?
idk why they named it hurricane sandy aint shit sandy about it . it's wet cold and depressing me lol
pirlo scores a great free kick . italy 1 -0 croatia
pirlo scores on quite a beautiful free kick and it's italy 1 -0 croatia at 39 '.
dirk nowitzki verdirbt boston celtics den st . patrick's day - t-online
special equipacion for st . patrick's day
israel air force jets return to bases after hijacked egyptair plane lands in cyprus - jerusalem post
telegraph : route of plane from egypt to cyprus
ebola virus : dr sheik umar khan is dead : dr sheik umar khan who treated more than 100 ebola patientsdied
[jaguda] ebola virus : dr sheik umar khan is dead : dr sheik umar khan who treated more than 100 ebola patientsd
awful news about the massive 7.9 earthquake in nepal . god help them .
688 killd as massive 78 hits highr death toll feard
i'm still not quite sure why everyone is so happy school was cancelled because of a hurricane . it must be pretty serious then .
3 papers to write and a few worksheets for homework . the question is : will class be cancelled ? :-/ i hate not being psychic
woah st . patricks day tomorrowwhen
and if our always is all that we gave and we somehow take that away id be alright it it was just till st . patricks day
at sxsw , joi ito invites tech entrepreneurs into the mit media lab : new mit media lab director joi ito today invited a packed room at
at sxsw , joi ito invites tech entrepreneurs into the mit media lab -by
11 nations to tackle ebola epidemic : the health ministers of 11 african nations have agreed to a jo
( ) 11 nations to tackle ebola epidemic : the health ministers of 11 african nations have agree
hi everyone ! we're busy busy doing yard house prep before sandy ! have a wonderful saturday ! if you haven't seen pitch perfect . do ! 2 funny !
text msg : you kno sandy coming tonight right my response : swerve bxtch gon boutcha bizness ..!
now if buddy get off like zimmerman did .. all hell gone break loose in
someone should donate gas masks to these freelance reporters and peaceful protesters
bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese in crash identified : us , nepal officials identify the bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese soldiers
: bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese in crash identified : us , nepal officials identify the bodies of
happy st patrick's day :) celebrate in style at today !
the big day is here ! come share our last st patricks day at union station . we are giving away everything in the
paintings by ces : hurricane sandy charity auction !
slowly , the subway is starting up again
president scheduled to speak at 4 pm . from the white house regarding
president obama is going to speak about again at 4 pm et .
i bet he's mad that obama won .
since ndc is associating everything obama to mahama , obama won n melcolm collapsed .if mahama wins does it mean dat
forgot to mention 75 % of all my earnings on for the month of may go to the nepal disaster relief :
ooredoo companies across all markets unite to provide a hand of help to alleviate suffering in .
md solutions news : in disasters such as sandy , hie is 'as critical as having roads , as having fire hydrants '
plz rt for the ppl of breezypt queens , ny . this town lost homes from fire during
can't wait for today's england - sweden match ! should be a good one !
i literally cannot wait for england vs sweden .
if you're in the hurricane's path , stay safe . 3 god will be watching over you as always keeping you safe . i'll be praying for y'all . 3
we should go to la to avoid this hurricane
latest death toll from is 94 overall , thankful !
hurricane sandy : games to play in the dark : if hurricane sandy is making her way through your town ht
not that there's anything wrong with seeking a silver lining , but why use the hurricane to perpetuate the broken
we hope everyone is safe and doing well after hurricane !
tomorrow is st . patrick's day i believe .#green
tomorrow is st . patrick day :o
liberia shuts border crossings , restricts gatherings to curb ebola spreading
liberia shuts border crossings , restricts gatherings to curb ebola spreading : monrovia (reuters) - the l
if obama wins tomorrow , our economy is going to be sol were going to be farther up shit creek than we already are .
gallup : romney surges into a virtual tie with after mitt lead +5 before .
what a great day ! democracy wins again big money and a few zillionaires lose !
there's nothing more american than drinking a bud and watching the electionexcept drinking a bud and watching baseball :p
i feel forthose in paris but unarmed blacks in u .s are being killed by police so are they terrorist .police are terrorising blacks in u .s wup
main train stationsite of the 2008 islamist gunmen assault , is lit to honor victims of paris attacks
watching the documentary 2016 :obama. it shows the truth about obama . watch it .
after mitt romney is elected president , can please give joe biden a late night show ?
ebola in lagos ke ?..abeg biko ooo ..shey make we dey run ?
first case of ebola virus recorded in lagos
picture of french police ct heavy ballistic shield used for bataclan assault ..27/28 impacts
the latest : paris bars , restaurants urge : everyone to the bistro
choose your words carefully . terrible news coming through from paris . 18 dead apparently .
oh this is getting really terrifying in paris
holland in my opinion is falling apart at the seems
90 minutes of football and both teams ' kit looked pristine ! won't their mummies be pleased ?
woah today's st . patrick's day ? wow that came fast
good morning everyone ! happy saint patricks day . have a safe and productive week .
i wish i could vote and if i could it would be obama 4 sure !! love you and please follow me ! :)
what was the total of electoral votes for both obama and romney ?
believe it // fact : america's dependence on foreign oil has reached a 20 -year low , down 25 % since president obama took office .
obama blowing up my email inbox tonight . calm yo tits .
quel dommage . i hope 'merde' won't be trending in twitter uk tonight
why is watching england play always so painful
in honor of st patrick's day , here's me singing to get you in the mood for the impending festivities .
st . patrick's day open 9 am phelps st for shamrock on the block 2014 . 9 am - 2 the damian knapp band 2 -4 5 -7
i'm always successful on st . patricks day
what the absolute fuck was saint patricks day
did you have a good st .patricks day ?
sixth st . tavern for ! st tavern
good to see quick response from ji
looking for ways to donate provide help to nepal ? pri has a good list of vetted charities :
cornbeef and cabbage the american irish treat on st . patrick's day
unable to broker deal for gay groups , walsh skips boston st . patrick's day parade : boston mayor
martin kelly what is going on here !!!! hopefully defoe get injured then i think i will be of to
gutted cahill ruled out of euro's-mortified martin kelly has replaced him .#england
since twitter seems to be all nba /disneystarwars/election, i'm thinking sandy's biggest threat has passed . or i only follow east coasters .
help if you canpray for those in sandy's path
guys ! go out and vote today !
americans , confirm where you're voting tomorrow !
's passing is so good . seriously though , is it as difficult as make it look to pass to a teammate ?
i thought thiago motta was brazilian
go green this st . patrick's day at domaine !
st . patrick fled from slavery happy st . patrick's day thanks to all who are brave in exposing modern oppression .
india welcomes obama's re-election as us president via
this might be right down your alley - - - president obama faces mitt romney in a videogame fight via
thoughts and prayers go out to the soldier shot at the war memorial in this morning . parliament hill is on .
our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by this morning's shooting near parliament hill .
report : audio indicates 1 germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit b4 crash in france , investigatr says -
audio indicates 1 germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash in france , investigator says
happy st . patricks day ! hope everyone has on green today .
happy st . patricks day from my little irish men !
^-^ ^- ^ nigeria death shows ebola can spread by air travel : death in nigeria sho ^-^ ^- ^
nigeria death shows ebola can spread by air travel : death in nigeria shows ebola can sp
hurricane sandy : 50 dia flights canceled because of east coast storm : fifty flights from denver
if i had a gf , i def wouldn't be with them during the hurricane too much n i'm just tryna chill
that's a huge no win in aberdeen . it's over .
okay i'm turning off the coverage and putting on another ep of . this version of scots vs english has sam heughan in it
i hope hurricane sandy does not do too much damage to the us east coast .
really sucks 4 the east coast right now hurricane is comin plannin to swipe out states like omg its kids over there .. hope god be w / them
i hope ohio edison gets our muthafuckin ' power back on . been out since monday . 11 cats and 5 dogs and a me-cicle . stupid hurricane .
hell hath no feary such as an upper eastsider wanting what they want , when they want it after a natural disaster
markets closed and presidential campaign interrupted as us east coast prepares for hurricane sandy
come and get me sandy . i dare you .
here we go with the hurricane stories -__-
can't believe david stern callee hurricane sandy hurricane katrina smh .
happy st . patrick day !!! be merry 3 love from portugal 3
at buena vista san francisco : via - where the irish coffee was born !! happy st . patrick's day !
also guys if you want to help out with hurricane relief , do not donate to the salvation army . they're known for homophobi
hurricane sandy has left us with devastation not only to our friends and family but also has taken away a place
news : parliament hill attacked , soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa - cbc .ca
parliament hill remains in lockdown after soldier shot at war memorial .
why paris ??!!! why ?? why !!? why ?? :(((( now all we can do is to pray .#prayers4paris
so sad : terrorist attacks rock paris
exclusive : photo leaked of replacement law enforcement in
making speeches about things ppl already is a waste of time .
i love st . patricks day because green
happy st . patricks day to all at home
happy st patricks day to family and friends
happy st patricks day to all the cpc community
st . patricks day weekend in chicago is insane
find ways to celebrate st . patrick's day this weekend on our site :
boston marathon bombings : amid chaos , old friends offer comfort : as i watch the boston ma
stop posting this girl on twitter !! she did not die in the boston bombing !
via belgium : imams refuse to pray for the souls of the non-muslim victims of brussels jih
video = belgian imams refuse to pray for souls of non-muslim victims of brussels islamist attack
we are only dealing with one location : police chief on rumours of bombs elsewhere
someone explain to me about this sydney things
if u r hoping that the hurricane comes through and makes us not go to school on monday , u obviously don't know the implications if that wish
u know sandy really changed me ? i am a better person :-)
our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of brussels .
our thoughts today are with the people of brussels .
hurricane eyes u .s. after caribbean : after claiming nearly two dozen lives in th
cnn news america hurricane eyes u .s. after caribbean : after claiming nearly two dozen lives in cnn news america
i feel like this hurricane name is just taunting me .
the whole east coast is shutting down for a cat 1 hurricane ? they don't flinch in the gulf until it hits cat 4 or 5 .
news brussels peace march canceled over security concerns %
[naijadailyfeed] brussels peace march canceled over security concerns : a peace march planned for sunday in the
fantastic ! happy st patrick's day !
happy st patricks day . take care and be safe this night !
before you hit the polls today : 10 reasons to via
people instantly become economists on election day .
wow . how did ronaldo miss that ?
cristiano ronaldo you are a effing fool ! what a sitter and you missed it !!
have a blessed day , happy st patricks day !!
happy st . patricks day ! remember to wear your green today !!!
happy st patricks day to you all . hope you're enjoying the celebrations wherever you are . :)
happy st patrick's day from all of us at renault ireland !#paddysday
trying to put on a bet , sadly the only bet i understand is 'result of coin toss ', i'm feeling tails
3 :30buffalo chicken dip in the oven and first beer is pouredis it time for yet ?
my thoughts and prayers are with the hostages and families of the hostages in sydney . be brave xx
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed sex pervert iman via
alright obama's president no turning back if you have a problem with how everything's being ran do something about
obama same definition as insanity-doing same thing over over again and expecting different results . but we love you !
so sad and totally unnecessary , no more bombs please
sf mayor says we're all sorry about what happened in boston . wants everyone to know we are safe .
good name for a hurricane , storm trooper . but you'd have to pay royalties .
re : tar disaster curse : joabthe offical hurricane season , in the usa , is june 1 to nov 30 . peak occurance i
homeless men turned into human routers [horror]: sxsw , the ann lr =u1281182
homeless men turned into human routers [horror]: sxsw , the annual
stay safe my paris friends .
il y a eu un attantat a paris .. j'ai peu ptn
i'm not sleeping until obama makes his speech !
i love how when i woke up , the first tweets i saw weren't about obama winning , but about the vindication of nate silver .
hurricane in the caribbean are you safe ? x
this hurricane shit is pissing me off . i refuse to go to class on monday and tuesday if its pouring out .
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/sub54sqewp
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/29tuod1zzu
i just caught myself reading my spam mails to avoid looking at the screen .
haha the legends dressed up as mario and luigi xd
obama , romney blitz swing states as election day nears - ndtvobama , romney blitz swing stat
top stories obama , romney blitz swing states as election day nears -
sandy , make us have no school tuesday
where you at sandy ?! come at me bro !
photos : the latest unbelievable images from the chaos in
wtf our we coming to itis a how civil rights being violated by the st .louis co police n i hope thepayout of their asses
: earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/uksnsbxevh
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/zded3qdmoo
ottawa shooting : police confirm only one gunman as parliament re-opens
ottawa shooting : police confirm only one gunman as parliament re-opens : shooting suspects mothe
based on no real facts ( giving pa to mitt ) the fact i don't have a vote , here it is : obama 279 romney 259
vote for obama and the straight democratic ticket
they interrupted ellen again ! curse you sandy .
chris christie's body proportion , obama's big ears . these guys are two cartoon characters .
i'm in class for the 1 st time since sandy the school roof is leaking part of it caved in why am i here ?
sandy said u welcome bitch nigga
god protect nigeria from ebola virus
so this ebola virus thing don reach nigeria no more bush meat
happy st . patricks day !!!!! dance will be cancelled tonight !!! we know you're all going to be under the
happy st . patrick's day ! click here for our schedule of performances around the today .
happy st patrick's day , i pray everyone has a great day
happy st patrick's day . a little cranberries for younice
david stern just said hurricane katrina ? you mean sandy
stern is still on hurricane katrina ,lol
regardless of the outcome , in 24 hrs i sadly fear there may be very little humility and /or dignity from either side .#scotlanddecides
man in motherwell earlier v proud to tell me he voted 'no' at 7.10 am gave me a sign he's had in his window
did that just really happen ?! haha
at least now this won't be our first 0 -0 draw of goal ! shevchenko header ! legendary moment for ukraine 1 -1
i officially hate st .patricks day after having to work last night
32 magical photos of ireland to get you pumped for st patrick's day : (photo by stephen emerson )
blogs 4 torres and mata's joy for club and country
torres and mata's joy for club and country
taking the mta's harlem line for the first time and i gotta say the hudson line is much more picturesque . stupid hurricane .
people really take the time outta of their day to create fake pictures of hurricane sandy , wow !
howdee all , yesterday jeff and i walked bluff point sta
howdee all , yesterday jeff and i walked
happy st patrick to u all too 3
happy st . patrick's day . here's a little green tip for you !
bruce springsteen , sxsw 2012 : the boss ' all-star protest concert rocks austin , rings hollow : filed under : concer
what's new : bruce springsteen , sxsw 2012 : the boss ' all-star protest concert rocks austin , rings hollow (via spinner )
just got to the pub to watch england
: the 'three lions ' against the 'cock'! which top team in group d will win today ? england or france ? bet your baguettes on france !
gm sydney time to get up and get ready
what do you think about what happened in sydney ?
as usual after such attacks ,more details about policeintelligence missing prevention of attack despite warnings ,leak through .#charliehebdo
french police kill paris massacre suspects , few hostages reported dead .
if only people forget color and pay attention to facts . is about a failure of police to protect and
residents struggling with daily life - graham leader
ebola doctor dies less than a week after contracting virus : the moment dr . sheik humarr khan accidentally cont
ebola doctor dies less than a week after contracting virus : the moment dr . sheik humarr khan a
i think it's a good time for all of us to move to .
if adversity only bends a man , it creates in him a power to react that is bound in time to manifest itself . solidarity
you know it was bad when the 'real' photos are worse than the 'fake': (gah the carousel )
if sandy mysteriously found her way to mt pleasant about wedesday night or so i'd be fine with that .
happy st patrick's day , folks ! where's the place to be today ??
happy st patricks day to all - may it be extra green this year :)
nothing screams boston like an anna's breakfast burrito ! i love this city ! taqueria ) [pic]:
to all those who were hurt or killed in the 2 explosions in boston , my heart goes out 2 u nd ur families nd you are in my prayers .. 3
got a feeling if it goes through to penalties will win this
looks like we goin to penalties .
'batman v . superman ' london premiere cancels red carpet after brussels attacks
thr : 'batman v . superman ' london premiere cancels red carpet after brussels attacks : warner bros . said in a st
sandy : bad timing as obama jokes about his ipod songs in pre-taped interview as superstorm batters e
once again , scotland farts at thee . this time , with the force of a trillion-billion sandy's . repent , arrogant scumsack .
no words can express how devastated i am for everyone in paris
how awful what's happened in paris , very very sad ! thoughts go out to everyone .#vivelafrance
we don't know why liberal didnt call storm nancy or hillary . poor sandy didnt damagges out country .nancy hillary did . ha ha stupid
hurricane sandy victim alert : beware of who you give your hard earned money to for services .
times like these i wish storm from the x-men was real and could make sandy go away cc
pumpkin patches : the forgotten victims of . it's going to look like a horde of teenagers with baseball bats came t
i am searching only for the positives of having no power and the most positive of all is that i don't have to watch political ads !
is tired of people complaining about lol i live in louisiana talk to me when part of jersey is out to sea . newbs
the sydney hostage thing is pretty scary tbh :/ :( 3
[singapore today ] sydney siege : a hostage runs to armed tactical response police officers for safe : sydney
i sense netherlands will score the 1 st goal
can't stand lawro commentating , he's a miserable fucker not in the slightest bit funny .
brussels police sift through clues : the manhunt for at least one escaped brussels attacker continued
brussels police sift through clues : the manhunt for at least one escaped brussels attacker con
bbc poll : rest of world favours obama - except pakistan .
romney against government assistance too .. he get in office ppl going riot take money , food , and shelter away js
504 hollywood news paris attacks : french official names belgian as mastermind
omg hollywood news paris attacks : french official names belgian as mastermind
sxsw next generation supported by chevy sponsoring millennials innovatio : via
sxsw next generation supported by chevy sponsoring millennials innovations and concepts
waking up to terrible news stay strong boston :(
hey bostonny loves youwe have felt your pain plus 3000 . god bless america . stay strong , the country is with you .
spain could have had at least 5 goals by now
ok , i think this was anti-climatic final .
portugal-denmark . the most entertaining and exciting game of
best game of so far . portugal v denmark
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at smartdrive !
a happy st . patrick's day message : cheers ! turns out may be good for you . via
who wants to spend st patricks day wit me
i'm loving all the pretty green ! happy st . patrick's day ! let's celebrate with a chocolate mint ganache cone !
some times words aren't enough . we all know . god bless them all and god bless boston
my heart and my prayers are going out to those who lost their life's to this senseless act in boston today may god bless u and ur family !
. has pledged to donate money to boston bombing victims for catches /dropped balls this year .
hope they find who is responsible for the boston bombs ! prayers for all those involved !!!
happy st patrick's day hoboken ! be sure you check out one or a few of hoboken's irish
downtown irish club parade marks st . patrick's day - happy st . patrick ;s day , new orleans ! the streets were fi
hurricane sandy probably thought she would stop me from running stupid hurricane .
statement on supervisory practices regarding financial institutions and borrowers affected by hurricane sandy :
happy st patricks day ! up and at 'em!!!
it would be so nice if we were off for st . patrick's day
heading home now to not miss the start of the england game .
france vs england . france have won 21 games in a row . lol . this should be good .
i love how a ton of people are talking about hurricane sandy , even though it's pretty much only affecting florida .
did you guys see my musings on hurricane sandy ?
come to the highland vs . east game in sugarhouse park to see highlands green camo st . patricks day jerseys
happy st . patrick's day to you 2 your loved ones ! :)
knicks-nets opener postponed in aftermath of hurricane sandy -
knicks-nets opener postponed in aftermath of hurricane sandy - globe and mailknicks-nets op
good morning ! happy st patricks day to you ! :)
happy st .patrick's day to all our friends
our hearts ,thoughts and prayers continue to go out to all of our boston family and friends ! to those sick
hey , thanks for the follow . my thoughts are with you and everyone who is in boston .
happy st . patrick's day to our irish friends . where will your travels take you today ?
on this st . patrick's day , brands crank up their green campaigns .
so many chances for the germans this half
italy came here to win this !!! wow ! what a save by buffon
thoughts and reflections on the from a muslim perspective by sh
in addition to the kurds , send some feisty fighters from jordanian thru school of american apologize to el-sisi .
kind of stuck with no power or transportation after the hurricane :/
normal service resumed in us stock markets following devastation from hurricane
kudos to india for immediate action . also pakistan , uk , us and china for swift response in providing international aid .
looking for a venue (park) to have a family picnic day with music , stalls etc in aid of the people of kathmandu post quake
so was taken off on sunday in light of the paris attacks . when will this madness end ?
abdelhamid abaaoud , the alleged architect of the paris attacks , was almost killed in a western a
this photo is fake . stop being gullible bastards .
are you seriously saying that hurricane sandy is due to burning fossil fuels and co2 ?
this hurricane sandy coming to va i got bronchitis aint nobody got time for that !!
so now this hurricane warning we have wtf :/
happy st . patricks day to our over 240 manufacturing associations and their green initiatives !
happy st . patrick's day ! why not enjoy a river house rueben with chips today at the river house cafe ! just $4.75!
tyler sash has more rings than lebron ..#sb46
how weird were tom brady's hokey promo photos ?
horrible to see the news of what happened today . thoughts go out to everyone in boston
our thoughts and prayers go out to the injured in boston
i hope my friends on the us east coast are ready for that big hurricane that's on the way ..
i think the gov't should buy water wings for everyone for storms like me . they save lives !
it's not unacceptable to get drunk all day because it's st . patricks day
riiiiiiidiculously dehydrated . thanks , birthday /st. patrick's day weekend !
ron paul on a national 1 v1 vs obama wouldve opened eyes rt :i'm so glad the republicans didn't realize that ron paul would have beaten obama .
and we deserve the truth from obama
crash co-pilot hid illness from airline - at via
crash co-pilot hid serious illness from airline .
explosions heard at brussels airport , several reported injured via
brussels terror attack : zaventem airport in belgium rocked by two explosions
please don't go to paris ,and if you do ..please just stay safe ..
thoughts are with all in paris ; and all around the world for people in strife .
so , has already called the races in georgia , s carolina , and vermont , without a single precinct reporting . wtf ?
romney gets kentucky , georgia , obama gets vermont . ok , before i lose my mind i better get up and just dance
just voted ! number 945 in my area that's a good turnout
it's your constitutional right to vote to have a secure mobile device . we can assist with the latter
though i was disgusted by bombshell this morning , but he's right . humanity comes first .
can't really complain about the british weather now can we
heritage - why australians responded to the sydney hostage crisis with tweets : a twitter campa
why australians responded to the sydney hostage crisis with tweets : a twitter campaign called
from the cfi blog : irish inspiration - with today being st . patrick's day , we thought a little inspiration from th
more paddy dash fun from this weekend . happy st . patrick's day !
paris in a state of emergency after terrorist attacks last night (friday 13.11 .15). more than 155 persons dead as of now .
don't forget that a # is not the same as a real powerful prayer . actually pray tonight . not only for paris but yourself . god will bless you
: ebola scare forces jim iyke out of liberia : disease of the moment , ebola ,
ebola scare forces jim iyke out of liberia : disease of the moment , ebola , is definitely making many people be
gizmodo - has this staten island middle school turned into a hurricane morgue ? post-sandy conditions on
has this staten island middle school turned into a hurricane morgue ? post-sandy conditions on : h
3 days left - cristiano ronaldo is the youngest player ever to play the final match in the uefa euro history (19 years 150 days )
3 days left - cristiano ronaldo is the youngest player ever to play the final match in the uefa euro histo
this irish rugby team are a disgrace to their country ..it's 5 pm on the saturday of st patricks day weekend , and they're all bloody sober !
happy st . patrick day !! with my nama and lisa :-)#stpatrick
in my old town - please sign share the petition : via
in argyll - please sign share the petition :
here's the latest hurricane sandy forecast map : from the national weather se
here's the latest hurricane sandy forecast map : from the national weather service : please via inside
happy st . patrick's day to my relatives and friends in the us !!!
hey well , happy st .patrick's day :)
its st . patrick's day , you know mufuckas bout to be on 10
its st patricks day in like half an hour and i didnt even know that but then again what is st .patricks day for
happy st . patrick's day ! celebrate with a little irish music , muppet-style :
good morning patriot friends ! happy st . patrick's day to you all ! how is everyone celebrating (safely)?
if romney wins its because the voting places machines were rigged .
how can anyone vote for obama , always he has done is made this country more broke then it already is , among many other bad decisions
it just wouldn't be st . patrick's day without a new rob ford video , this guy just does not get it
happy st . patrick's day ! we consider ourselves pretty lucky to do what we do . it's a blast to experience all of this creativity .
(#losdelsonido) how ebola emerged out of the jungle : people caring for infected individuals - from friends and relatives (#oye_victor)
: how ebola emerged out of the jungle : people caring for infected individuals - from frie via
didn't even know it was st patricks day tbh
st . patrick's day celebrations - florida today
wishing a very happy st patrick's day xxx
happy st . patricks day to all of my fellow irish people out there !
happy st patrick's day twitter , from frodo 3
happy bornday to meeee ! happy st patricks day to you all !
good news another 29 games to go in !!
let all the teams play a couple games before goin mental over performances
does this video vindicate the officer who shot michael brown ?
had skipped article re : context . mistake . read it : h /t
a big was not ! mt reality check : who believes hurricane sandy was /was not caused by global warming ?
why is everyone making such a big deal about hurricane sandy . its just a hurricane .
how are you celebrating st paddy's day ? why not kick things off now and check out these hot irish celeb hunks
happy st patricks day from our wee leprechaun
must think he gonna die in the hurricane kuz he texting me -_-
oh no the wind from the hurricane is taking my friend !
3 tactics brands are using this st . patrick's day on social media via
didn't even know yesterday was st . patrick's day lol
make your teeth feel lucky today ! happy st . patrick's day !
tw____ : happy st patricks day !!!
business news - sandy inspires a good market decision : the nyse , nasdaq and the other us stock markets all made
sandy inspires a good market decision : the nyse , nasdaq and the other us stock markets all made a wise de forbes
new article on darkpolitricks : national guard ordered onto streets of , missouri
new story on darkpolitricks national guard orderd onto streets of missouri
happy to hear that obama won the election ! :)
i can think of at least one person i know who is not happy with obama's re-election :)
happy st . patricks day from my main man melo !
happy st . patrick's day ! buckeyes send us your pix from today's
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/b3ppmyqak2
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/5rfjg7b9ba
prayers go out to y'all going though sandy
hurricane sandy disrupts northeast us telecom networks : new york , oct 30 (reuters) - power outages and flooding h
patrick's voice on tttyg makes me smile he sounds so young and i love it :)
since elementary i can't celebrate st . patricks day without remembering your birthday . hbd i hope you have a great day !
i like this although obamas head is less square
to all the people in tn and southeast , it is obvious that you think badly of obama . it doesn't mean everyone else does . there are positives
check this out paris attacks : eagles of death metal singer told fans to run for their liv
paris attacks : eagles of death metal singer told fans to run for their lives during shooting : jes
i am so angry . my heart breaks for paris and the world . are we ready to face reality now ?
paris will feel the love and grief and hope of the world .
i know you are probably incredibly depressed with the final on , but how about that trade ?
can't say italy haven't had their chances .
commencing storm coverage begins now . goggles , camera covers and gore-tex rain gear for myself . lets do this !
don't anger the hockey gods or sandy happens .
nice write up on dna , marketing
fiona apple's showcase is making me more ecstatic for her show next week ! v
happy st patrick's day ! hope all are safe and happy today ! may the sun be always at your back .
the acfn 8 boxers are celebrating st . patrick's day by punching instead of pinching !!! this is the official first
u2 reschedules paris concerts , foo fighters release music in support of attack victims
odelaotoor : zlatan ibrahimovic : 'i'm very happy in paris '
happy st patrick's day guys ! celebrate it as it should be :)
in case you missed it ! happy st patrick's day ! ,
would be great if they had it on st patricks day . a double celebration
having a hoot celebrating st . patrick's day a little early !
happy st . patrick day and happy holi !!!
happy st patrick's day to all our irish followers , have a great day .
can't be because andrew's a murdoch employee , oops i mean ex , that he didn't mention queen calling sun liars .#bbcdp
cameron merely appeasing his eurosceptic colleagues
you watching the russia game ? on itv 1 x
i'm gonna tweet an unreasonable amount of football related bits over the duration of , it might be unfair on those who follow
pm modi calls for high-level meet to review earthquake situation after fresh 6.7 magnitude quake hit nepal
mam how can we ppl frm india send cloths medicines or food items to nepal .. we also want to help our neighbor country
some hacking to make up for no class tomorrow :(
quaboag , tantasqua /union 61 and spencer-east brookfield have also cancelled school for tomorrow , oct . 29, because of hurricane sandy .
i made it . sandy didn't do too much damage
hurricane sandy a 'worst-case scenario ' for new york metro area : government forecasters : the projected storm sur
i'm taking romney's advice to vote for 'love of country ' and casting my ballot for obama . america ! fuck yeah ! cue montage .
if romney wins i know it's gone be some mad ass people lol , but imma sit back and wait for this nigga to fuck up . then imma say , told ya so
a happy st patricks day to all my native american followers
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at mpcwc !
runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - the globe and mail : telegrap
runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - the globe and mail
nepal earthquake claims life of sophia bush ex-boyfriend : according to various reports , the death toll from
hollywoodgossip : nepal earthquake claims life of sophia bush ex-boyfriend
fancy the ireland v croatia game to be more exciting than spain v italy
my 0 -0 prediction is looking good so far spain v italy
on our way to sxsw . catch us at w
rollin out with sky lounge to atx for sxsw !! we play townhouse bar 5 th and lavaca 330 pm today and tomorrow !
how apropos to find somebody's godfather wrapped up in this .
lefties on reddit currently maddest about fact there are no americans on the list so far .
is it wrong that i'm more excited about playing the 30 th annual lowrider festival than i was about sxsw ???
thanks to for the shout-out . check out his blog :
smh i need my money fuck sandy !
fuck you sandy , i had to get up made early to run and then drive to the super packed store cause of ubitch
trying to figure out where you vote tomorrow ? here's your answer !
election 2012 ~ we're screwed ! both major candidates want .
stuff we like : hurricane relief support :
sorry virginia , new jersey , new york : there is no sandy clause : most homes have no flood insurance :
i'm enjoying tonight , i'm scared of that hurricane sandy :3
hurricane please come now i'm waiting *sings*
thoughts and prayers paris on this heartbreaking day . tell your loved ones how you feel today , you never know what can happen 3
what a truly vile and disgusting race we are . paris is the city of love my thoughts are with you .
nuclear plant in nj on alert as sandy tests industry - bloomberg : national geographicnuclear plant in nj on aler
nuclear plant in nj on alert as sandy tests industry - bloomberg
do you actually celebrate st .patrick's day ?
oh its st patricks day guys !
sooo did obama win the popular vote too ?
obama won the popular votes , slightly but he did
heart breaking news from . so shocked and appalled . who would bomb a children's park ?
targeting children in suicide missions is truly the lowest anyone can drop . my heart goes out to and
60 % of young votes went to obama ! im proud of us
rhs kids who voted for romney : wait 4 more years and then you'll know how anything would even affect you because he
glad obama won , romney tried taking a lot of rights away from women .. can't do that to the ladies ! come on now haha
thank god president obama won
happy st patrick's day from everyone at dillon enterprize .
happy st patricks day to my very lovely indeed irish followers
more from the hurricane sandy get together
amazing video of hurricane sandy ripping an enormous tree right out of the ground !
beautiful day to visit in . envious of our colleagues , though , with day off for st patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day from the staff at phma . we are once again buried under a foot of snow . offices are closed
join the bnp here : video : us braces for hurricane sandy : the east coast of america is prepa leeds
pakis rape kids : video : us braces for hurricane sandy : the east coast of america is preparing
there was a terrorist attack at paris and more than 100 were killed ..
isis claims responsibility for paris killings . how much longer does the world put up with this ?
two final tracking polls split between obama and romney go
and buy their suits from hmx which produces hart scnaffer marx , obama's usual brand and hickey freeman , romney's favorite .
boy : sup babegirl : cool ,, u ? boy : same here , have u heard of ebola ?girl: yh , i downloaded it 2 wks ago .eeiii!!!! girls kasa
you want me to eat ebola alive ?
i would love to spend st . patrick's or any day here !!
new post : st . patricks day sale at
entertainment : sxsw , day 1 : capone catches the powerful doc chasing ice ; and the weak comedy the babymakers !!!:
thought . geeks rule the world . and it's only a matter of time until the revolution is complete !!!
good morning ! just woke up
if you want your town to be like this
what a sad story . american in brussels confirmed dead , wife still missing
man with kentucky ties missing in brussels has been confirmed dead , his family says
why are the , and not the , playing in on st . patrick's day ?
happy st . patricks day ! all we need is . lol !
thaiku will donate all of its sales this sunday to nepal earthquake relief via
royal baby ? or nepal earthquake ?you choose
happy st . patrick's day ! god's blessings to you !
happy st . patricks day to you too ! have fun !
can't stop retweeting about gaza hmm
today arab countries are silent on gaza next time u'll be suffering and they still will be silent
the citizens of birmingham join in sending condolences to the citizens of paris .
russia expresses condolences to the entire paris
it's gonna be pretty bad in jersey . flooding has begun and sandy is still a long ways away . they are calling this a 1 in 100 year storm .
its not even raining yet where tf sandy at ?
why name hurricane fag names , like sandy ? name that shit hurricane death megatron 300 and guarantee niggas be evacuating like they need to
halloween is postponed due to sandy smfh ugh i wanna wear my dress lol
dtn usa : anonymous members speak out at surreal sxsw panel : when it's revealed that a prominent member of a clan
anonymous members speak out at surreal sxsw panel : when it's revealed that a prominent member of a clandesti cnn
read about hurricane sandy's impact on new york
well you came and you gave without taking , but i sent you away , oh sandy ~ barry manilow
happy saint patrick's day to you too , harry :)
does isabelle do anything for saint patricks day on acnl
no , seriously , it's st . patricks day today ?
happy st . patricks day ! meow !
what are you doin for st . patrick's day ?
follow me for st patricks day
starting st . patricks day early
it's today st patrick's day ??? i'm so lost .lol
our hearts go out to all those effected in boston . we are live at 7 pm .
president will speak at 5 :10 about the boston blasts on
i'm starting to get a little worried about sandy
what effect hurricane sandy will have on voting in new york area on nov . 2 nd ?
happy st . patrick's day whiskey
i forgot that its st . patrick's day tomorrow
new name inspired by hurricane sandy :)
im not even gunna lie when i heard about hurricane sandy i thought it was a new spongebob episode lmfaoo
prayers to those families affected by the boston marathon explosion .
wow people are already making jokes about the boston explosion
equities are mixed in early trading after being closed two days due to sandy . oil up to $87.06 and gold at $1711
our thoughts and prayers are with all of you who are being or have been affected by hurricane sandy . we know that
sxsw 2012 : ad agency under fire for using homeless as wifi hotspots : jay fernandez bbh labs has outfitted 13 hom
hollywood reporter | sxsw 2012 : ad agency under fire for using homeless as wifi hotspots
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! here's my favorite quote . do you have one ?
happy st .patricks day ! how will you be celebrating today ?
sandy sounds like one bad bitch , can't wait to check dat ass out
fuck , hurricane sandy's eye is where i am . noooooooooooo
happy st .patrick's day love you
happy b-day nd st . patricks day enjoy
to those who have gone to a better place and found their rest
terrorist fighting . killing innocents is a sign of their weakness . cowards .
(#losdelsonido) what we know about the killed sydney siege hostages : police have confirmed that three people -- includi (#ivanberroa)
whatsapp 8093046355 what we know about the killed sydney siege hostages : police have confirmed that three peop
happy st patrick day fuck faces !
happy st patricks day everyone . have a good week . i have an exciting one .
aljazeera : paris attack 'unlikely to affect syria policy '
ubertalksng dice : paris attack 'unlikely to affect syria policy '
paris attacks : david cameron leading uk response with cobra meeting
terribly sad about paris . a city that has given so much freedom to the world .
is there no third place play-off for the euros ?
[#euro2012] spain better now than in 2008, claims wigan boss martinez -
damnit y'all , stop asking twitter about the hurricane . everybody is going to give you different answers
someone come thru today and get stuck here during the hurricane !
can't believe its been a week ago when the awful terrorist attack happened in paris . rip for all the people who died on that terrible night .
there is much more than paris going on in this world
happy st . patrick's day , damian !
for today .. which is monday and st . patrick's day
yepso let's us not all blame romney .
romney's defeat means treasuries may fall below 1.5 % on fiscal cliff and bernanke : president obama ?s electoral victory over governor
gaza continues to prayer for the safety of all ..
and the world keeps watching the world cup .
deeply saddened by the news out of brussels this morning . thoughts are with those affected by this tragedy .
my heart goes out to everyone in brussels right now i'm sorry that y'all have to to through this
i don't get why people are calling today st .patricks day when it's on monday
in the studio but music row is popping right now for st patricks
charlie hebdo attack : suspects holding at least one hostage : two brothers suspected of slaughtering 12 people in an unprecedented jih
charlie hebdo attack : suspects holding at least one hostage
bid /ask 1096.70 / 1097.70 update 1 -oil, gold edge up in nervous start on commodities markets after paris attacks
it seems like a normal monday morning but paris was a game changer -most other things seem trivial
holland's next game is vs germany . holland lose and they head home . not many people would have predicted that pre
germany 1 -0 portigal !!f*ck yeah !
, president barack obama is more concerned about americans during hurricane sandy . he can care less about your dumb ass
we are all praying for the victims of sandy !!!
lol yay my teacher voted for obama !!!!
just watched a video on and just likened himself to barack obama .
my dad gets way too excited for st . patricks day .
other than that earthquake , i hope everyone has a great st . patrick's day ! (:
despite sandy ! act of god . i am quite proud of all americans working and praying 2 gether 4 good of all !
my flight has been canceled yet again ! sandy has made this trip one for the .record books .
yo this opening ceremony is ridiculously bad .
quickest opening ceremony ever . thank fuck
happy st . patrick's day ! i'm so lucky to have my sisters in my life .
happy st patrick's day ! wear today and be green each and every day !
st patrick's day green lighting on ice
st . patricks day . no green in this sunset .
did you thank him after the paris attacks ?
most heart moving video relating to the attacks in paris :
friends , thank you for keeping us worried and faraway folk updated on your status . we love you for it .
sandy is getting fucking out of hand . someone slap a hoe bruh
who was the band playing in paris anyway ?
to the people tweeting about the media covering paris not mizzou just stop . this isn't a competition what happened in paris is awful
obama shoulda came out crumpin to look at me now wit a jabawakki mask on
do we get a day off since obama is kinda irish
uh oh kelly went an lost that weight again !
why are u so fat now kelly ?!
( ) american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with e ( )
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : an american doctor working with ebola patients in liberia
military flight evacuates canadians from nepal : officials : some canadians who were in nepal when a mammoth ear
helping nepal on they need only from paying good $$$
even though i'm part irish i don't really celebrate st . patrick's day lol
happy st . patrick's day ! tonight we feast on corned beef and cabbage .
i feel the same way lil cuz . fuck romney and er body who fucks with him .
my familys voting for obama . swag swaggg
st . patrick's day green today !
happy st . patricks day ! green lighting warmer .
scramble to clear polling stations : widespread damage in the east from superstorm sandy threw state and local agencies tasked with ru
scramble to clear polling stations : widespread damage in the east from superstorm sandy threw state .. from cnn
my prayers go out to any families who were effected in boston today and makes me mad tht this is wht our once was a great country has become
sadest shit ever brick road films
nepal moves to limit drone flights following earthquake | dronereviews -
uas news : nepal moves to limit drone flights following earthquake :
oystersnbeer : nbc news screws up hurricane sandy coverage
i believe obama will perform every act necessary to help the victims of hurricane sandy , but if you can help , do your p
ukraine vs sweden . hopefully this game will be good
safe start for england , decent result . will have to be a bit more adventurous against sweden but sets up a lively friday evening
sxsw / official dj showcase lounge (300 east 6 th st ) / 9 pm
watching a livestream of the dream at the fader fort at sxsw he is not a good singer at all
and also hes called obama ! such a cool name .
stfu about the election . obama won and it can't be changed .
praying for anyone in sydney hope you guys are all safe
unsettling to be flying out knowing the city so dear to me is going through today's dramatic events
official iranian and palestinian state media claim israel orchestrated the paris attacks :
swears allegiance 2 and country not allah islam .#defense must remove this personnow !
sending lots of love to all the people out there battling this crazy ass storm
i think the hurricane tweets are funny .. hut the fact people are dying is sad :( and theres babies out there and shit ! -.- tf .
nws : special weather statement issued october 30 at 5 :31am edt by nws : sandy local statement sandy cont
fredcomd : special weather statement issued october 30 at 5 :31am edt by nws : sandy local statement ..
goal for spain - fernandotorres smashes a wonderfulshot past shay given . spain 1 -0republic of ireland after fourminutes
torres ' confidence will get loadsa space to grow in this game .
ready for tomorrow hurricane sandy better be about that life because i ain't even fucking with school next week .
have any of you guys been hit with sandy if so what was the damage
we are united . my heart is with paris
this hits close to home since one of my best friends lives on paris . please everyone ,
is that howard webb doing russia v czech ? has he awarded a penalty to man utd yet ?
has been great so far . looking forward to the 2 nd half of russia v . czech !
hydro crews heading to connecticut to help restore power to thousands ^mb
received via text : 'i hope u .s.a regrets throwing osama bin laden in the sea now , the guy won't stop will he ? ;)'
the lion : happy st . patrick day .
happy st . patrick's day from the new york film academy !
you don't need luck with a ford by your side . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day !!get your green on today !!
it's all about me happy st patrick's day
happy st patrick's day to all our friends over in ireland .
may the luck 'o the irish be with you -- happy st . patrick's day from all of us !
happy st . patrick's day or something irish anyways
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/hvozbn831d
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/bjyeh8oimx
photoset : my st . patricks day
happy st patricks day wish u were in ireland with us :-(
i bet brandon sterling is mad that obama won .
congrats usa ! obama again :d
if obama wins were fucked , but on the other hand if romney wins were fucked . great day to live in america
lz : why vote for obama : lz granderson says obama is not a perfect president , but his concern for those less
reuters - fresh earthquake kills scores in nepal and india : chautara , nepal (reuters) - a second powerful eart
fresh earthquake kills scores in nepal and india : chautara , nepal (reuters) - a second powerful earth
summly , scary robot , social analytics , silly sandy overly attached undead girlfriend -
power still out from the hurricane ? come on in , happy hour starts at 4 pm today !
st . patrick's day : the rise and fall of alcoholism
you still have time to enter our giveaway ! via
so who wants to throw a hurricane sandy party tonight ?
here's a cheery song for all you folks on the east coast getting ready for the hurricane sandy . good luck
i will be living vicariously through your tweets :)
american express show presenting jay z live from sxsw .
breaking : plane crash : co-pilot 'started descent '
no , oh my god . germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'started descent ' -
are you lucky enough to ride today ? happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day to whoever celebrating :d
but obama seems like a capable leader . so i hope he does something good .
yes we are on the right side ! we are voting obama !!!!!
area schools react to paris attacks .
is a giant suspects in paris attacks , police exchange gunfire in raid
preparation for hurricane sandy -- nova is closely monitoring the movement of hurricane sandy . we will provide
i swear bitch im going out to trick or treat even if im in a hurricane .
scratch that . i saw both of the illian brothers . ben and jason .
i'm seeing everything is a remix at sxsw 2012 .
david stern is a fucking idiot sandy not katrina fucktard
david stern mixed up hurricane sandy with katrina
happy st .patrick's day everyone ! cheers !
happy st . patrick's day from your airport friends !
st . patrick is my awesome relative |
st patricks day spent at hayden's hockey tryouts .
it's unreal this stuff ganin on in paris
thoughts and prayers to everyone and all the family members in paris .
someone drive me to get food and water and movies so i'm prepared for this hurricane
eyy ashley the concert is canceled sooo when we reckin this bitch sandy lol
preparing for hurricanes , tropical storms , and other severe weather .
hurricane sandy - here i come
brussels . no words to be honest . where does it end ?!
it is just awful what has happened in brussels ! my prayers go to those who have lost loved ones . last week
if you could email your cllrs + to ask them to back the motion it would be ace .
james nachtwey documents refugees arriving in europe
can't wait for friday . we finally get our news back .
thinking of voting no ? best to stay away from the polls tomorrow , we know how you guys hate foreigners
getting coverage from in rehoboth beach . guess we may be seeing some after all if they sent in
batten down the hatches east coast ! here comes sandy !!! you're all in my prayers !!!
because today isn't st . patricks day .
turning green for st patricks day
if i go , who will i root for ? i was all for the giants the last time , but only because i hated the patriots .
one of my favorite parts of the is the fresh field
hurricane sandy was only a category 1 now it's a tropical storm . hey east coast , lets freak out a little more over a small storm
so now its raining in my bedroom ! thank you sandy
should be a win for holland , after all , he scores when he wants
oh how i just love those men in orange !!! come on holland !!
today is the most american day of the year !
gorgeous day for almost wishing stadium did not have roof
another soldier shot at war memorial here in ottawa possible multiple shootings
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa - politics - cbc news
happy st . patrick's day . would rather be in ireland
happy st . patrick day !!!!.seech
hey florida ohio . please don't invite those hanging chad's back to the keg party . we just got the cops to leave .
although ap reports romney won michigan , fox news , cbs and cnn say obama one michigan .
lizzie mcguire movie instead of going out on st patricks daythe lyfe
for st patricks day ! did i make it right ? 070
fuck the hurricane . i'm not even home and it's still affecting me .
this hurricane reminds me of how back in houston we use to pray that a hurricane hit so we didn't have to go to school
happy st patrick's day . be safe and enjoy yourself .
first class was cancelled . happy st . patrick's day to me !
what's up : 'hurricane sandy : coming together ' concert : christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to perform
'hurricane sandy : coming together ' concert : christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to perform
shamrock shake calories don't count on st patrick's day .
what am i gonna wear tomorrow for st .patricks day ? hmm
new on kwanleetv : 50 cent x eminem - patiently waiting (live - austin - 2012 )
50 cent x eminem - patiently waiting live at sxsw
got a lot of chances in the first 18 minutes
netherlands running circles around the danish . unlucky van persie ! nice run
grieving for the innocents who have died or are wounded .
fuck resilience . we want action against people behind
analysis : jerusalem and paris have been cooperating on intel for years : the mossad and dgse have a smo
analysis : jerusalem and paris have been cooperating on intel for years : the mossad and dgse have a smo (jpost)
happy st patricks day to all the irish people around the world
happy st patricks day from code angel .
love the melanie amaro pepsi commercial !
nothin like a safety to start . 2 0
it's because that co-pilot was a really dangerous fruitcake .
pilot ,andreas lubitz exposed as a mossad agent
wish i could replicate last year's st . patricks day this year
i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day lol
media needs 2 learn how the australian media reported the sydney siege and spared us the worst via
perth glory fail to report player benefits in a-league salary cap - sydney morning herald : sydney mor
according to my favorite pubs its been st patrick's day since saturday . it's like drinking xmas coming earlier each year .
happy st patrick's day ! be sure you're wearing green so you don't get pinched !
be green like the hulk for st patricks day
i was unaware that today is st patricks day
american doctor working in liberia contracts ebola - voice of america : channelsam
yare american doctor working in liberia contracts ebola - voice of america : sky news australiaamerican do yare
st . patrick's day subscriber specialgreen coffee bean extract 800 - tonight only $14!!
you like st . patricks day or something ?
happy st . patrick's day , my darling 33
hello ;) a happy st .patrick's day to you to :d !!! 3 xx
. nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : american family helps /#breaking
nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : american fa
today's news out of paris - terrifying testament to what happens when you bow down and appease 1 religious group .
salman rushdie on the charlie hebdo attack :
happy st . patrick's day , tara ! watch out for any after shocks .
happy st . patrick's day from tlk inc .!details
thats the story of his presidency -all talk .
what do u make of this story out of nj about non-union workers from al being turned away :
hoping there's a good outcome for all the hostages in sydney must be so scary for them .
i hope all the hostages in sydney are okay one direction
happy st . patrick's day from slu crew to you !
happy st patrick's day ! a year ago we were in beautiful ireland .
sarah jessica parker : still smiling after sandy !: sarah jessica parker returns to her manhattan resid
sarah jessica parker : still smiling after sandy !: sarah jessica parker returns to her manhattan reside
it don't really matter who wins anyway
style new york giants picked written in the stars as their intro song ?
happy st . patrick's day ! in honor of the holiday , ask us how you can go green with vp buildings today !
happy st . patrick's day ! we're closed until we plow out today . go drink some green beer !
pls give what you can for those affected by the earthquake in nepal . our thoughts are with you :
250 persons missing after avalanche in nepal
netherlands vs denmark , , i'd like denmark to put up a good fight , but the dutch are going to be too strong !
netherlands vs denmark - netherlands to win 3 -1
peace corps temporarily removes 340 volunteers from liberia , sierra leone and guinea due to ebola outbreak . via
ebola outbreak : peace corps temporarily withdraws 340 volunteers from liberia , sierra leone and guinea :
where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it
where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it drench (via
please rt and show your age if at school you used to score goals then shout klinsmann and slide along the floor or grass ?!!
not even goin to lie that was a rocket no chance for the german keeper rally caps for the second half let go germany
happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy you day everyone .patrisk'sday
happy st patrick's day , aka spirit day .
another petition is quickly attracting signatures , pls add yours and //t.co/dc9mkxtgnu
can't get a school place for your children then let the refugees have it instead
ebola outbreak sparks states of emergency in -
i totally enjoyed spillover ( but it's really not helping me keep calm about this ebola outbreak .
with hurricane sandy hitting the northeast : 5 corporate insurance tips for before and after a storm - - via
saving gas while being stuck in during the hurricane
cnn news 30 dead as storm lashes se asia : as hurricane sandy lashes the east coast of the united states with win
30 dead as storm lashes se asia : as hurricane sandy lashes the east coast of the united states w
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mx16hlifnu
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dob5nyp10z
brussels , terrorism and islam : i was born and raised in brussels . when i landed in tokyo last wee
brussels , terrorism and islam : i was born and raised in brussels . when i landed in tokyo la via
people that state the obvious yes bish i know the hurricane did damage thanks for telling me
a pretty stunning gif of the predicted approach and timing that will hit this neck of the woods ,
driving to dunkin right before a hurricane ?
my mom here all peaceful . that woman don't care about hurricane sandy !
divert's gist :::: rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/vit3lph0
mtv rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/yia0m5wl
president barack obama defeatsjustin biebr ?! + diane sawyrs election-nite buzz othr must-read news
the reality is that it took alot of white voters to get obama in office . every blk person in usa coulda voted obama an we still woulda lost
what a result for denmark ! now this group is going to be interesting
damn . denmark wins . 1 -0 over the netherlands .
just in : nbc reports at least 13 people are dead in the brussels explosions . we will have updates on 14 news all morning .
at least 13 dead , 35 wounded after multiple blasts in brussels , belgium
have a wickedawesome st . patricks day everyone ! m /
reasons to hate st patricks day : hornswoggle .
come on ireland !!!!!! - there's always a chance !#euro2012
spain have torres and ireland are playing duff too
st . patrick's day is a reminder of how my irish heritage took over my should have been tan italian skin
happy st . patrick's day ! the turtles definitely know how to rock the color
googletrend 1 :generators 2 :sandy 3 :monsterdash 4 :mockingbirdlane 5 :johnsununu 6 :themunsters 7 :krim 8 :goldrush
typical photo . sandy on the way , so dad is on the phone none stop . and me cheesin it hard
i think the gas situation in nj is approaching mad max levels . crazy long lines if you can even find it
today's sunrise from funtown pier in seaside heights thanks to the jersey shore hurricane news . love the quote
my thoughts go out to those held in martin place , sydney . hopefully all will be released safe and well
hope everyone in sydney is safe and well .
everyone have a good st . patricks day ! x
happy st . patrick's day !!! from : natashaxx
lol look at the white people on the bus loving obama .. mr . president keeping his job
his name's mitt , a word americans use for baseball glove . yet he regularly drops the ball . irony lost on americans
stepped lightly through my hood .
would be nice today to see use that $5 million he was offering the president for hurricane relief instead .
whoever missed obama speech u can get a dvd copy avenue
despite our differences ,obama has won . we must now move toward unifying the people of our great country so that all may prosper .
african health ministers meet to address ebola outbreak : health ministers from 11 african nations are m
[voa] african health ministers meet to address ebola outbreak
anyone else in the area where the hurricane might hit ?
i was sleep during the hurricane lls so what happened ?
stars sound off on hurricane sandy so
whilst it's not exactly hurricane crisis important , is there a known issue with new follower emails ? i miss them :( x
egyptair plane hijacked to cyprus , most passengers freed -
officials say egyptian plane hijacked , lands in cyprus : egypt's civil aviation authority says an egyp
as seen years ago in kathmandu . please consider donating to the earthquake relief effort in nepal .
nepal needs our help and we had fellow australians who were good ppl lose there lives think we should try to bring there bodies back home
nepal , india struck by another powerful quake
chabad reports : 'situation doesn't look good ,' as 7.4 magnitude earthquake hits nepal
i feel like hurricane sandy is going to ge obama reelected . tragic shit always get ppl reelected . e .g. g .w. bush
what if other mayors and people in general reacted to like wow .
here we go , obama family takes the stage in chicago
president obama and family take the stage in chicago .
please keep nepal in your prayers and all of the the nepali students at muw who are unable to be with their families at this time .
please donata and help people in need .
it's st patrick's day tomorrow . the pressure to have a good time is immense .
may everyone have a safe and blessed st . patrick's day
ayeee about to get drunk while it's snowing in saint patricks day how often can you say that
happy saint patrick's day ! be responsibly awesome !
happy st .patrick's day everyone . may it be filled with joy and laughter .x
happy st . patricks day to you as well harry !
pub official david beckham bodywear for hm super bowl ad
the only commercial i care for this year will be the chevy ad , since it features
eastcoast must b glad romney's not prez . watch : romney proposes gutting fema , leaving disaster relief to states
betcha didn't know that a newspaper company only closes for one day a year that's christmas . they'll be delivering , sandy or no sandy
happy st .patricks day y'all :d!
happy st . patrick's day everyone omg .
ottawa is a frustrating place to be today . i'm glad everyone knew more about what was going on before everybody else .
is doing a masterful job covering the news out of ottawa . calm and cool .
did the hurricane claim her life ?
you got the same warning !! isn't it a little bit late for that hurricane sandy is so yesterday
i'm loving avi though . it's the only thing that's giving me hope during this hurricane lol
i really hope my grandpa is okay under the sandy hurricane conditions !
i voted early for president obama . :)
if bush got reelected why can't obama ?
thank you you are such a real hero
dh : naperville professor survives quake , plans to stay in nepal
david stern just said hurricane katrina instead of hurricane sandy
david stern just said hurricane katrina instead of sandy .
paris attacks could 'kill' tour de france and cycling : michael rogers (news)
let paris recover from this terror
accidentally getting into this school night wine . ah well , my dad's irish-ish and it's st patrick's day *sound the plastic paddy claxon *
what's the big deal with st patricks day i mean i'm irish and catholic and i don't even care
some good wind gusts in jacksonville fl due to hurricane sandy . no rain , but almost knocked on my ass due to wind .
chris , euro is in . it swings ne , but brings it back west southwest , impacting us most mon night into tue .
share st . patrick's day pics here - - or by tweeting pics at using |
and it's here ! happy st . patrick's day , everyone !
rescue ankur bahl indian mountaineer and team stuck at camp 2 everest . # nepal quake
google executive dies in nepal quake avalanche
i didn't know xrexes was performing at the halftime show
commercial for vogue magazine ? excellent . unpaid media rules .
my heart goes out to all the victims and their families in boston
thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the families of the boston bombings
if obama loses im moving to africa
obama's and romney's favorite tv shows : what do they reveal about the candidates ?
hurricane sandy is causing mayhem in the outer banks tonight through sunday maybe i'll get stranded here for another week
i'm not tryin to play a district game in the middle of a hurricane
what happens when you see michelle obama's face on a mitt romney campain ad ?
mitt romney has shown the world the evil side of the american republican party more clearly than any of the other candid
happy st patrick's day ! $20 freezes all day for everyone ! come see us ! :)
, please don't make me go back to february . ..happy st patrick 's day
anyone with a cat , here's how to celebrate st . patrick's day with them . a new kind of leprechaun perhaps ?
happy st . patrick's day to my relatives and friends in the us !!!
sandy recovery : the death toll mounted thursday as survivors struggled to regain a semblance of the normalcy tha
another adorable little new yorker at a evacuation shelter safe from
silicon alley - we rode tony hsieh's crazy party bus at sxsw : zappos founder tony hsieh was riding a bus around
we rode tony hsieh's crazy party bus at sxsw : zappos founder tony hsieh was riding a bus a
christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to perform at benefit for sandy victims - bruce springsteen , christina
while thankful for being spared from -- this photo is a reminder of the very real reality for some others .
sweet .. are you doing sxsw during the day ?
since i'm hopelessly behind on writing , i've enjoyed at - in our nature sun don't shine , both playing this a .m.
(yordy d ' swaqq ) philippine forecasters say typhoon hagupit has slammed into eastern coast with ferocious wind
more : philippine forecasters say typhoon hagupit has slammed into eastern coast with ferocious winds :
yo happy st . patrick's day !!!!!!!
happy st . patrick's and days . is suppose to be green , not white .
happy st . patricks day to all of you !!! *pinches anyone that's not wearing green * muahahaha !
happy st . patricks day to everyone ! may a lucky four-leaf clover be in your pockets this year ! ;-)
i'd never thought hong kong will became this situation over
liaison office of the central people's govt condemns , supports law enforcement of the hk govt
holy shit , this is the latest i've slept in since august thank you sandy .
we just had the same category hurricane 2 months ago and i was outside smokin the whole time . please stop it ! anything to scare people smh
gov . chafee has ordered u .s. and ri flags to half-staff in honor of the boston marathon bombing victims :
the boston bomb was planted outside starbucks ?uh ohthey better ban starbucks now !starbucks kills people !#starbuckscontrol
shamrocks and beads fly during the annual st . patrick's day parade in mobile : hundreds turned out to watch the
looks like is getting into the st patricks day spirit with quest for chi .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/5xclgm3y4x
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rq1qjpllrs
un chief condoles deaths in nepal quake read more :
our heart is with nepal today .more than 1,500 killed by 7.8 -magnitude quake in nepal
at least 8 dead in nepal chopper crash : us defence chief : eight people - six us marines and two nepalese soldi
: at least 8 dead in nepal chopper crash : us defence chief : eight people - six us marines a
even in my darkest hr thru d sorrow d pain .i'll praise .lord -b with all those who r hurting from d bombing in boston 2 day .
iswear it seem like ibe behind on everything , what happened in boston dats all isee on here is prayers go out to boston ..?
an abandoned fdny ambulance in far rockaway queens after hurricane
thoughts and prayers go out to our many friends impacted by sandy .
when they catch the boston bombers , they thankfully will not be tried in the bronx . nyt shocking series continues :
please join me in praying for the people of boston and letting them know that we stand with them .bryan duncan
romney better pull out big tmrw
obama is a communist but he won't admit it and romney is a shady snake that can't show what he plans to do
my whole family when we figured out sydney got into college and we will be free for 4 years
photoset : sonny bill williams of the sydney roosters
patrick has a lovely colorful voice . kat is just loud goat bleaty .
what do you think of gary's st . patricks day tie ?
not just numbers : names of those killed by in the past 24 hours via
gaza also have children and mothers
idk , seein all these pictures from boston made me cry
okay fuck off , have some respect for those in boston and maybe help ?
nepal earthquake relief : how to avoid the fatal mistakes made after haiti : as international assistance (telg)
nepal earthquake relief : how to avoid the fatal mistakes made after haiti : as international assistance pours into nepal after its dev
just woke up and heard about the event in paris . horrible , just horrible :/
just woke up and heard about the events in paris - pray for paris
germanwings co-pilot crashed plane deliberately - prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot crashed plane deliberatel
i seriously can't comprehend this :'(germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '
german co-pilot blamd in crash showd no sign of distress reports say
how one pilot was left alone at the controls in germanwings crash
talib kweli and pharoahe monch #s play artist hub sxsw
ok so i came to the house but where are the celebs ? i'm trying to get pix and autographs w / anthony , zoya , and the whole crew
being silly before i had to go out and fight sandy :)
our thoughts and prayers are with all our friends , family and customers in the path of sandy and the other
the only good thing about today is that obama won the election
just woke up and all i see is obama re-elected :)
no ! it's just me alone in this hurricane so you can hurry up
earth quake in canada , huge hurricane , blizzards . maybe the world is coming to an end . sheesh .
cnn tops stories reports : missing u .s. chopper found in nepal
lady tech world news reports : missing u .s. chopper found in nepal
patrick duffy turns 65 today . or is it all just a dream ?
they seem to be gearing up for quite the st . patrick's day celebration here . dog duck pub
obama is secure with appx . 237 of the 270 electoral votes needed , while romney is secure with 209 .
everybody get out and vote please !!! every vote counts !! :)
photo | smoke seen billowing following israeli airstrikes on |
american jews how can you stay silent ? the world doesn't forget your holocaust but you do ?
i wish there was a way to fix hurricane sandy . d : do you know anyone that'll be in the way of it ?
should change sandy's name to tigers , then it wouldn't hit anything .
hurricane sandy when you come please take mitt romney with you
if obama is taking sandy seriously , then i guess i am too ..
seen some very disturbing pictures of displaced syrians on the news .
and other media should start empty chairing this awful , useless government
any woman should vote for obama
obama voters are very harassing my vote my choice .
my heart goes out to all who have loves ones in paris , i hope you find them safe and well
as a mother taxpayer im horrified 2 see all 3 candidates wanting syrian refugees in spite of proof
wilson supporters don't want facts .
watch live : anchors a special report as president obama gives remarks on and :
by the looks out side . hurricane sandy maybe coming where we at
yes !! no school tomorrow 3 thank you sandy 3 yay .
the 12 spiritual lessons storm sandy taught me :
got to see my beloved barber sandy today !
today may be st . patrick's day , but the celebration continues with a fun run on wednesday ! learn more at
rt the firts st patricks day for theo *-*
the is not a get out of jail free card for tory abuses - will fight says
is not a get out of jail free card on cruel and damaging tory policies says
fun fact : this first st .patty's day parade took place in 1737 in boston
however you celebrate st . patrick's day , do it safely and make sure to wear your green : 34 mqr-jx 4 mk-rr 7 qq-dqgcq-h 3 wxz
first votes cast as romney takes campaign into election day , obama asks for time to 'finish what
first votes cast as romney takes campaign into election day , obama asks for time to 'finish what we started ': mi
co-pilot tried to take down germanwings plane
co-pilot crashed germanwings plane on purpose
st patricks day holly shitt i need beer
oasis charging extra just cause it's st patrick day and shit lol
belgian police have raided the district of molenbeek in brussels .
paris prosecutor says 5 th attacker identified as 25 -year-old suicide bomber ahmad al mohammad
happy saint patricks day everybody !! have a good day
happy st patricks day to you jason !
happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy the foopets .
happy st patricks day !! especially to the irish :) and the luckiest of all
facebook is doing a safety check for those in paris . i just had a relative tap in to say she is okay .
an official source in the saudi foreign ministry : condemns the terrorist bombings in
olivia - 1 hurricane sandy - 0 . made it back safely thanks bitches , love you !
sandy called me she said she not far !
, stfu you ain't about that life you living . fuck you and romney . now get on you knees and suck obama dick w . the rest of y'all
i hope we mind ourselves not get ignorant pres .obama has set the caliber high so let's not disappoint him pe
they may be trapped on manhattan island , but my sister bro in-law are safe sound . and still have power atm .
hurricane sandy ? lol yea right
northeastern u .s. picks up pieces of disaster after hurricane sandy : martinne geller with em via
northeastern u .s. picks up pieces of disaster after hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day my lovelies !! xx
happy st . patricks day niall ! what have you done yet ?
it's over . sandy sinks rmoney . - democratic underground
allah imposes disasters such as hurricanes so as to punish
good to see that the daffodils are out for st . patrick's day
oh shit today's st patricks day
omg . i'm praying for paris . i am so tired of all these terroist stacks
my prayers go out to all those in paris !
welp , committed my terrorist act for today (voted for obama ).
if obama dnt win fuck it im goin to da navy or air force
happy st patricks day to my liver
apparently st patricks day is a thing now , i just thought it was a fifa tournament
to whoever thinks muslims are behind the terrorist attacks in paris , educate yourself .
there was a terrorist attack in paris this morning there . what would you do for paris ?
my heart is breaking for the people in paris .. so many prayers !
my prayers go out to all of the victims in paris
(#yeremiito21) bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese in crash identified : us , nepal officials iden (#yeremiito21)
bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese in crash identified : us , nepal officials identify the bodies of 6 us marine
happy st . patricks day vets ! make it a great start to an even greater week !
happy st .patrick's day !! i'm a proud irish girl
got anything to say to the hostages being held in your store in sydney australia ???
really feeling it for those poor people trapped by those cowards in the sydney cafe . can't imagine the fear they must be feeling .
'like a forest fire ': how to prevent ebola from spreading to u .s.: the ebola virus is only a sh
[nbcnews] 'like a forest fire ': how to prevent ebola from spreading to u .s.: the ebola virus is only a short p
drinking a selection fine brews to celebrate saint patrick's banishment of snakes from the emerald isle
i can't tell you how many girls wanted me to put them on allen when me and patrick were together
since it is st . patrick's day , my ipod will be only pumping out irish music . aka and on repeat . all day .
what the heck is st . patrick's day , anyways ?
magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes nepal close to everest - usgs
new 7.1 -magnitude quake strikes nepal
i wish i had a romney shirt to wear to school tomorrow for wacky tacky day ! romney shirt and shorts , ill definitely win mr . gold !
romney has ohio again ? interesting
follow for continuing updates from parliament hill in ottawa .
ottawa police have just expanded the perimeter to south of sparks street as the search for a potential gunman from parliament hill .
happy st . patrick's day david and family !
good morning and happy st .patrick's day ! may we talk ?
oh and happy st . patrick's day :d
good morning and happy st . patrick's dayx
even though hurricane sandy is tragic and my house is probably under water , i am still looking forward to seeing in new york !
sandy is on her way to halifax . you should be on your way to the pub for jam night .
oh sandy , how you love to keep changing our travel arrangements
genzyme's patient meeting scheduled for nov 8 th will be re-scheduled due to hurricane sandy and the conditions in nyc
haha , the snow part is good by i'm not feeling that hurricane
i love how there's a hurricane outside but people are still at the mall -_- work
says mastermind behind paris attacks was killed during a raid .
: the suspected organizer of the paris attacks was killed during a police raid .
h &m beckham commerciali likey
interesting that they so obviously showed beckhams wedding ring .
shocking how a plane from syria has landed on glasgow after the paris attacks , fucking stupid
apparently the terrorist walked by an interview on sky news the day after in paris and winked at the camera .
sowhat do people do on st . patricks day anyways ?
because there's never enough green on st . patrick's day .
stupid idea of helder postiga to go after the goalie , a yellow card that portugal doesn't need
that may or may not have anything to do with two diving , prima donna cheats that play for portugal ..
how can it be sunny in nashville and a life-threatening hurricane a few hrs east ? can't the world just stop for a minute ?
hurricane fucking up where you live ?
it's st . patricks day come onnnn
well shit its st . patrick's day
i liked a video from how not to wear makeup - st . patrick's day
i forgot to wear green today then i remembered i'm not irish and don't really care about st patricks day
why the hell are people marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake ???
noooo why are people in the uk saying they're safe from the nepal earthquake this is so embarrassin
wish we had a delayed opening .. oh well . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day ! get your guinness on !
runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - reuters uk
runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - freetown reuters a sierra leone ebola patient whose family
yes claims dundee . 53,000 against 39,000
i can understand orkney voting 'no', but clackmannanshire ?!?
dtn technology news : sxsw interactive goes retro : a celebration of analog at a digital fest : when most people th
2 chainz brings out kanye west and big sean (at sxsw )
i say we take sides now .us vs them .the world vs isis .the nazis tried and failed .so will you .your hate is not welcome
gatwick airport terminal evacuated amid attack fears
eli manning and the new york giants in the house that peyton built .
steve nash and tim duncan in one of the bridgestone superbowl ads
amnesty international has a human rights team in the first time they've done that in the us
amnesty international is sending a human rights team to . for those who dont know how real this is
what do you do on st . patrick's day ?? if you don't have plans come on down and see us !!
there's so much going on this st patricks day that you just don't want to miss out .if you head into the city
the best ways to contact loved ones after the boston marathon bombings : there is at least s
love and support to you and your family today . and of course love and support to boston .
cnn reporting wreckage found of us military helicopter , which went missing after second nepal earthquake .
bbcbreaking : wreckage found of us military helicopter which went missing after second nepal earthquake
d -10 soccer volleyball playoffs postponed due to hurricane sandy .
i'm teaching it up sandy . what u gonna do about it ?
i hear someone shot a bird during halftime . i didn't spot it , nor did anyone i've talked to . even if i did , who cares ?
i've got a terrible hangovernot because i drank any alcohol but because the make me sick to my stomach
germanwings airbus a320 crash : co-pilot andreas lubitz seemed to 'want to destroy ' plane via jihadist ?
just saw the germanwings co-pilot crashed purpose . horrible
feeling pretty grateful that i survived sandy relatively unscathed and am keeping everyone else in my thoughts /prayers.
never mind the hurricane or the gas shortage it's !!!!!!#letsgetit
it's st . patrick's day since when
have one for me ! happy st . patrick's day !
je crois on va annuler paris
oh fuck is normandy near paris ????????
the amount of people who have made jokes to me about hurricane sandy it's getting old .
george clinton cancelled due to hurricane fuckin sandy .
i've done extensive reporting on the nepal earthquake . still a very important story .
state of the vin project communities after the
come on france it's not syria it's israel
mourns in a lyrical and poetic way - my short report (in the colours of france )
walking back to the truck . they are limiting traffic to the area . pr firm is at work .
ferguson records are fertile ground , for investigative analysis . items uncovered already portray specific citizens under siege .#ferguson
but where do the candidates stand on the hurricane ???
so wait this hurricane isn't really going to be as big as they thought ?
disgusts me that people can assume all democrats or obama supporters are lazy .
not all white people voted for romney . ' not all black people voted for obama .. seriously ._____.
are data centers relevant at sxsw ? i'll be in austin mar 9 - 14, 2012 : sxsw interactive is ma
are data centers relevant at sxsw ? i'll be in austin mar 9 - 14, 2012
why are niggers so excited about obama winning ??? i mean this is his second term n he still won't do shit for you !!!
nice news to wake up to . at least the us didn't go too crazy
sandy slams east coast ; millions without power via
nope , the wind isn't bothering these . enjoying the wind from
happy st patricks day from all at xx
hi love !!! how are you ? happy st . patrick's day !
think all votes so far have been made by dyslexics
the vote is no to independent by 54 % as counting onto decision .
woke up to the best news yaaaas obama ! thank god for that
congrats obama ! i'm so glad to hear the news . i knew it all along ! you always had my support since then ! congratulations !
thoughts and prayers with our canadian soldier shot on parliament hill .
i hope it goes without saying , but my heart aches for the people of right now , especially those working on parliament hill .
a foot of snow and wind chills 20 below freezing . happy st . patricks day
happy st patrick's day xxxxx love you follow me please xx
rt : hong kong leader's daughter thanks taxpayers for all her 'beautiful shoes '
what a disgrace . hk gov allegedly used hired thugs to intimidate student protesters into leaving . not the hong kong i know .
hurricane forces to balance governing , campaigning reut .rs
i'm jealous i'm not home for the hurricane ! :(
just walked the dressing room staircase at the riverside . i might be a little out of shape .hello st . patrick's day resolution !
i need to take a walk but it's saint patrick's day weekend so there's a legitimate chance that i'll be literally murdered by a drunk driver .
rt when called upon malafeev has been excellent .
that's more like it malafeev . great keeping
how helped transform from a hurricane into a :
hurricane babies : sandy might trigger labor : some doctors say barometric pressure in a hurricane can trigger labor ; and many believe
tarren doesnt text me back , which means she voted for mitt .
everyone vote obama or you will die !!
co-pilot was treated for suicidal tendencies before becoming a pilot , prosecutor says
prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot was treated years ago for suicidal tendencies (from
perfect timing got to work just as lescott scored ! :d
is there a site to follow online ? i mean just like cricinfo updates . unable to catch it on television .
todaygrilled reuben with slaw ! happy st . patrick's day !
this for my peoples since i'm part irish happy st patricks day
: extensive damage to cane fields following hurricane sandy , have dashed hopes of a bumper sugar cane crop for 2012 /13.
rt hurricane sandy got the best of knicks forward car --
ahmadsufyan : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake .
r22023981 : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake .
change clothes , scratch balls , jump into bed football today , don't bother me .
come on then , who's going to win tonight ? i'm going for italy !
2016 chief pledges to protect fans after read more here -
tucson news now : french official names alleged 'mastermind' of paris attacks
is full of brave , intelligent and kind people . i love ottawa more every day .
ctv : 70 high-tech security cameras on . will be used in investigation of .
good save from de greece keeper poland looking goodsome atmosphere
adam hill spotted in the crowd for the opening euro 2012 game between poland and greece
earthquake in nepal n north india shook my mind !..i hope every thing turns normal with in no time
earthquake strike nepal badly , also hit india , latest updates
who was the first person out for saint patricks day ? patty o'furniture .. k today can be done now .
happy st patrick's day go bragh
[bella naija ] fao warns of ebola danger through consumption of wildlife species including
[bella naija ] fao warns of ebola danger through consumption of wildlife species including bush meat fruit bats
g + the ebola crisis in west africa grows more out of control with 539 dead from the outbreak .
ebola crisis in west africa deepens , more than 500 dead hiu !
ebola : 50 cases and 25 deaths reported in sierra leone , liberia and guinea : world health organisation says lat
ebola : 50 cases and 25 deaths reported in sierra leone , liberia and guinea : world health organisatio
said from the beginning that spain would win and i'm stickin with it !!
hope for a good game and the team who wins deserves it . either way i'll be celebrating
happy saint patrick's day !! stout alternative to guiness why not try
everyone is irish today ! happy saint patrick's day !
here we go again !!!rob ford has a problem with st . patrick's day .
just thinking back to st patricks day last year , how things have changed :/
u .s. doctor and lawyer friend heralded at helping first responders in brussels attack cites john kerry in terror update .
us official says 2 americans killed in brussels attacks via
st patricks day follow back ?
happy st . patrick's day harry , hope you have a great day ! :)
i feel so bad to those waking up to the mess sandy made . the day after a hurricane with no power , flooding , etc . is sooo annoying .
i'm here to tell you that don't have to be outdoors to be nasty . the indoor version can be worse ! wife's n
i got 99 problems , but mitt ain't onehopefully .
hov said he got 99 problems but mitt ain't 1
fowler outspoken lecture : patrick a . polk on sinful saints and saintly sinners at the margi
why are you doing this to me saint patrick ??????
he said hurricane katrina ??? what ???
did stern just say hurricane katrina ?
so according to the hurricane sandy accounts i can infer that she is an angry middle aged black women
you know your fucked up in the head when you make a hurricane sandy account and tweet shit like that .
man this paris thing is gonna suck for a large majority of my family . hope they're okay
my thoughts going out to paris tonight .
hurricane must be a blonde ! what hurricane makes a left at atlantic city ?
hurricane sandy knocked out my internet !!
proper tipple . not only from chicago , but the brew you see pretty much everywhere there . (and chicago =obama.)
if u voting for romney unfollow me ! don't be tryna fuck up our country !
got a feeling this summer is gonna be the best one yet
orangebus to arrive in krakow today as planned . tomorrow its back in our hands for the last 1250 km
turn the telly off when you're shooting a video !
police say the shooter in ottawa had a long criminal record in both quebec bc . details at 6
happy st . patrick's day , everybody . have fun and drink responsibly .
happy st . patrick's day ! i hope you have an amazing day !
what a shame was a right finish but offside lol
last kick if the game is a correctly disallowed czech goal it ends 4 -1 and a very fluid russian team can feel confident after that
seriously . i think this hurricane is a chicken . i'm bored with this .
you mean that hurricane sulfur (or whatever it's called ) that's starting from connecticut to ontario ?
did david stern just say his thoughts go out to ppl hurt hurt by hurricane katrina -_- it's
yes , david stern said hurricane katrina
you should have a hurricane birthday party .
rofl obama canceled his own campaigning in va due to hurricane , but is sending biden right into it in pa !
update on hurricane sandy coming up -tyler
damn looking at the newa hurricane sandy coming for us
happy st patricks day ! jbz 13
no probsbil keep rting your posts happy st patricks day to you ;) x
[wired] retail : how store shelves stay stocked even after a sandy-sized disaster : empty supermarket shelves in m
retail : how store shelves stay stocked even after a sandy-sized disaster : empty supermarket shelves in mo
i find your promoting /drinking beer on your news show offensive - will you stop it like you censored the cover ?
magazine on the shelves again tomorrow . do not forget to buy !
happy st . patricks day ! make your day lucky !
happy st .patricks day too niall ..:))xx
so sad for the people and victims in my beloved paris !! please pray for the hostages and those suffering there tonight .
it makes me absolutely sick that people can do what the terrorists are doing in paris . how can they have such little goodness in them ???
the next 4 years as obama being our president
yes and we have obama , as our president , again . ^_^
i literally didn't go to bed till 2 :30am because of the sydney siege it's crazy how much it impacts you once things like this happen (c)
thoughts go to the families who've lost loved ones in the very sad day
hehe .. it's st . patrick's day :)#gettinmyirishon
we should have school off today because it's st .patricks day and i'm irish .
enjoy the massages , we are on our way to visit our last school , right here in , texas
anyone at sxsw this weekend ? our session is show & smell : marketing experiences beyond visual . fri 5 p intercontinental
what about this hurricane sandy that's coming this way though ?
so should i actually prepare for hurricane sandy ?
my dads voting for romney if he votes . my mom and i are voting for obama . we have differing opinions on stuff .
we need a british obama lol
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of the
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at the adaptive learning center !
im not irish what you mean happy st patricks day lol
video : slaughterhouse full performance at sxsw ft araabmuzik : check out this classic performance from slaugh
video : slaughterhouse full performance at sxsw ft araabmuzik
im sorry we have a hurricane to worry about right now ..geesh
just blocked all those hurricane sandy accounts because i have a deadly allergy to asinine garbage .
hurricane sandy . wet and wild just like me . :-)
foxnews : millions brace for hit from hurricane sandy -
tomorrow is officially st . patrick's day and because i am very irish , that means that we have big , big plans ! i'm so excited !
tomorrows st patricks day and also mamas birthday aye
will affect indiana , bringing 30 -50mph winds (60mph possible for across most of the state until tuesday
thats a good distraction from the hurricane - youre too kind sir ;)
that's why he is number 1 what a save ..
joe hart save better than lescotts header !
happy st patrick's day to all who celebrate it !!!
already got the st patricks day outfit layed out
u a gay latino mannot sure y u would vote for romney ?
if ohio votes for romney , i'll dona free show for the state !!! come on ohio !!!
stay cool lezlie . pres obama's states haven't come in yet . we are confident that voters made the right choice in !
. is the political version of dan patrick . i'd watch him recite the phone book .
dealbook : the fallout from attacks is measured in more than stock markets : the attack in paris could have far-reaching implications f
dealbook : the fallout from attacks is measured in more than stock markets : the attack in paris could have far -
get huntelaar on and he'll grab a few
we need to stop playing like barca and start attacking straight thro wings ..non of that pass pass shit works
can't believe what's going on in paris , so shocking .
hard to keep up . four confirmed by u .s. media , but there may be as many as six attacks in paris , according to french media .
somebody should drive down to sxsw this weekend
sxsw tuesday .. when they start kicking out the nerds in t-shirts advertising their start-ups and replacing them with girls with purple hair .
president obama ..2012now that what's hot
obama's just a little bit of a legend , isn't he !
happy st patricks day to the in green !
it's st . patrick's day , so let's talk about (not) looking for greener grass via
65 people already dead because of this hurricane ?! wow
going swimming with shannon 3 hurricane sandy your nothing
happy st patricks day all ! praying lord's blessings for you all !
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/go8oxapdm0
obama win , bulls winits a good effin night
people are stupid .. well lets face he's been runnin us into the ground since 2008 . obama lets watch you run america into the ground more
i thought the name of the cartoon magazine was charlie hebdo and it wasn't actually a person
the brothers who attacked charlie hebdo : cherif kouachi was a ladies man who belted out rap lyrics and a forme
today we remember jackie robinson , a heroic figure of nonviolence . i pray his example will rub off as we ponder today's tragedy in boston .
9 /11, aurora , sandy hook , boston , oklahoma city , v tech , uss cole , embassies , columbine etc . enough . justice by any m
if kisses were raindrops i'd send you hurricane sandy .
so oakland is on the way to taking another w which is nice but i also have a hurricane working its way towards me . no good .
st . patricks day is easy when you're a duck !!!
it's st . patricks day and i want to go party but it's monday and there's nothing to so .
attention football fans , players now leaving the field here we go
happy superbowl sunday ! which are you more excited for the game or the commercials and halftime show ?
someone should enlighten me .what the hell is ebola
ebola has crossed into nigeria now . but who cares , right ?
a profanity-laced response to the paris attacks : john oliver said what we all want to say about
a profanity-laced response to the paris attacks
we all need to pray for people that were injured during the boston marathon .
explosions rock boston marathon finish line ; dozens injured - pictures-the boston globe amazing 2 nd picture
all these heroes who are doing their job protecting boston tonight are paid with taxes !
so my cousin was suppose to be in boston today for the marathon and luckily she couldn't get off work .. just imagining that she could be (c)
devastated to hear a major earthquake in . my prayers and thought goes out with the victim's families and to the nepal people .
powerful earthquake hit nepal , leaving min . 600 people dead . we're on the ground coordinating a response . help now :
i'd be so terrified if i was in boston now
my friends in boston are okay .. i wish everyone else could say the same ..
earth changes guided mass meditation - west coast earthquake hurricane : via
helping affiliated life-affirming organizations --post sandy (halo)
obama dances while brussels burns : president ignores calls to come home in wake of terror : the protesters
more about the brussels attackers watch at :
s leone hunts seized ebola patient : a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capit
: s leone hunts seized ebola patient - a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freetown , for a woman wi
looks interesting : time-lapse : sandy snuffs nyc lights : time-lapse video shows sandy rolling into manhattan from
new blog post time-lapse : sandy snuffs nyc lights : time-lapse video shows sandy rolling into manhattan from the
about the storm . at least three of a scientific renaming that had reclassified the national hurricane center said .
feel so sorry for all of those people on the east coast of america
happy st patricks day everyone , especially all my fellow irish out thre !many pints of guiness will be had today i can imagine
happy st . patrick's day to all ! irish blessings to each of you today and always !
sandy deal with ny a way . jah know .
thank you sandy . now i can't go to nyc for thanksgiving .
south by southwest : is cnn buying mashable ? - felix tv | video : breaking news from sxsw : reuters blogger fel
good list of bad band names here :
i would vote for joseph kony before i would vote for mitt romney
i got the presidents back . a vote obama is a vote for a brighter tomorrow .#voteobama
yardbarker : david stern confuses hurricane sandy with katrina viaretire now
then you should thank hurricane sandy for not letting you watch them
i dont think i can love paris more than i do
so sad and angry about the violence in paris today
happy st patricks day foy u too !!
happy st patrick's day . nice pics .
so sorry to even ask (it's none of my business , and paris is huge ) but i thought of you immediately !
for every non-muslim killed in paris , hang 100 muslim men . if it happens again , hang 1,000 . then 10,000 . then start hanging the women .
please help us reach our goal and support new artists ! hurricane sandy can't stop us !
dont get run over by sandy !
fuck sandy she can suck my d !
everyone watch out , sandy is coming !!!
ladies rule for 2014 and forward if you are wearing green panties on st patrick's day you must show me so i know it's real
a little bit of irish music on st patrick's day is essential .
i'm horrified and unfathomed . my thoughts and prayers go out to not just the victims in paris but anybody that is affected by violence
yikes my cousins live in the middle of paris
public alerts on google search and maps for android for superstorm sandy preparedness information : earlier today
google blog : public alerts on google search and maps for android for superstorm sandy preparedness infor
cdc warns travelers amid ebola outbreak : the cdc issued its first high-level travel warning in more
cdc warns travelers amid ebola outbreak : the cdc issued its first high-level travel warning in more than a dec
[nyt.bits] sxsw interactive 2012 : saddle up and geek out : it's that time of year again for start-ups , breakfast
theepro : sxsw interactive 2012 : saddle up and geek out : it's that time of year again for start-ups , breakfast ta
elviis full episode : nightline 03 /26/15: germanwings plane crash's terrifying final moments : as investigator
full episode : nightline 03 /26/15: germanwings plane crash's terrifying final moments : as inv via :
thank you for setting up this special account for hurricane
rock of ages (rock you like a hurricane ) (mp3 music ): rock of ages (rock you like a hurricane ) (mp
happy st . patricks day everyone ! why not treat yourself to a green anchor hat ?
we would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day ! where your green caddy clipz every day you play .
hurricane sandy destory queens ny and new jesery what disaster
new video : country stars react to sandy at the cma awards
sydney live : indian among hostages inside lindt cafe , says venkaiah naidu
i just heard about what happened in sydney i hope everyone is okay and safe
just found out i'm irish , happy st .patrick's day
is st . patricks day over yet ? i'm over it .
m-o 0 se : p1nky -swear: queue bc hurricanehey i have that bedding
nyc marathon canceled after all . the effects of are still being felt .
many thanks to all those who celebrated st . patrick's day with us . congratulations to our winners of 3 ounces of gold ! until next year
st patrick's day . me . aunty anne and keely . and r ebz
is ebola heading to a city near you ? via
ebola in west africa : conakry will host a regional coordination center
ron paul : the inconvenient truth about the paris attacks | the crux i'm with the elder paul on this one .
following paris terror attacks , only three |
a who ready for dat hurricane b-more
good lord east coast i hope hurricane sandy calms the fuck down
why do cops in have military equipment ?
cops in wit fingers on the trigger . will there be more blood shed
y'al taking dz ebola virus as a joke ,til some 1 u care abt gets infected .#jussaying
the ebola virus has been detected in nigeria .
obama is such a lad , he gets all the bitches
me ! i'm still kicking post-obama rally in co . catching up on twitter and fb after a long lockout (for security ).
ebola virus dororampant everybody doroscary buh me still dorogallant
no whoop ! just got a bc reporting the first case of ebola virus in lagos at obalende area .
happy st . patricks day to all my friends !!! hope everyone has a great day ! x
happy st . patrick's day ! kiss me , i'm irish :-d
lets do st . patrick's day shit
i know we late but happy st patrick's day
a reminder to keep an eye on for the latest news about in
come on god ! gimme some good news from australia . i pray all hostages come home to their loved ones safe .
di natale (a real striker ) puts one in 1 -0 italy . that is a slight at both balotelli and spain's current formation
3 min on the pitch 1 :0 that's how you do it
the feeling is so strange , our roots so deep it makes us strong people a little tear gas ain't hurting nobody
this isn't what america stands for . this is nothing near what america stands for .
thanks , even if i'm french but absolutely not in paris .
paris , im sorry - stay stong
tomorrow is ! get ready and be prepared today !
tomorrow we make history !! again ! are you ready ? i've got backdo you ?
celtics got no luck even on st patricks day ?
these white people are pumped for st .patricks day in my neighborhood
happy st patricks day to the irish today !
happy st . patrick's day lattiessss !
news ! what about haiti ?: haitians say their livelihoods have been washed away by hurricane sandy , as the full ex
what about haiti ?: haitians say their livelihoods have been washed away by hurricane sandy , as the full extent o
will be voting early tomorrow morning . obama /biden 2012
im goin republican . voting for mitt romney ! you lazy bitches is fuckin up the economyy !
hurricane more like you didnt do shit and just gave me an excuse to get
eyes and nose are burning from the smoke . is it over yet ?
it's such a tragedy that young children died today while running in support of other young children who died in dec
pray for boston and fuck that evil hearted sick bastard who would do that
genius . springsteen performs obama campaign song he wrote . rhymes pajamas with obama .
if obama doesn't win america , you'll have a homophobic bitch as a president oh and for 4 fucking years .
this hurricane is barely going to hit us . they always stress us out and then nothing happens .
that hurricane shits corny just stop
great day out in new york today . same again tomorrow for st .patrick's day !
tomorrow is , i'm a st . patricks day baby .
hardcore dancing outside of skrillex concert ahhhh
wow--thank u jesse dayton , john doe , ken stringfellow , ian moore , justin townes earle , 2 /3 of rem blitzentrapper for making my day !
are we watching the same police department in action that is responsible for the death of in ?
america is now plagued by people that feel that they are immune to the laws of this country .
i just unlocked st . patrick's day (2014) and brew traveler badges , badges : 292 on untappd via
holy shit forgot it was st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day rosie temple
hello sweeties and happy st patrick's day !
why the big paris clue is not what it seems
why is anyone shocked and surprised ? paris attacks put dagger through heart of liberal europe | via
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african st
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a commo
ahahahah david stern said hurricane katrina .
so david stern said hurricane katrina .. ok
thats why u shifted what a mess made but corruption race tensions always wins in sick
agreed . black overwhelming majority of will elect a black mayor , council - and abolish that white local police force .
happy st . patrick's day ! sorry we're closed due to the weather . be safe out there .
corned beef and cabbage . need i say more . happy st . patricks day !!!!
la news reporting at its finest ! ktla st patricks day earthquake 3 /17/2014: via
dear today show : enrique iglesias ? its st patricks day ! we couldnt get something a little more irish ? really ?
mats hummels has been magnificent ! he's snuffed out almost all portugal's attacks !
portugal are trying very hard not to score
analysis of terror attacks in brussels : the terror attacks in brussels , belgium left dozens dead and hundreds
analysis of terror attacks in brussels : the terror attacks in brussels , belgium left dozens dead and hun
lord , please let romney win this election .
really praying romney wins this election .
i don't think about st .patrick's, i think about the beer and the females ..
happy st . patrick's day + 5 new jobs posted
austin case modders take their exotic pcs and a giant lan party to sxsw (video): as a nexus of both computer pro
slashdot : austin case modders take their exotic pcs and a giant lan party to sxsw (video): as a nexus of both co
just heard somefin about ebola virus outbreak in a hospital at obalende . how true is dat ?
g + the sensitization team for ebola is out now
i'm sittin in my basement all alone , cheesin like crazy watching obama !!
where my people at lets roast this racist hoe ------
love to boston . vine from the lovely
it's funny how we're all crying over what happened in boston but yet we do that shit everyday in war countries
rigging an election is easy !! hacking voting machines ? a breeze !
va holds release of #s because people are still in line . polls closed at 7
charlie hebdo has been avenged !
my thoughts on charlie hebdo and other things . read it if you please
hurricane sandy keeps sewickley stores busy : although safran was notified monday the store's delivery truck woul
hurricane sandy just tried to rape
to al people out where hurricane sandy is , stay safe ! my heart goes out to you ! 3
[breitbart] ny times slams romney as sandy slams new york
also well done for holding a moment of silence for fallen soldier in ottawa today . making fans from canada proud
was in ottawa and am a member of the caf . i couldn't agree more - let's be smart and thorough but also fair and inclusive .
poland v greece should be good game !!! i'm cheering poland !!
if you don't like the sport thats your choice . soccer has been around for ever !
but today is st patricks day . just the same as xmas is the 25 th etc
on st . patrick's day : how irish are you ? via
my love goes out to paris and to the families affected by all this .
in light of tonight's events , show everyone you meet kindness . never let terrorists take your compassion .
it's actually written in the football laws that every german international side has to include a muller .
totally distorts the groups . 2 teams who should have been first seeds become second seeds .
nyc preppers ? real hurricane vs imaginry appoc ! :-)
new post up abt eating w / fam in nj after hurricane sandy . hope everyone has hot food shelter .
happy st .patrick day to all my ex patricians friends .
rocking my shirt happy st .patrick's day
my heart goes out to the people of paris after those terrible bombings . stay strong folks - justice will be well deserved .
love goes out to everyone in paris .
u .s.: where's our 'copter in nepal ?: the search mission for the missing u .s. marine helicopter is more likely
u .s.: where's our 'copter in nepal ?: the search mission for the missing u .s. marine helicopter
boston police say this was a well planned attack , they have no suspect in custody .
prayers are going out to boston whoever did this needs to be found
wand : st . patrick's day festivities begin today . are you all out enjoying the weather ?: st . patrick's day fest
wand-tv : st . patrick's day festivities begin today . are you all out enjoying the weather ?
may your home always be too small to hold all your friends . ~ irish blessing happy st . patrick's day !
i'm so happy that i'm 1 /16383862819192 irish . happy st patricks day everyone
you can see photos from the scene of the hostage situation in sydney , australia here :
our hearts go out to our friends in sydney
breaking : according to the icij , after numerous attempts for comment , has still not responded .
maybe because cnn has investments with
- 11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting by
awful . awful . awful . mt breaking charlie hebdo latest : 11 dead 10 wounded 2 gunmen unaccounted for
: watch : timeline of germanwings co-pilot's murderous act : investigators piece togeth via
watch : timeline of germanwings co-pilot's murderous act : investigators piece togeth
happy st patricks day to all my irish folks !!
i always get random presents on st patricks day lol
dang .. tomorrow is st patrick's day
barely found out tomorrow is st .patrick's day ,
alert : foreign office confirms death of briton david dixon in brussels terror attacks - pa
skynews : foreign office has confirmed 53 -year-old briton david dixon from hartlepool died in the attacks
obama wants to help everybody . romney wants to help only a certain group of people and we know who that is
is anybody else's video stuck on the berman /romney interview screen or is just my shitty cable ?
you got me again st . patricks day
so how was ur st patrick's day yesterday
i'm just happy .root canal and obama re-elected !
the washington dc branch of u-haul is already complaining of a business decline due to obama re-election .
i'm not even doing anything for st .patrick's day
good day today ! and happy st patrick's day !
shoot unarmed in the back . erupts . make a bad name for . ok , but protest valid
we all need to be alert on what's happening in the world , seriously . history repeats
how to live well in 100 square feet jay shafer at sxsw 2012 | apartment therapy
design you will like how to live well in 100 square feet jay shafer at sxsw 2012 :
up to 1,000 europeans missing after nepal quake - envoy : kathmandu (reuters) - nepali and fo vi
up to 1,000 europeans missing after nepal quake - envoy : kathmandu (reuters) - nepali and foreign officials we
philippine capital braces for storm , as hagupit leaves 27 dead - reuters : reutersphilippine capital braces for
southern luzon and metro manila , brace for the effects of tropical storm (hagupit)
nepal earthquake : help the affected children and families | unicef usa
tsarnaev update , boston's response to nepal earthquake kelly beatty of sky and telescope magazine via
just in : brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report | via
: brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report
i didnt even know it was st patricks day and i'm like full irish
happy st patrick's day i'm really sweaty today
texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia : gripping footage shows resc (telg)
texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia : gripping footage shows rescu
happy st patrick's day pricks
happy st .patricks day how is everyone celebrating ?
almost threw my phone at the tv if russia scored again .. and woah hotties with their shirts off at the
arshavin looks like he gives an arse at this euros
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak from
(#team lil wayne ) african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces
did you not hear what i just said ? obama respects legal immigrants and kicks out illegal ones so again please get some facts
i almost threw my remote at my tv when a mitt romney ad came up . ondemand caught me by surprise . so glad those are over .
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pumm5bbljr
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gbkkwwxsgr
happy st patricks day ash !!
what do you mean he's following the greenedge bus ? i know it's st patricks day but !
omg i hate that bitch call sandy storm why the hell she had to do usa like that especially ny its really badd
sandy ! u r too much ..stop blowing all my leaves off !!
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/waizmjtudn
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bcpoqnoizf
i hope nobody i follow or follows me or anything is in boston or their family is hurt .
thoughts prayers to all in boston at this time
paris attack further complicates refugee crisis : the international response to the refugee crisis h (usatoday)
dtn world news : paris attack further complicates refugee crisis : the international response to the refugee cri
8 -minute descent to death : for the 150 people on board germanwings flight 9525, they were the last eig
8 -minute descent to death : for the 150 people on board germanwings flight 9525, they were the last
my heart goes out to all those affected by the earthquake in nepal .
so an earthquake has happened in nepal :/
what i'd ask leader - 3 questions for cy leung
what i'd ask leader - 3 questions for cy leung via
happy st . patrick's day kingston ! :)
happy st . patrick's day , y'all ! how are you planning to celebrate ?
happy st . patricks day . traditional irish food today !! come enjoy !
wait i didnt know its st . patricks day
friends and family of sydney hostages tell intense tale of captivity - fox news : fox news
friends and family of sydney hostages tell intense tale of captivity - fox news : fox newsfriends and family of sydney hostages tell i
sadly i think romney is going to win
romney , michelle obama plan 11 th-hour rallies in central florida monday - do
86 years and sandy comes and fucks it up .
andrew sucked . katrina sucked . sandy sucked . know what else sucks ? people belittling others thinking their struggle was more noteworthy .
hurricane patricia is trying to show her wrath with mexico . lord be with them .
hows patricia doing ?.i heard she was about to wipe mexico off the map
romney a gave a great classy concession speech , we now have to focus on 2016 -start now - paul ryan for
romney concedes in time for . oh , and fuck karl rove .
happy st patrick's day . irish dancers will perform at 130 pm during afternoon tea
happy st .patricks day :d xx
st . patrick's day . kiss me , i'm black
this is the shittest st patricks day to ever exist
hurricane sandy is coming , spongebob and patrick better watch out !
what happened to hurricane sandy ? i was beginning to get excited
i love how romney thanks the wives and daughters for supporting their husbands and fathers . because , you know , that's what
obama /romney? who cares ?! has been champ for almost 1 year !
what if stores just pay the weather channel to say there is a hurricane coming so more people buy stuff ?
hurricane satan is going to kill us all
bout to call it a night gotta get up early to vote
chris berman isn't winning any awards after that interview with obama ..oy
great concession speech by romney . i hope a lot of african leaders can pick from that . need not be partisan but need be about
you too were crying every time you heard another campaign add on the radio for mitt romney or bronco bamma ?
a green russian for st patrick's day .
happy st patrick's day !! let's get some beer !
i'm glad i'm not the only one who heard obamas slogan in his non political speech concerning sandy - o doesn't know the word non political
my thoughts and prayers go out to all those devastated by hurricane . it is truly sobering to see the images and videos shared .
my answer to how can we donate something to nepal earthquake victims from chattisgarh , india ?
nepal's earthquake destroyed my hometown , and help has yet to arrive
typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (reuters) - typhoon hag
typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (reut
happy st . patricks ' day ! a bit of i found for y'all on .
but all that aside . happy st patrick's day everyone !
why , why does balotelli feel the need for a hat-trick mara *smh*
ladotelli up to his usual tricks as per !
people marking in as safe from the earthquake in nepal ? you live in liverpool soft twats
don't understand why there are people marking themselves safe in the nepal earthquake like its some kind of joke ?
on puddle jumper from denver to palm springs ,lovely lady sitting next 2 me - converted 2 catholicism from judaism and voting for romney .
if you're voting for romney voting starts november 7 th
hope you and your family are doing well during this hurricane stay safe .
only call 9 -1-1 in life and death emergency , otherwise call 3 -1-1.
latest buzz and reviews for english bar restaurant : -
anybody have the skinny on the victorian halls show ? gotta get my fix of some blood brothers-esque rock !
mlb also blamed their low world series ratings on hurricane sandy as well lol .
wow cant go on psn because hurricane sandy fucked it up
thank you david beckham for not being afraid to exploit yourself . thank you very much
david beckham underwear commercial - i want to watch muscular , sweaty men piling on top of each other , but no gay stuff .
news us : fcc on sandy : cell service likely to get worse before it gets better - cnet : france 24 fcc on sandy : c
fcc on sandy : cell service likely to get worse before it gets better - cnet : france 24 fcc on sandy : cell service
save during sxsw with what the truck ?
here is a breakdown of all of our bands performing at sxsw 2012 . stop by any of .
world news : ebola : liberia shuts all schools : liberia's government announced it is closing down all schools ac
ebola : liberia shuts all schools : liberia's government announced it is closing down all schools across the bbc
'charlie hebdo ' attack punctuates exisiting political tensions : robert siegel talks to patrick weil , professor and senior research fe
: 'charlie hebdo ' attack punctuates exisiting political tensions : robert siegel talks via
st . patrick's day and the irish in america
st patrick's day parade about to start
paris , brussels militant network being wiped out : french president : the terrorist network behind a
huge network | brussels stories : grief for the lost , hope for the missing
first signs of damage as typhoon hagupit hits the philippines
latest : typhoon hagupit hits philippines
has announced country wide protests against the barbaric attacks in gaza .
thanks morocco for protest against isreali aggression in gaza
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please help and //t.co/keldorb0qz
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please spread please //t.co/fs9ms9jb6r
all they want is one ! stop sending thousands of cops ! all they want is one ! arrest the one who killed now !
watching coverage live . there are several trying damn hard to keep the peace .
the death toll in nepal has it 3,700 . we talk to people there and an earthquake expert who saw this coming . kn
our thoughts and sympathies go out to the people of nepal .
update from npfs haiti : hurricane sandy has arrived but all are doing fine . this morning school was canceled , and
our planet right now (via living earth hd hurricane
i hope our ottawa colleagues remain safe . our thoughts are with all of the heroes keeping terrorism at bay . take care .
many don't know it yet , but the canadian charter of rights and freedoms died today .
boycotting it again myself . mt guinness withdraws sponsorship of st . patrick's day parade
hiii ! happy st . patricks day :)) iloveyou so much :)) how are you ?
there's another reason tomorrow's st patricks day too
so niall are you excited for st patrick's day
sooo the washington office just so happens to be conveniently shut down on st . patricks day ?? coincidence ? i think not !!
what are we supposed to do on st patricks day ?
liberia : sirleaf announces tough new measures against ebola : [liberia govt ]special statement by the chair of t
[aa] liberia : sirleaf announces tough new measures against ebola : [liberia govt ]special statement by the
pray for paris . i hope there is no more those horrible battle terrorism .
this planet will not be the same without your loved ones . our hearts and souls are broken .
happy st . patrick's day from in memphis !
will you indulge in celebration of st . patrick's day ?
happy st . patrick's day . the health benefits of
gooood morning baby ! for you happy st . patrick's day
i would like to say i have a wishlist but i would rather you donate to red cross for the victim's of hurricane sandy
our hearts go out to everyone affected by hurricane sandy ! stay safe !
it's getting ugly in nyc after hurricane sandy
help support the victims of hurricane sandy !! cbs 3 presents (cont)
corpse of first ebola patient in lagos burnt : the remains of the first victim of ebola di vi
corpse of first ebola patient in lagos burnt : the remains of the first victim of ebola disease in nigeria ,
it makes me furious 2 c people quote a peaceful quran passage with , yet there's a 164 jihad versus to inspire these assholes !
sad to see what happened in paris . gives me more motivation to train harder everyday so stuff like that won't happen
[bbc] liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control the s
liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control the s
many people to thank for making today possible , st . patrick , guinness , the boys at 54 division and the peter munk cardiac center , see u soon
metro setting up dui checkpoint for st . patrick's day
if the hurricane isn't supposed to hit until tomorrow night , someone tell me why we wouldn't have at least a half day of school tomorrow ?
saying hurricane sandy is reaching southern ontario tomorrow ! bare people get to go swimming .
am i right in understanding that the only people picking romney to win are a bunch of conservative commentators and wapo's horse racing guy ?
i'm for obama but that doesn't mean i'm going to down romney
photoset : allknowledgeispower : happening now : houston in solidarity w / - photos by
what's happening in shows how important local and state elections are everywhere .
am i the only person who could not give a crap about st patrick day
happy st . patrick's day , today's t (~);}
wow , star wars knocked sandy off twitter . that's quite an acomplishment .
hurricane sandy , your just somebody i used to know .
obama got reelected , ganja is legal in wa and or , same-sex marriage is legal in md and me , and my us visa is valid for 4 more years .
so apparently being pro-obama is unchristian
you can expect to receive the weekly hedge funds brief at its regular time tomorrow . some sections may be sacrificed due to the hurricane
i'd headbutt a hurricane right now !
cannot even fathom the damage in nepal , heart breaking
praying for our friends and everyone in nepal .
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/z3tljqp3ud
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/1tyfvxvm6q
if all these people suddenly so concerned for britain's homeless took someone in , there'd be none left .
well done bob geldof . perhaps it time for another live aid
sxsw 2012 : food trumps events on social media [infographic]: the weekend may be over , but sxsw ,
seo analytics - sxsw 2012 : food trumps events on social media [infographic]: the weekend may be over , but s
alwan and sons meat co . in peoria will sell 8 -9,000 lbs of chicken wings this week . that's aprox . 30,000 wings .
can't stop thinking about the right now . ready for history to repeat itself .
thinking about sydney australia and praying no hostages were harmed
sydney siege gunman motivated by australia's involvement in afghanistan . apology ?
my heart hurts for paris . such awful and scary news .
everyone in paris and near by please stay safe !
doubly painful on the basis i was hoping to draw the netherlands
hoping for an early rvp injury so my man huntelaar can come on
u .s. buildings light up for brussels victims : the world trade center in new york pays tribute to the victims o
my heart goes out to the people of brussels , including my 3 rd cousins on the calbrecht side
would folks offended by saying charlie hebdo toons are racist also jump to defend a muslim magazine ridiculing every european nationality ?
kid come in france ! done us a representation in solidarity for charlie hebdo
happy st .patricks day to our irish friends .
happy st patrick day harold !
follow me liam our halloween got cancelled coz of the hurricane
rockin the recovery ! lis billy joel njs bruce springsteen to do friday benefit for victims !
second half spain vs italy !
kick off 2 nd half spain vs italy
happy st patrick's day to all from the mac's
o yeah its st patricks day
reports coming in of one pilot locked out of cockpit on ill-fated flight .
nyt : one pilot was locked out of cockpit before plane crash in france
relief work on hold in nepal as rescue takes priority again after after
relief work on hold in nepal as rescue takes priority again after aftershocks : just as it seemed that nepal ha
just goes to show doesn't it ? obama gives a meaningful speech on tv for paris ..while david cameron just gives a tweet ..
news from paris is heartbreaking . thoughts are with all those affected .
: my response was to say that my people--humans , citizens and , yes , black people--should be outraged !
how long till the looting starts ?
video : watch : aftermath of brussels airport blasts via
i liked a video from two explosions heard at brussels airport 22 -03-2016
happy st . patrick's day for you too lujan
happy st . patrick's day from the ladies at absolutely in ! how are you celebrating today ?
haha no , it seems to follow everyone like a shadow . i figure obama will be re-elected .
it's bad to assume all of your followers are pro-obama . if i were american i'd be romney (british conservative ). with love !
hurricane sandy makes landfall in n .j
hope your invoices are not blown away by the hurricane
why did weather system danny have to go and make so bad ? she used to be such a nice , safe storm !
sorry new york , but i'm glad that sandy is far away from south carolina .
please rt for my friend sam !! she would be over the moon . happy st . patricks day x
happy st . patrick's day from mr . mustachio .
new blog post halloween spirit lives despite sandy : halloween will come a little late for some this year , thanks
halloween spirit lives despite sandy : halloween will come a little late for some this year , thanks to supe
new post : paul ryan in castle rock : romney ;will become a great president ;
obama will win chicago anyway plus these elections are rigged .
nice summary of the factors influencing hurricane sandy :
watching my lil russian baby friend then back to the books /trauma paper . 1 class day left then 3 days off , just in time for hurricane sandy .
hopefully barack can help us all out , i need more money lol
waking up to find obama still in power may be the best way to start the day ! phew !
i hope everyone had a great st . patrick's day :) you know you're irish when
who honestly cares about st . patrick's day .
prayers to everyone affected by the hurricane . this is so sad :(
we really dodged hurricane sandy that bitch was wild like she aint get dha dick for decades
scotland the brave . vote yes to freedom
the union is working fine but will be better once the tories are booted out next may
psychic night fundraiser , happy st . patrick's day !
corned beef and cabbage happy st patricks day
romney who yall got ya money on tmrw ?c'mon son ..lmao
america goes to the polls today - come on obama !
blogpost : usaid arrives in nepal , earthquake response efforts begin
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/5d4ffwlbzo
i wish hurricane came bak ! .$
hurricane sandy time lapse video nasa .
alright , so who you got winning the the new england or the new york we've got the !
best halftime show i've seen in yrs
peace through strength with president mitt romney november 6, 2012 : pollock and pollock news channel
obama will be up early . then the republicans will get off work and even it up .
huh . i've now been at gamblers on july 4 th , birthday , halloween , christmas eve /day, new year's eve , a bit of valentine's st . patrick's day
why is everyone in america so obsessed with st patrick's day ? my oh and his family is irish and he wouldn't have even known it was on .
rip all of victim in sydney siege .
our hearts go out to the family friends of the victims of the sydney siege everyone else involved
hes wearing the same shirt that he was 4 years ago !
at least now he can go back to work on house party 4 ! underwood
my heart with you boston , love you
the boston redevelopment authority (bra) board voted unanimously in favor of a $150 million mixed-use project that
hope you your family and friends are safe from the hurricane :-)
how is everybody recovering from hurricane sandy ?
oh fuck it's st patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day now can i go back to ireland
hurricane sandy needs to hurry the fuck up so we don't have school tomorrow
well bitch , you better hurry up ! before sandy suck yo ass up ! heard the bitch is crazy
does going to nail spa count as hurricane preparation ?
resource : ttt hurricane map of citizen-reported /processed data via
thanks to i've learned that st . patrick wasn't even irish , today is the day that he died and that we should actually wear blue
a top o ' the (monday) morning to you ! happy st . patrick's day .
in nh , high anxiety for people with family in | new hampshire via
not as important as what is happening in south china sea or as sad as what is happening in nepal .time for bed
who's working tomorrow thanks to ??? i am . 9 -7
you know what ? fuck sandy !! i am going to the mall tomorrow .
so uh is this hurricane gonna start yet or what
ny looking epic , but very dangerous !
happy st patricks day and a happy anniversary to the irish guards
happy st patrick's day to our irish friends and clients from !
the verge - post-hurricane , new york's internet industry runs on diesel
post-hurricane , new york's internet industry runs on diesel
latest nme news - mumford and sons play potential second album material at headline sxsw show - watch : the 'sigh
mumford and sons play potential second album material at headline sxsw show - watch : the 'sigh no
this is my lazy way of saying this but happy st . patrick's day
everyone go home , this guy just won st patricks day -
sporting his st . patrick's day uniform during
how i celebrate st . patricks day
vote for obama or there will be no more mexicans to mow your lawn
sooo can we all get drunk and say fuk romney tomorro while we vote for obama ?
rep . gingrey says migrants may be bringing ebola virus through the u .s.-mexico border | politifact via
rep . phil gingrey says migrants may be bringing ebola through the u .s.-mexico border | politifact via
how much money would you pay to watch obama and romney fist fight ?
the devil u know is better than the unknown obama it is ..
how about i just blow of college and depend on unemployment , i'd be makin bank thanks barack
donald trump stop hating on obama . a lot of people dislike you . you aren't smart either . saying someone isn't smart makes you a dumbass .
twitter troll who posted fake sandy news apologizes to internet : a twitter troll who tweeted a seri
twitter troll who posted fake sandy news apologizes to internet : a twitter trol
you know , it is possible to experience a without having a hurricane . jus sayin .
hurricane sandy hitting landfall at barnegat bay areathat's my grandmas front door
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qqybjcda9l
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ujxb2ybum5
we cant wait to party with all of you guys 2 night let us know of any tables rsvps & 2 morrow
i can't wait to see madonna !
getting ready to watch germany vs italy ! are we going to see penalties again ?
4 beers ready to watch germany v italy
italy's kits look like they're made out of crimplene and need to be removed . pronto per favore !
how are you supposed to score of you have 6 midfielders 0 strikers ?
awful , completely unnecessary acts of terrorism in paris hoping for a swift solution . stay safe tout le monde !
sending all my thoughts to those in paris right now
ebay's johnna hoff reached out to ecommercebytes with welcome news for east coast sellers impacted by hurricane sandy . ebay will remove
it looks like hurricane sandy blew through my room .
happy st patrick's day ! to all my family and followers xx
thank you dear bliss happy st patricks day to you your dear family xx
interior design | happy saint patrick's day 2014
happy saint patrick's pre-day .
heart goes out to the people of paris , the world's symbol of love and courage .
back to reading up on the news .back to having our hearts ripped in two . paris , nous pleurons por vous . :( kw
no classes today ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day , bub .
when sandy hits new york , where was my first love sandy , now ?
the hurricanes : one high school team's homecoming after katrina : in august 2005, hurricane katrina pummeled the
pray for paris . god help us all . bless their souls .
my thoughts and prayers to all those in paris ! we grieve with you
oh well shite first game by ireland , lets hope england get off to a good start !
officially starts tomorrow c'mon england !! !
is it totally normal to be wide awake at 4 am ? (i'm in sweden guys !) very excited about the elecetion , go !
my dna said it was possible i have restless leg syndrome . 6 coffees + results symptoms are present ! =)
breaking : in wake of hurricane sandy , nj gov . chris christy puts politics , doughnut aside .
we have in thank god ! hope you get yours soon too nj ! you all
i really really hope things will be okay soon for japan and paris tho .
reports emerging that is have claimed responsibility for the . any confirmation
there are too many people who do not understand what this is about . someone said that the police are going against animals ! stupid
is the police chief actually supposed to be on soon ?
they playing ms . aretha franklin at hq's . r .e.s.p.e.c.t. go baby , go .
breathing a sigh of relief . tonight we can sleep well .
happy st patrick's day - thanks for the rts
clever ! happy st paddys day !
all you bitches should be home worrying about the hurricane that's but ganna happen not at subway k thanks
ghoe was great !!! had a blast seeing friends . sandy got us stranded but atleast i'm with my bestie
this is the first year that i can go out for st patricks day and i couldnt give less of a fuck
unexpected geek : st patrick's day
so many bars ! so much music !
wild belle bring psychedelic pop to sxsw : the venue antone's was packed with music fans who were curious to hear
me : is the fourth quarter the last one ?
way to be on point with advertisements , amazing job .
and i put u in it . got to go . oh happy st patrick's day as well . :)
happy st . patrick's day from woodbridge
happy st . patrick's day ! don't forget to wear your green !
happy st . patrick's day--green everything .
green pancakes today ? happy st-patrick's day !!
happy st . patrick's day ! here's some irish folk i follow :
it's hard to save an electorate that refuses to be saved . give obama what he wants for a few months . don't b
even tho romney didn't win you took it like a man i respect that man
why is hurricane sandy still on twitter ?
i hope sandy took care of the underground rat problem in lower manhattan
minor rumble in belfast but all smiles in new york as psni and garda siochana join st . patrick's day parade
happy st . patrick's day from all of your friends at my pet garden !
how romney can still win the election
rt im terrified for romney to win .
don't know your assembly district ?
don't know your congressional district ?
aint even realize it was st .patricks day tbh
just realized how old i am ..worked out and went grocery shopping on st . patricks day instead of drinking
i added a video to a playlist nepal earthquake : avalanche hits mount everest base camp
anyone out there passionate to rebuild a good nepal ? i am sure there are many .
hurricane sandy cancellations : thousands of canceled due to - :
those hurricane jokes are getting annoying .
hashing our roommate problems out .
icymi : photos from the greater butts county lions club st . patrick's day dinner /dance:
not my fault , i got hit offline by hurricane sandy .
today is about to officially become drink that bottle day
deff going driving tomorrow in the hurricane
have to say this is the quietest hurricane so far
god bless sandy for putting a stop to early voting . the left won in the courts , they can't beat mother nature .
i don't think i'm ready for sandy to come over lmbo
let's speak out and free continue to stand for freedom of speech
zuckerberg on ++ how will protect free speech ?!
t (-_-t) sandy . lying ass bitch
hope everyone back home in ny is safe today .
mitt romney betta carr his ass back to massachusetts ..
now that obama won all niggas better go to school and start gettin degrees and shit we only got 4 yrs then its back
another game will it be as good as the last ? course it will , come on ireland
live euro 2012 : ireland vs croatia
paris attacks condemned on social media [ad ]
paris attacks : 140 dead as terror strikes at heart of french capital again
instead working on sat night //t.co/orrl
right now every street in austin is rainy street - ha !
i hope that hurricane sandy blows off the roof over your room
to all my twitter family make sure you got your supplies set for _hurricane_ sandy !!! this storm is very dangerous . make
hello all ! happy st . patrick's day !
all set for st . patricks day even though i'm scottish
this is my first sober st . patrick's day in god knows how long . kudos to me
st .patricks day at the lilkim_kms drunken monkey
happy st . patricks day from sullivan supply and all the exhibitors at the !
st . patrick's day , the day you realize you have a minuscule amount of green clothes in your closet
the space between digital and business . online has cut down those firewalls . a blended space with journalists , corporate , advertising
paid or not , the thought of privileged nerds using homeless people as wifi hotspots is gross .
tracking sandy : path narrows , takes aim at new jersey
cooking plans thwarted . instead making use of what's in the fridge freezer in prep for hurricane sandy .
i have a lingering feeling that the tahoe won't survive this hurricane
yes , power outages predicted and mta shutdown after 7 pm , but the real question is : will netflix instant remain operational ?
cowen was actually expected back for the monday game , but wasnt quite ready to go in boston . good to see him back tonight
york county runners safe , but shaken during explosions in boston
(pa) .the remnants of hurricane sandy are expected to move into western pennsylvaniabriefly stall then move
.the remnants of hurricane sandy are expected to move into western pennsylvania tuesdaybriefly stall then move
if romney wins president then make some room canada cause i'm moving in :)
if you are gay or friends with someone who is , you cannot , in good conscience , vote for mitt romney . it's as simple
yo slap a white girl on the ass for me at sxsw
though the sound isn't ideal , light asylum is melting my face off
in all honesty ..i forgot it was st . patricks day
it's st . patrick's day . what's your beer of choice ?
heard there r still 1000 people in line to vote in va - might be awhile
what time is it announced like uk /irish time ?
even more reasons to love boston
our entire team has the families in boston in our thoughts today . several of our friends and patients were
monkey cage : why west african governments are struggling in response to ebola : the worst-ever ebola epidemic
monkey cage : why west african governments are struggling in response to ebola (wapo)
we just almost got into a accident on this bus they trying to take us out cuz obama won lol
i knew mr . obama would make it ! congrats
ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who fled
ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who fled to liberia from r
if romney wins i'm going to green springs !
i don't even understand this us election thing but all i know is obama made a very wise move of using springsteen !
this storm is pissing me off . sandy is one bad bitch ! ;)
hahahahah hurricane sandys a bad bitch
disasters overwhelm state and local ability to respond . nj after is a good example . just b /c failed not needed .
nothing much what you been up too ? how family ? since
breaking news !!!! nepal is just hit with another 7.4 earthquake
earth quakes again in delhi ! all the employees on streets . a sight to watch . nepal is hit severely again .
canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman - new york times : new york timescanadian police say
canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman - new york times : new york timescanadian police say ottawa attack was work
think that wd be treading v complicated ground . setting up cities v nations within one state ?
well , they didn't sail off into sunset , but they do seem to have given westminster cronies a good shake thanks scotland
keep the people being /about to be effected by hurricane sandy in your prayers .
is anyone else suffering from hurricane related anxiety or is it just me ?
lose control party is back . you can rsvp here :
. 5 austin classics :. so . congress cafe , cisco &#39;s bakery , dirty martins burger joint , top notch , hoffbrau
explosions heard during terror raids in brussels
breaking : explosion heard during police raid in brussels
gettin ' weird at at getting ready to see
is what you make of it if you're not interested in creating a legacy then stay home .
hoes love st . patrick's day
happy st . patricks day ! abbynnoel
don't panic about the hurricane , keep calm , roll a blunt and feel like you're flying when in reality you're being fucked by the wind lol
how about this : you don't have to stop tweeting about , but you can include more about the .
seriously hoping that obama gets voted in again . what would happen if he lost ?
obama 2012 campaign ends where it all began via
sandy aint stopping us .made it to tbell with the boys !
phone w . him during the hurricane i feel very safe :) lol
happy st . patrick's day tallahassee !!! have fun and be safe !!!
my poop was green . happy st . patricks day
according to an exit poll that age group were primarily romney supporters !! they must have been some salty , angry viewers ! lol
president obama just landed at andrews air force base .
steve is ready for st . patricks day .
happy st .patrick day from ireland ;)
the paris attack and the isis assholes is a good reason we need our guns to protect or family and friends
spoke with no passion at all . obama says paris attacks on 'all of humanity ' via
well , looks like mitt won't have to release his tax returns after all .
the funny thing about states legalizing weed is that the national govt still says no its not and yes that includes obama himself .
taliban faction claims lahore bombing says christians targeted : islamabad - a breakaway pakist
taliban faction claims lahore bombing says christians targeted : islamabad - a breakaway pakistani faction of t
how the fuck did obama get re-elected
ohhhh obama ! mr barack obama . now do something useful with america .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pnwhcmm9jw
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yk7btxfgac
happy st . patrick's day !!!! get your green on and come celebrate with us !
happy st . patricks day ! who's having a today then ??
in case you missed this one yesterday .st. patrick was much more than green shamrocks , leprechauns , and irish luck .
be objective , be critical where it deserves u to be , but please don't forget u bleed red and black and we need u now patrick !!!
happy st . patrick's day hugs
happy st . patrick's day from arizona .
i know few people in paris , but my old au pair had to move further out due to cost of rent , so i know she's likely to be safe
i live in paris i am next of bombings that's horrible and scary
if you experience an election lasting more than 4 hours , please tell ohio to get their results in faster !
obama promised a hope for change , check your pockets it's what he gave .
romney currently leads with electoral votes with 82 to 79
while online looking up the latest election results don't forget to visit your favorite porn sites .
fuck that hurricane sandy page it's all for entertainment but ya knew that
where da the fuck is hurricane sandy ??
because hurricane sandy people claiming the world is really ending just stop yall not god yall can't predict when the earth is going to end
why sandy got to be such a hoe , i'm over this damn hurricane -_-
hey politicians ! get your signs down in advance of sandy's arrival . i saw the roundabout in full of them tonight .
i wish i didn't have school tomorrow . but no . for once , florida didn't get the hurricane .
sandy fucking my week up .
sandy bandidana athva bandidala ?? :p
news update : video : timelapse shows sandy strike nyc - timelapse video filmed from the 51 st floor of the new york ti
video : timelapse shows sandy strike nyc : timelapse video filmed from the 51 st floor of the new york times more ..
samaras is just a shit george boyd
and to the relief of most of my twitter feed , i have to go to work . no live tweets for awhile . # usmnt later though
nepal quake kills more than 1200
prayers hope for those in . nepal seeks help , death toll seen rising after devastating quake
chairman reaches jinnah hospital to inquire about the health of victims .
what we know about the group behind the lahore bomb attack : a splinter faction of the pakistani taliban , jamaa
happy st . patrick's day to you , you , you , you . you , you , you . you , you , you . you !
it's st . patrick's day , we all know what that means !
more attacks disguised as expert advice from keith ablow :
what do you present to a grand jury when the shooter didn't write an incident report and the cops don't interview the witnesses ?
president in his victory speech showed a true love to his nation ! and he's aiming to free from our oil ! what
what about that chick from yesterday , tho . her mention looking romney campaign headquarters still
obama's victory speech (feat. flag head lady ): america , you better work via
obama's speech got me excited , and now i can't sleep . obama's an asshole .
health : authorities fear spread of ebola after ill man flew across west africa - voice of america
authorities fear spread of ebola after ill man flew across west africa - voice of america ..
fr . peter mcverry unequivocal in his criticism of michael noonan's laissez-faire economics return of absentee landlords on rte today .
odds of a second general election in 2016 cut to 2 /1 following heavy backing , says
st patricks day and not a potato in sight : via
who else likes the st . patrick's day uniforms ?
listening to lady in brooklyn heights [says] bklyn bridge park underwater . um whoa , .
update : canadians urged to prepare for hurricane sandy
lemme ask a question . david stern lives in new york city . right ? sohow in the hell did he mess that up call it
still amazing what kind of strange weather this hurricane brought .
happy st patrick's day to all our lovely irish members everywhere !how are you celebrating today ?
happy st patrick's day everyone ! did you celebrate in the this ?
happy st . patrick's day !!! anyone wanna share some jameson ?
i want to be an irish at this moment . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day everybody . have a wonderful day wherever in the world you are .
happy st . patrick's day ! that leprechaun can't be feeling very lucky right about now ! :)
police identify 2 bros as suspects in brussels airport attacks . is live 6 a -12pet from brussels w /more:
an european district capital is the way forward !
my nurse : when you're 21 st patrick's day will be you're favorite holiday trust me
sleepy girl . st . patrick's day has already worn her out .
typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines : manila : more than half a million p
typhoon hagupit moving towards landfall
apparently defending citizens from the government only applies to white people .
she goes so hard r holocaust survivor (91) arrested in .spent years working palestinian justice
why is there a hurricane sandy page the fuckery
my thoughts on hurricane sandy . that bitch
st . patrick's day on - is focused but celebrating
i always forget that the 17 th is st . patrick's day since its also gianna's birthday
ebola virus 'potential threat ' to uk : the ebola virus , which has killed more than 670 people in west africa , i
bbc news tracker ebola virus 'potential threat ' to uk - the ebola virus , which has killed more than 670 people in
happy st patrick's day ! ta be sure , ta be sure .
police cracking down on st . patty's dui's !: it's st . patrick's day and people are out celebrating their irish '
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola via prayers and thoughts .
texas physician in africa tests positive for ebola
basically heard that the hurricane will hit southern ontario at halloween wow scary
big hurricane heading our way , it's not going be good !
so the ox will start ! good shout i hope !
match preview : france vs england ; expectations low but the ox starts via
watching cheers on netflix tonight to promote good times for boston in days to come
i hope boston and all the nation to come together !!
via how obama took the battleground states
obama re-elected , alan grayson back in congress , senator elizabeth warren , allen west defeated , joe walsh defeated .
loving the fact we don't have school tomorrow !!! thanks hurricane sandy !
oh cool a hurricane is headed our way . what ????
gunman was extremely agitated by first hostage escape .
good lesson for indian intelligence , police , politicians , opposition , media , and people . .
just paid $5 for a lone star . screw you , pearl bar w /
20 minutes in , i've already had 2 danny glover moments here at
predo : spain 0 -0 italy , maybe the azzuri cud even steal it
i wonder that those people in the background are having for their dinner .
better celebration : purim or st . patrick's day ? (anyone who says the latter has never been to a purim party .)
and this is the way we celebrated st . patricks day !
last night's high tide at miami beach was 100 ft inland past the lifeguard towers , beach chairs . look out nyc .
i've made it to a trending topic . my name is a hash tag .
brussels attacks death toll rises to 35 : afp
brussels attacks death toll rises to 35 : belgian officials on monday rais
shit turn to bbc 1, the v game is about to kick off !!#euro2012
debuchy for france gave an excellent display at right back . gerrard our pick on the basis that it was tougher going in midfield
i've been completely under the impression that today was st .patrick day , but it's not ?
aw shit tomorrow patrick's day ?
would like to say happy st patricks day to my irish followers
happy st .patrick's day all over the world !!!what a weekend ! we hope everyone has a great day ! no language
missing sxsw for another year . doh ! have fun y'all , don't forget to check out the county line bbq ;-)
wow ! ifc named as one of their top 20 to see at !
oh yeah and the death nail of our nhs as we know it no thanks eu vote leave
i take it the will never be returned . cant help but think the eu want this .
those in ottawa who trouble keeping calm over the events of today can call ottawa public health at 613 -580-6744.
my prayers and thoughts are for those families affected by the ottawa shooting . noone has the right to take someone else's rights
8 :05. happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day bowlers . //t.co/1byrfg6ujx
just played a great show with in cancun last nightnow back to sxsw !!
the back porch tonite east texas !! is comin bck w a 3 rd place win from 903 stand up ! we shook tht biish
two women and a man have been rescued alive in north-eastern nepal , eight days after the earthquake . read more :
indian media , they are not helping they are just a obstacles for
sky news pronounced president obama in their live subtitle translation as ''president oh bummer '' funniest thing i've seen translated wrong .
i'm trying to convince my mum to let you joe and matt come round , shots for every romney state ? ;)
oh look at you rooting for a team !!!
fast groomers and perfect temperature today . worth missing for !
happy st . patrick's day haz !
happy st . patrick's day from hk .
i arise today , through god's strength to pilot me : god's might to uphold me , god's wisdom to guide me .st. patrick's breastplate
happy st . patrick's day chocolate lovers ! come try an irish cream truffle before they are all gone !
i bet we will never get anyone as charismatic as obama . british politics needs changing .
just cited reports that a lot of pinoys in the u .s. supported obama's bid for presidency cos of his immigration law .
some of the best i've seen today : ottawa attack threatens to panic canadians via
canadian shooting victim remembered for smile , heart via
we're luck to have you ! happy st . patrick's day !
me and my mom at st patrick's day parade !
uefa best player of the isdon andres congratz ..*hugs from indonesian cules
spanish players honour the deceased after their win
the fact that this hurricane has the same name as my mom
dude filling up like 5 gas cans for the hurricane lmao or just
what the hell was peter chech ahaha . wasteman lmao
terrible mistake by petr cech . greece get a goal back 2 -1
i'm getting reports that are erecting nets around hq's perimeter in an effort to stop mass suicides from rooft
i should not have started watching election results so early . i feel like axl rose in the welcome to the jungle video .
romney and war with iran : source : - tuesday , november 06, 2012 remember , john mccain singi
wonder if i flew out to america today and voted for obama i'd make it . nope didn't think so :(
i don't even know who st . patrick is nigga , don't pinch me
if you know how to properly spell st . patrick's nickname , i automatically like you more as a person .paddy, btw . it's paddy .
how and i are spending hurricane sandy night : commodore commodore
in the field : indirect hit by hurricane sandy affects haiti -- again
happy st patricks day from caris and pj
happy st patricks day from my own personal leprechaun
ugliest italian team ever ??? best national anthem though !!!
damn !italians must truly love their national anthem ..
the washington pos exposes faults of prepardness ? hey , take a look at the fiasco in bengazi , there's a real fault !
is that bitch sandy finish yet ? she fuccing up tha rotation !
wassup for tonight !? party at the crib for sandy !?
where are you ? are you out of the way of sandy ?
so a 2 -2 draw between spain croatia will put them thro and italy out . it couldnt happen again could it ?
silky spain resume record breaking normal service educating ireland as croatia earn point to against a steady italy .#dayseven
with so much craziness in the world , i'm so grateful for my life and what i have .
from okinawa to boston . you have my sympathies .
earthquake : hunt for missing marine chopper expands via
nepal earthquake : hunt for missing marine chopper expands - nbcnews .comnepal earthquake
due to family scheduling and an early mtg , i'll vote this pm . would love to hear what am voters in are seeing .
i'd guess we're +25% compared to same time in '08 in westfield .
all you can do is laugh at romney
please lord let obama win ..
italy didn't deserve 4 -0, italy were good but spain were great , luck was with them tonight
italy might of made this game close but since they are down a man it's not even a contest anymore
who is telling the hurricane sandy story in twitter ? our anaysis in
hurricane sandy is pissing me off . it keeps messin my hair up
says food insecurity in major concern following hurricane via
im confused to how marianne cant find things to right her current events aboutwe deff didnt have a hurricane or anything of that sort .
thank you for your wise words but honestly no one in paris care about you and your words .
my family and all my thoughts are in paris .
sandy's storm damage keeps schools closed in n .y.c., n .j.: widespread power outages , flooding , and other
sandy's storm damage keeps schools closed in n .y.c., n .j.: widespread power outages , flooding , and other afteref
us president barack obama elected to second term
my 8 k goes out to the president of the united states , barack obama .
happy saint patrick's day from the irish riviera !
may my life be as full , vision as clear , calling as sure , work as divine legacy as good as patrick . happy st . patrick's day !
help superstorm sandy survivors by making a donation to the american red cross via itunes (via
[news] help superstorm sandy survivors by making a donation to the american red cross via itunes : you can now he
if the doc is still waiting 2 finish his full rprt , y r shysters already claiming mb was shot in the back ?
has nvr seen anything as alarminguntil the next case he gets to race bait and blame others 4 .
evacuation as typhoon hagupit nears philippines - daily news analysis
[all news ] | massive evacuation as typhoon hagupit nears philippines - reuters |via google news
reasons i'm not voting for mitt romney : this motherfuckers name is mitt !
is anyone aware that mitt and his boys attacked a kid and cut his hair back when mitt was in college ..thats who you want for president ?
jamaican artist elephant man is said to be devastated after hurricane sandy blew away his pet puppy and his birds . looool
oh thank goodness it's raining again . i was getting a little pissed when it stopped .
that hurricane ain't gonna do shit to the city lol
man , where's al kaprielian when you need him ?
hurricane sandy is causing some pretty crazy weather conditions ! please make sure to take some extra time on the
i should probably do a little preparing for this hurricane
portugal have to win this game , the dutch fucked themselves over today .
watching germany v portugal , should be a good game .
good thing for the people of paris , now everyone has a trendy new avatar that they're only gonna take down when terrorism is solved .
paris is not forgottenthe world just keeps spinning . nothing will stop that
krohn-dehli goal ! dane dummies heitinga on the left then fires through the legs of stekelenburg to give the danes a
really good goal from denmark
the hurricane sandy tweets are funny as shit
scary s--t . satellite view of from just after 10 :30 edt this morning until about 15 minutes ago
feinstein in fresno tuesday : u .s. senator dianne feinstein was in fresno tuesday , but victims of sandy o
received several email newsletters obviously written before sandy that don't coincide with the current state of events in nyc .
many people crossing today into serbia today from fyr macedonia . more than 4,000 - many children .
west crying 4 refugees with 1 eye aiming gun w /the other
reactions to sandy point out a key difference between 'content of character ' romney and 'no character ' obama
shit , fuckin up a buffet , what's good , i heard sandy showed out for ya'll
romney is goin to win hope wont help in dis case
obama event goers on benghazi : what ?!?
what should i do to survive hurricane sandy ?
look at this hurricane sandy premonition i found !
please don't blame muslims about what happened last night in paris . terrorism has no religion
that attack that happened in paris so messed up !
obama , romney camps eye magical ''270'' figure
obama , romney camps eye magical ''270'' figure : washington : owing to the unique nature of american political sys
happy st . patrick's day ! what does everyone have planned ? we open at 11 !
after hearing about valentine's day , how does your dad feel about st . patrick's day ?
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of the eight people aboard the u .s. helic
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of the e
i can't wait to give massachusetts its governor back tomorrow . my president is
every single vote counts , don't give up and get out of line , no matter where you are !!!!!
wishing everyone a very happy st . patricks's day !
who has the best st . patricks day celebration ? rt this for or favorite for .
also , sxsw is so soon im so excited to seeee youuu !
ask him if he knows what sxsw is
journalism news slow-moving hurricane sandy heads toward east coast - reuters
update 1 -slow-moving hurricane sandy heads toward u .s. east coast : miami , oct 27 (reuters) - hurricane san
that bitch sandy fuckin my plans up !
these hurricane sandy tweets just get me
brussels residents share messages of love in chalk
live coverage : deadly bombings rock , subway
happy st . patrick's day my love !!! :) i love you ! (even though it isn't yet in the us )
you'd think i'd be all over st patrick's day , but the dudebro douchenozzles keep me far away from all that .
looking forward to the holland v germany game later ! i can see a few red cards tonight ! rvp v podolski
yay portugal ! just caught the last ten minutes . :)
i hope they don't make donald work during this hurricane
no i'm home getting ready for this hurricane .
happy st . patrick's day from dbw !
and this is the moment st . patrick's day got . o ' shan
east coasters , watch for information re evacuating /weathering the storm w /your pets be safe !
is there enough on the east coast to get through ?
happy st .patrick's day from hd8919 !!
happy st . patrick's day ! a little bailey's irish creme makes everything better , right ? :)
nelly , local djs join push for calm in via
if doesn't change anything . we all lost ..
could be just what i thocht fm said . either way its a shitload
were you not born in london ? no poor kids there ? where do you want trident to go .england?
liberia shuts border crossings , restricts gatherings to curb ebola hot on
csusb health liberia shuts border crossings , restricts gatherings to curb ebola spreading
terror hits paris : the empire state building will go dark for paris tonight via
terror hits paris : the empire state building will go dark for paris tonight
gomez scored for germany ! germany 1 - 0 portugal
is shearer a midget or is that lad next to him a giant ?
thanks for all of the great podcasts from nepal .
muslim terrorist head of indian mujahideen nepal branch arrested in lucknow
fox is reporting suicide bombers . must be muslim terrorists .
at least 11 people known to be dead up to now in paris . i really hope that number doesn't increase . thoughts with them all .
i'm content with the english line-up . getting the good feeling .. :)
would love to see a proper english performance , lets hope they give us one ..
goveself professed zionist heading for more divide and rule tactics on a hypocrite
goveself professed zionist heading for more divide and rule tactics on worm turned
niggaz out here shopping for milk and water like they doomsday preppers or somethin .smh ..#hurricane
missing the brownies game cuz of this pussy hurricane
why are people so hostile about st . patrick's day ?
its st . patricks day wtf ???
today my two teams play each other . i want italy to get something under their belt it's been awhile sorry spain #
spain vs italy later at 2.45 am .
what do you think about the president barack obama victory in the us 2012 election ?
what's with these africans going on and on about obama ?? please give us a break !
food in the oven ? check . oversized football jersey ? check . let the begin .
here comes these stupid idiots on twitter and facebook posting about the when they don't know jack shit about football
that germanwings plane situation sounds completely effed up .
breaking : reports say co-pilot of germanwings flight deliberately locked pilot out of cock pit and put plane into dive .
adriana lima should be in everything commercial . forever . .
the needs more adriana lima commercials .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mpmgyrq0kj
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ugd0dvrxa3
bbc news uk philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , bu
followme - philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across
praying for the recovery from sandy for all affected !!!!
sandy is more powerful than irene already hahaha
my mom really likes st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day ! how did you accessorize ?
sandy is a hurricane now ? just reported it is a tropical storm .
we have 2 lift tickets left to give away . it'll happen on twitter during . stay tuned . rt f-na .
more storm prep planned for today .
gd day back cindy , u getting ready for sandy ?
to all of our fans affected by hurricane sandy , you and your loved ones are in our thoughts . please stay safe everyone !
our thoughts go out to everyone dealing with the fallout from hurricane sandy this morning . stay safe .
nobody , but nobody can disagree about ! !
was worried for a minute , then remembered our prez is a badass .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3rwv4yebky
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ljveit3oeo
obama always yes we can no , he can
i feel like romney name shouldn't even be in my tl , obama defeated him soo stfu !!
happy st patricks day to all , happy birthday to me !
happy st patrick's day irish friends ! try not to let americans get you down .
big hug to always funny for trophy ! her lots . she'll rock you like a hurricane woot woot
i'm cooking that frozen sausage before the power goes out . you lose .
hundreds search for missing u .s. helicopter after second nepal quake kills scores : charikot , nepal (reuters) -
hundreds search for missing u .s. helicopter after second nepal quake kills scores : charikot , source : reuters
they should indeed speak out for democracy .
follow for the results of a fascinating mini-poll of 51 pro-democracy supporters in admiralty .
check out awesome new republic on the 2 nd page of sxsw world mag !
watching team on sxsw accelerator live streaming sessions
sandy i give up , now please turn my power back on
navy sends carriers to aid sandy recovery ; obama to tour nj - - sydney morning herald
what i learned at sxsw via
coca-cola number 2 this time i went mexican .
happy st patrick's day ! $17 off all tutu dresses today !
happy st . patrick days .love red b .
if romney wins the presidential election , i am officially done .
the only good thing that will come out of obama being reelected will be that it will be his last term . if only we can make it through alive .
i wouldn't mind being on the back end of a horse with fearne cotton . unless she farted .
hmm .no. i guess , i am just watching for the expensive commercials .
glasgow votes yes a boost but not enough for
proud of my hometown glasgow for voting yes !
i think sandy is on her time of the month
i had a dream about hurricane sandy last night
what to expect from us at sxsw : i just arrived in austin , texas for south by southwest interactive . it's my firs
via what to expect from us at sxsw : i just arrived in austin , texas for south by southwest interactive . it '
so it's st patrick's day got the memo but red again today ?!
a happy sunny st patrick's day !
whatever the st . patrick's day equivalent is of the grinch : that's me .
today is st .patricks day and i don't have anything green .
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/nuvcisiv
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/7s6xnlai
at least 20 people killed , dozens injured in india after powerful nepal earthquake : officials say at leas
at least 20 people killed , dozens injured in india after powerful nepal eart via
auf : possible shooting in paris . report with euro .
crap , there's been a shooting in central paris
some girls thought ebola is anoda hit song lyk dorobucci ..they b naming their sefebolanelo , ebolaanni , ebolalola , eboladiva , ebolalady
lyk wtf ??..lol some girls thought ebola is anoda hit song lyk dorobucci ..they b naming their (cont)
till tomorrow mofo lol and you know who im voting for
tomorrow please vote for the guy who wants children to be proud of themselves their families no matter what .
not cool , msg . madison square garden company strong-arms employees into using vacation days post-sandy
i know . fucking sandy ruined everything
breaking : missouri governor says state highway patrol will take over supervision of security in ferguson .
breaking : governor says state highway patrol will take over supervision of security in . (via
death toll reaches 6,621 as nepal rules out finding more quake survivors : kathmandu : nepal on saturday ruled o
death toll reaches 6,621 as nepal rules out finding more quake survivors : kathmandu : nepal on satur khan
wishing a happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends :)
happy st . patrick's day ! we hope it's lucky !
as sad as i am over brussels , i'm more worried and distressed over our planet ; we need to take action now , or our future will vanish .
after brussels , travel is more important than ever
i woke up still happy for obama . i know the country is in good hands !
im canadian and in happy obama won 3
gm ! happy st . patrick's day ;)
happy st . patrick's day where's my green beer ?
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor has been infected with ebola and i'm going back to bed
never miss a nightmare with twitter . mt sierra leone's chief ebola doctor has been infected with ebola
last st . patrick's day reference for this year
why the hell did st . patricks day have to be on a monday
no school because of hurricane goes outside to do cartwheels in the hurricane .
srsly tho hurricane sandy is hitting ontario dafuq is that why its been raining for like 30 weeks now or
hurricane sandy , all because of chamakh .
i remember those days . except it wasn't a hurricane etc .. but ice storms .. hope all is well .. :)
happy st patrick's day everyone . wherever your parade i hope it's a good one :d
the yanks have arrived ! happy st patrick's day to all !
happy st patricks day to you high quality consignment store
happy st . patricks day . if you pinch me , i will punch you . :)
dlvr - world leaders vow to seek 2 c degree climate deal in paris : draft statement
authorities /media scared of the grief fueled fury hint ; stop censoring a very natural and justified anger
merkel's migration deal with turkey is bonkers
merkel's migration deal with turkey is bonkers via
pretty sure these two pictures don't match gardens building a
god bless all the families out there terribly affected by hurricane sandy . keep your head held high , you'll all get through this .
don't only pray for boston , pray for mankind ., pathetic it has to take a tragedy for everyone to start praying . smfh .
much luv many prayers 2 the people in boston :'(
i post political tweets so i can fit in with everyone else on twitter .
great leadership speech : vision , mission , ambition and role aligned ,
happy st patricks day ! off to school in green .
it's a little know fact around the world but in ireland on st . patricks day all traffic lights are green !!
next up : a crash course in becoming superbetter at sxsw 2012 .
thank you . have a great weekend . you going to sxsw ?
picking up my wristband tonight !
nerve djs midwest monster showcase and mansion party . sxsw music festival . austin , tx
w . african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads - new vision
w .african nations in emergency talks as ebola spreads
free album austin power sxsw best acts 2012, 38 songs
free album austin power best sxsw acts 2012
i am ready for this hurricane . bring it on .
oh yeah . we got a hurricane last year too . we don't usually get those up here . supposed to have lots of flooding
is anyone even gonna wear green today ?
happy st . patricks day !! sending the luck of the irish your way (plus a couple of pinches !)
error : 52577 : due to hurricane sandy , the tweeter from this account cannot see eagles slander . thank you for understanding .
all these hurricane jokes . when she really huff and puff and blow ya mawfucking house down . you gonna be looking stupid !
at ? come say hi to & restaurant & sports bar (300 e 4 th st / trinity st )
thanks to my fellow panelists : better biz panel - great discussion .
local residents voice concerns about earthquake in nepal
thank you janice hall for creating a virtual candle for those effected by the earthquake in nepal .
happy st patricks day !! may this rainbow bring you good luck ! stay safe and call a cab .
am i the only one who doesn't give a shit that it's st patricks day
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vqbpbmqsua
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pxhppx9qzy
when is st . patricks day ? hahaha
st . patricks day pre party
rooting for the tonight tom brady and ben jarvus green-ellis to run the show
just saw heading to walkabout armed with a big foam hand .
happy everyone ! did you know st patrick is credited with removing all the snakes from ireland ?
i may be a dodgers fan but i'm all about patrick corbin . going to have a huge year
cnn : 5 things to start your day : paris reels . hollande retaliates . and beirut feels forgotten . it's monday , an
cnntop : 5 things to start your day : paris reels . hollande retaliates . and beirut feels forgotten . it's monday ,
did david stern really just say all those affected by hurricane katrina ? hahahahhahahaha
david stern is a fucking idiot . hurricane katrina ? come on dude .
[update] sxsw 2012 : 25 can't-miss acts | music news | rolling stone
have fun man at sxsw ! i plan to be there next year .
21 killed as hurricane sandy lashes bahamas
hurricane sandy coming to jersey , pray for us
american couple missing after deadly brussels blasts : justin and stephanie shults were dropping off step
nbc : american couple missing after deadly brussels blasts : justin and stephanie shults were dropping off steph
happy st . patricks day - sun is shining , today feels good .
happy st . patrick's day . we just saw this awesome infographics
i though st . patrick's day was yesterday . . .but i guess people just celebrated it yesterday . .
also why celebrate st patricks day when you don't celebrate st george's day
do you mean hurricane sally ? where did you get sandy ?
please and which has been badly hit by sandy but little reported by main
happy st . patricks day to you too babe ! xoxo
happy st . patrick day !!! resort
prayers with nepal . you guys can't catch a break .
again ! earthquake strikes nepal again via
happy st patrick's day ! it you not having corned beef and cabbage today ! you can always get a we have
i aint know today was st . patricks day .
'i'd love to be in america for halloween ' urm , i don't think you would , when hurricane sandy is about and you are trapped in a curfew ..
mt is postponed to monday in by executive order
insane video shows pilots flying in the eye of monstrous hurricane patricia : when flight enginee
insane video shows pilots flying in the eye of monstrous hurricane patricia : when flight engineer j
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ymw4ot1lwy
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nefiv59imw
mitt romney has never ate ramen noodles , nuff said !!!!!
s /o to central high school band for making the world news and tackling romney !! lmfao
words cannot express how this feels
when i think about the i feel a bit sick . come on scotland
dear america , on behalf of the rest of the world for fuck sake don't vote romney . thnx bbz tb x
for romney campaign , today is about tomorrow (via
it's ok tom brady , atleast you still have your uggs !
i can't sleep , but i'm too busy thinking about the to do any homework .
settling in for the semi finally a match with real strikers !
i hope gives a good kicking . in the of course
if mitt romney made wifi free everywhere i would vote for him .
so how bad is tomorrow's gop primal scream going to be if obama loses the popular vote but wins the electoral college ? sheesh .
happy st patrick's day xxxx
a good recipe for st . patricks day . enjoy .
looks like a legal observer is being arrested right now as well
legal observer potentially being arrested (from vice stream )
live now on until 1, happy st . patrick's day all !!
we will be closed today folks . pm us and we will get back to you asap .have a happy st patrick's day .
ah low it bruv why take off balotelli :'(
im surprised ballotelli as been taken off .. di natalie is good player he is ruthless give him a chance and he will take it
love how all their news is about the bitch sandy hahaha
sandy can't take both of us :)
lady tech world news nepal shaken by deadly earthquake - latest : death toll tops 1,900 google exec among at least
brace world news nepal shaken by deadly earthquake - latest : death toll tops 1,900 google exec among at least 13 k
well thank you , and when i get back from sxsw , send me your music ! would love to hear
dailymotion - jigga sxsw part 2 via half way through this , some kick ass tracksya never hear live !!
police intensify manhunt for pa gunman who killed 6
how fox news exploited the deadly sydney hostage situation to try to justify torture :
celebrating st . patricks day with green drinks and friends
is today st patricks day or something all these white folks with green today
oh and i hope the hurricane didn't blow you away .
this is how serious we're taking this hurricane
i pray for because he needs to be in the white house for another four years ! he needs all the prayer he can get !
yo president is finna be white , team mitt romney btchh .. (:
twitter is a safe zone , don't have time for the ignorance and negativity on fb !
obama projected winner in md , de , dc , me , ri , ma , il . romney in ok .
hurricane sandy is slamming into v .a right now .
waiting for hurricane sandy to touch toronto
the only good thing about on the tv tonight is arjen robben . fiiiiiiittie !!
the referees behind the goal are clearly useless . have they ever even made a decision ? pointless .
due to the damages caused by hurricane sandy , we have decided to cancel friday 2 nd , saturday 3 rd , and sunday 4 th
ms .dlg is collecting any spare candy to send out to thoes kids affected by hurricane sandy in ny and nj please help out !!!
we all we go in to a better future with our president obama !
okay if you say you're moving if obama or romney is elected , you're stupid . i seriously doubt you'll move countries
happy st . patrick's day ! i am so not wearing green .
leprechauns , rainbows , and gold - oh my . happy st . patrick's day everyone !
life moves pretty fastif you don't stop and look at it , you'll miss it !
learning lots , mainly it's all about the ads ! my top three so far fiat , m +ms, pepsi
firemans contractors sandy hits hard , over 4000 in amherst without power : 4 :17 pm : progress
i am pretty sure this darn will cause some supply disruption
obama , gay rights , and legal weed win out . the future is here , slowly .
the grand wizard of the kk said because obama won . there will be a race war ..lmfao oh ..ok right ..
france launches 'massive' airstrike on isis stronghold in syria after paris attackgo get them france .
but dad what about drone strikes
my st patricks day consists of me trying to convince myself i don't want to be at the nyc parade
happy st . patrick's day !we are selling green beer all day . come join the fun at fuzzy's lewisville .
happy st . patricks day to you all single mothers out there .
i think imma go get some uv green tonight in honor of st patricks day
spain go with the again .del bosque hs lost so mch faith in torres
the first game of the whole was spain vs . italy . it ended 1 -1. the final game of the is spain vs . italy .
remembering my grandad today , happy st patricks day all .
happy st . patrick's day from legacy office solutions
newest blog post on sandy and valley impacts . winter storm watch for highlands high wind warnin
stacked up on my food and goods now its time to lay in bed and play some fifa thru this hurricane
obama will win , why are you laughing ?
glad i'm not a us voter today . obama worst president since carter . romney more up to the job , better for uk , but can't support his views
if we could combine st . patrick's day and pi day , that would be great . so many big holidays right in a row !
st .patricks day drinking gamesure why not !! =d
we're appealing for $1m to meet immediate needs of children
retweeted unicef we're appealing for $1m to meet immediate needs of
so whos having a hurricane party
no school tomorrow . hurricane sandy is offically my best fucking friend 3
will's first out of state show is at sxsw . i love it !
be sure to go check out our friends in tx this week ! hit up for details
everyone here at toyota of sanford would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !
erin go braless . happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day . enjoy some irish . :)
happy st patrick's day to everybody .a wee bit of the luck of the irishmay you all be blessed with a wee bit of the irish luck today !!
brothers in arms brussels explosion and terrorism . why brothers terrorize since 9 /11.-- jh
i can't weep for brussels when this was done .
hurricane alert tomorrow . stocking up everything just in case . lmao i doubt it will reach here le .
even if this hurricane comes i'm set cause all i need is my tub :)
also want 2 thank god for president obama
lolololololololol swear , i just got on the train and this random (i'm sure ) romney supporter , rolled his eyes at me !!!! lololol
waterworld is actually a pretty scary movie now .
sandy fake vs real photos - my favourite from
someone tell tim mccarver that its fucking not 1957 anymore with sandy koufax and bob gibson and segregation .
smh this joke stinks hurricane sandy ?? what if there was a hurricane spongebob
: us sending disaster response team , $1 million aid to nepal : us sending disaster respon via
terrible disaster , thoughts to those in nepal .rip
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ouzifpcvox
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/odauwnlpfb
hurricane /eagles party at voltage cafe 421 north 7 th street (next to the electric factory ) come fuck with me
i'm kind of counting on this hurricane . i'm not up to doing homework
happy st patrick's day !! not the usual paddys day antics
shhh we do too ! ;) hope you're having a sensational st . patrick's day !!
stay safe guys ! sandy is playing no games
that hurricane sandy shit was a disappointment to people ,for the fact that people were scavangers for f food ,flashlights,genaraters
is it republicans lambasting him for saying president obama responded well after ?
i liked a video the impact of climate change - hurricane sandy's aftermath
i'm readyyy | hagupit ng lizquen
ready for the kilig !! | hagupit ng lizquen
happy st patricks day to my irish followers niall ;) x
happy st . patrick's day guys !! :d
reuters : nepal quake death toll rises to 618 according to nepal home ministry official on indian tv . :(
nepal quake death toll reaches 618 - nepal home ministry official
happy st . patrick's day ! it's true , everyone's a little irish today , right ? we'd love to know how you plan to celebrate .
happy st . patrick's day -thunderous o'bourbon !
so rapper /reality star ti is blaming the victims ?
all of the current former military people i know are appalled at the police response in
some ebola bc can strike fear into someone .
sumgals thought ebola is another hit song like dorobuccithey be naming their self ..ebolakemi, ebolalola ,ebolaanni, ebolatemi , ebolanifemi
timeline : what happened at sydney cafe and how the hostage crisis ended : the deadly s
timeline : what happened at sydney cafe and how the hostage crisis ended - firstpost
ebola : arik air cancels flight operations into liberia , sierra leone via
ebola : arik air suspends flights to liberia , sierra leone : arik air yesterday sai
may all your lights be green today ! happy st patrick's day !
happy st pat's patrick's day parade
2 dead after early morning police raid on paris apartment : two people have reportedly been kille via
timeline of saint denis terrorist raid in paris
everyone wants to be with someone during this hurricane
you gotta be a bored mothafucka to make a twitter account named after a fuckin hurricane smdh
[bot] 8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says
8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says via /r/news
happy st . patrick's day , roehampton !
happy st . patrick's day ! hope you also had a great weekend !
aren't we usually out for st . patricks day ?
enjoy st patrick's day sharon x
happy st . patrick's day from help-u-sell peoples !
happy st . patrick's day ! we love going green , especially on a tutu !
is there cover at fest ? i have a laptop in the tote bag , waterlogged shoes , a
i hate i can't be at me and whyjae need that shit right now
cnnbrk : luis felipe zschoche valle , patricia san martin and elsa veronique delplace id'd as paris attack victims .
time : security stepped up at u .s. sites after paris attacks
happy st .patricks day to all our amazing followers ! enjoy it and let us know what you get up to
y'all look awsome ! happy st . patricks day !
review : south by southwest music festival
you're welcome ! was fantastic ! top moment ? being on stage for 1 st time there !
an equalizing goal from kuba ! poland 1 - 1 russia .
wow what a goal !! 1 - 1 poland vs russia
are you still doing a show today or has that been canceled as well because of sandy
superstorm sandy whips up winds across georgia
obama dances while brussels burns : barack ignores calls to come home in wake of terror at via
woman who became the face of the brussels attacks
we had a candle lit dinner last night all thanks to
regardless of your political affiliation , you cannot argue that obama has been a great leader in the aftermath of .
in the midst of all this going on with paris there is seriously a one direction vs beiber debate on who showed more compassion ?!
thoughts and prayers to everyone in paris tonight . violence like this has no place in any city or country in the world .
praised for beautiful message in the wake of attacks via
eastenders praised for beautiful islam message in the wake of paris attacks no comment .
what is happening in right now is messed up .
just said he does not know what would happen if cameras were not there . i do - more death excuses
happy i am sure most of you will in a different kind of way today ! :) have fun !
happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! go with your gut to find the gold (culturelle , that is ).
happy st patricks day ! our school is celebrating !
happy st patrick's day people . enjoy x
new on inc .: cloud takes a beating from hurricane sandy : east coast data centers struggle to stay up and running
if you like inc read cloud takes a beating from hurricane sandy : east coast data centers struggle to stay up and
happy st patricks day to my favorite leprechaun :d
happy st . patrick's day (ft. don )
obama declares emergency in the states of new york , massachusetts , and dc over 'frankenstorm'
lets all sandy is not as hash as predicted .
homemade guac beer !! happy st . patrick's day !!
an fun beer for 2 a supporters on st . patrick's day !
what mitt and gop don't seem to realize is that reproductive rights are an economic issue .
i'm really hoping isn't a recount , if obama gets this he's home and dry , fingers crossed !!
watch david 2 -hour special right now on
what are you wearing to watch the tomorrow ?
if the lawn guys don't show up before sandy it's gunna be a soggy mess
who is sandy and why does she want to blow everyone
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today : sky news australiareport
followme - reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today : sky news followme -
happy everyone . please make sure you celebrate our own day of on wednesday 23 rd april . we will be at alexander's
happy !! see the cape wheel special deal and post your selfies .
happy st . patrick's my friends !
happy st . patrick's day usa
13,000 views overnight : watch laugh up rising seas , juxtaposed with most awful devastation . htt
from week-tv : unemployment report not affected by sandy
bbc - video : paris raid woman 'was vulnerable ': the woman who blew herself up during a raid in the paris
video : paris raid woman 'was vulnerable ': the woman who blew herself up during a raid in the paris subur (bbc)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ainoq1qxmt
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qx1ispapr8
this country is in so much trouble w / handouts looming fiscal cliff . wish people were more educated about what is 2 happen .
al sharpton is trying to out pinstripe rachel maddow . he is losing .
i think i slept through the hurricane aww man !
thank u god for another day an keeping me , my loved ones and every 1 i dont even know safe thru this hurricane .
i know republicans are wishing sandy would be next week lol
who doesn't know how to play asshole ?!? answer : and sandy .
u .s. muslims face backlash after paris attacks : vandalism to mosques , threats of violence , hate-filled message
u .s. muslims face backlash after paris attacks : vandalism to mosques , threats of violence , hate-filled messages among anti-muslim inc
loved the m &m commercial ! too funny !
a 12 th man at the field and a 2 points penalty before . the most terrible and stupid start i've seen in years . wtf ??!?
charlie hebdo attack brings back to discussion issues like democracy and freedom of speech .
'satire is a human right ' says titanic editor after charlie hebdo attack
praying for everyone i know in paris to be safe rn , and peace for everyone . lost for words .
my heart goes out to the french people and the city of paris .
i know its not all about looks but obama is definately the more attractive of the two so im glad he's woon !
obama should have done gangnam style to rub it in romneys face .
happy st . patrick's day ! at leviton , we think green 365 days a year ! make your home green :
perfect for st . patrick's day : vibrant green vegan parsley pesto {homemade}
green breakfast for st . patrick's day !
happy saint patrick's day ! irish soda bread | the little daisy bake shop , montclair nj
what the media is not telling you about the attack in brussels : the attack was done becaus
what the media is not telling you about the attack in brussels : the attack was done because of
bloomberg : ing nyc marathon is a go .
i wonder if romney has made a donation to the cross yet ? or just doing photo ops with useless canned goods ?
hk police pointing guns at citizens - not acceptable
hk police blocking internet and wanchai , protesters downloading p2p firechat
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at envy ! :)
happy st patrick's day friends and mum in
reporting that shots have been fired on parliament hill
cbc news just reported cdn soldier shot near war memorial in ottawa
in case you missed it , we live in america , where i can wear whatever i want , not ireland , where they don't even celebrate st . patrick's day .
i always celebrate st patrick's day with lovely irish country music and irish films .
lucky ant waives fees , opens crowdfunding to smbs in wake of sandy : with transportation and electric
whats up ? avde sandy undo ?
heart goes out to those in paris x
paris . this is awful . religion . always the cause .
news : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins
reuters : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (
horror !!! paris attacks kill more than 100, police say ; french seal border
report from journalist who was inside bataclan when attack commenced
yare brussels attack investigation : finding those responsible and stopping the next one - cnn : ibnlivebru yare
ibnlivebrussels attack investigation : finding those responsible and stopping the next onecnn (cnn) the investigation into the brussels
: germanwings co-pilot had passed medical tests 'with flying colors ': germanwi
french prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot intentionally crashed rt
bitter together clones murphy , carmichael , alexander etc banging on about intimidation by yes . explain this ?
over 800 journalists covering apparently . so that's why they're talking about riots breaking out in the all-night glasgow pubs
pnoy , milf condemn terror attacks in paris
guys please don't forget to pray for paris . let us feel sympathy for them and hope that everything will be alright
las vegas crowded for saint patrick's day weekend . the deuce beyond packed .happy st . patty's day !
saying there's another album coming out makes this the best st . patricks day ever !
spending my st patricks day working out and not drinking . :-)
i would drink today cause its st patrick's day but i need to chill
what a game ! both teams with impressive determination to win . now , this is what we call football ! ft : spain 1 -1 italy .
what an awesome game !! spain v italy . two amazing teams , awesome talent both sides :)
saying pray for boston on a social media site accomplishes nothing
thoughts and prayers go out to all of those for and from the boston marathon today .
is probably still singing the songs he heard at
sxsw film review - girl model by
after long wait , whedon brings 'cabin' to sxsw (ap): after several years of studio purgatory , joss whedon's long
is making me want to study comedy and comedians . smart stuff by smart people .
oh happy st . patricks day idk i think it's today
you look the same ;) awee happy st . patrick's day ! 3
st patricks day might be the stupidest day of the year ..
being in ireland in st . patricks day
so , yeah , then next the kkk began raising money for that police officer by
hires all-white firm to help deal w / racial tension --- how does that make any sense ?
we pray for obama to win the second and final term
i only want obama to win cos he's fittttt . priorities are right here .
oh monday , lets get this over with . anyway , happy everyone !
happy birthday st patrick . the patron saint of alcoholics !
coverage of hurricane sandy - maps , stats and photos :
l'uragano sandy sommerge new york , atlantic city e pure instagram
in coming days sas will be planning hurricane relief distributions ; to help write at inf
here is the 11 am advisory for hurricane sandy . it is still a category 1 storm with winds of 100 mph . right
i don't care who wins , i just want to watch a good game .
somewhere in spain andy reid is playing his guitar forlornly
my president is still barack obama (: good poll vote results !
obama we still got our black president nigga won by almost 100 votes .mitt got creamed .i don't have to move .
i waited in line for 2 + a half hours in arlington , va to vote for obama , it was worth every minute ! proud to be an american !
lost respect for tim tebow after some of his tweets last night . not every obama supporter is unemployed on welfare . get over yourself
congrats to obama , now the tuff part .
to all the ppl who said they would leave the country if obama won .. congrats you are now as honest as mitt romney
entertaining that terrorist . i guess that's why she relates to obama .
so im getting s /o's for my obama /romney posts !
wait for it . karma will crush you like a hurricane .
lololol the hurricane sandy tweets are funny .
is it all over for obama now that the redskins lost ?
cbs held damaging obama benghazi tape - 60 minutes - fox nation
have you voted yet ? i was no . 264 at my poll just before noon .
can't vote yet but wonder if would approve of these nails :)
as long as i have music i can get through hurricane sandy
they get to stay in texas ..we in ny got to deal with sandy ..
oh , wv and nc polls closing in a few minutes - no results yet here in sc .
whoever you vote for its your choice ! your right ! go out a d vote
wait a minute , hurricane sandy has a twitter page ? -__-
who picked the name sandy , she wows all of us
holland are killing my fantasy team at the moment :/
please someone show holland where the goal is
friday 13 th paris attacks (my unpopular view ) -
i condem any tororist but the world carried paris attacks but we witness every day killing of pelestane what is the difference
terrorism in brussels horrendous !! but has not america , europe and russia not bombed islamic countries daily killing innocents ?politics?!
hi all my heart goes to all the people in brussels .
i am terrified about tomorrow
getting excited about tomorrow's election . who's with me !
langar started today at bhelukhel , bhaktapur for the victims of today . it can cater to 5000 people everyday
dear international doners for . please check where your funds are going . because government's
edinburgh and aberdeenshire are huge blows to the yes vote
: edinburgh and aberdeenshire vote no in independence referendum .
st patrick's day 2007, not the same with out you grandpa .
my favorite part of st . patrick's day is how we're all celebrating an underdog victory at the battle of puebla
looks outside , hurricane don't seem that bad
why must there be a hurricane right under us like go away , we don't want this shitstorm .
can't wait ! i can use ann awesome distraction from this damn hurricane headed straight for me . again .
wait why does this hurricane have a twitter though ?? lmao i hate people
happy st patricks day to you all ! but especially to our colleagues alison and tanya !
well , happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy !!!!
does anybody even know what st . patrick's day is ?
oh , heute ist st . patrick's day . good to know .
that is one reason why i want romney as president
i'm pretty sure if the election was in canada , obama would've won a looooong time ago
guys dont miss the last 15 mins .. its a intresting match
i really wish was a part of europe so messi could show these guys what's up .
[nyt africa ] fear of ebola breeds a terror of physicians
fear of ebola breeds a terror of physicians by adam nossiter from bobby caples
holy cow tomorrow is saint patrick's day . time flies .
don't you crave for something polish even on st . patrick day ?
el viernes st . patrick en little ??
happy st . patrick's day ! drop by and get a free green jello when you order
thanks to i won't be getting pinched today ! happy st . patricks day everyone
shoot the boot .. happy st patricks day from ireland
fuck you and your anti romney retweet .
mitt romney is george bush reincarnated ! liars with hidden intentions .
hurricane sandy said you gone get this work ! lol ..so don't think about reporting your ass to work lil nigga
quick run before sandy . stocking up on !
why ? because we can . obama and romney wife hair swap .
we can believe in change . go obama !
smelling green on st patrick's day . trefle pur by atelier cologne .
it's not st . patricks day until corinne irish step dances
i would actually hate to be anywhere near that hurricane
there's proper no need for this hurricane ya no .
six irish on red cross nepal list remain unaccounted for (via
help nepal !! go to to find out how .
my st . patrick's day profile via
great st . patricks day for sure
so , looks like the 'no' vote has it for scotland in the got to say , surprised by that .
if the same amount of people voted in a general election as they have in the then maybe we would have a uk to be proud of ?
live cams : st . patrick's day weekend festivities around savannah - savannah morning news : live cams : st . patri
i miss st . patrick's day at the tavern with
after the boston attacks , i just have to wonder what's next ?
definitely saying some extra prayers for those affected by the tragedy in boston today . no body deserves that !
i will be proudly sporting all of these as i go to the polls tomorrow morning .
photo : i will be proudly sporting all of these as i go to the polls tomorrow morning .
is today really st patricks day or am i being lied to
happy st . patrick's day from dr . means !
happy st .patricks day beth and i'm just going shopping and doing homework
happy st . patrick's day from our own leprechaun - loren trefethen !
explosion reported at maelbeek metro station in brussels this morning
another explosion just went off at malbeek metro train station in brussels .
why is it this cold in fall ? is it cuz of sandy ?
the guys with mopeds are laughing at crowds of people waiting for the bus .
happy st patrick's day everyone , especially and all my friends in
happy st patricks day ! u pinch i punch
how are you celebrating st patrick's ?!
make this dessert in celebration of st . patrick's day .
isn't even american and he's going crazy over how obama won lmao he knows how it feels to obsess over some 1
i don't think bill will be upset bc he wasn't mentioned . he knows that he's done so much for obama in this campaign and that he's thankful
obama won . free breakfast and lunch . today shall be a good day !
couldn't be happier today . i'm glad the majority of america saw it my way ;)
sandy mash up mi ackee tree dem .. im quite disturbed :(
ohhh ok have a fun hurricane day off !
hey hurricane sandy is sooo annoying
vorders looks like she was caught in hurricane sandy with that hair
behind the scenes with barack obama : having travelled extensively with us president barack , arun chaudhary has c
lets give our president barack obama another four years
( ! ! ) belgian government advised subway shutdown just before brussels attac - $ $ -
belgian government advised subway shutdown just before brussels attacks via
let the sun shine down on you today .
you guys should help out these victims in boston . offer your support services to them somehow . you guys would be the best support !
it's acceptable to go to work drunk since it's st patricks day , right ?
y'all like my socks , st . patricks day
happy st patricks day . hope everyone is in as much pain as i am .
happy st . patricks day ! have a good one and enjoy the craic !
woah hurricane patricia looks really intense tho
hurricane patricia can't hurt the usa because we'll just shoot it first
happy st patricks day ! drinking a milk stout . craft and kitchen -
s /o to metro transit for making the buses free on st patrick's day
[theguardian] paris attacks : weapons arsenal including explosives and chemicals found in notorious brussels su
paris attacks : weapons arsenal including explosives and chemicals found in notorious brussels
the sky looks crazzzy ! praying for those affected by
praying for my family back home in ny ! hopefully will get on outta there soon
goodnight all , happy st . patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day !!dad left wicklow co . as a teen .settled in canada . he's 75 and still an irishman .dkm--
ya'll go from being happy that obama won , to trying to move to colorado to smoke weed . wonder why folks talk about us .
this teacher said she thought they was going to come to school party b /c obama won but noo the teacher came w / attitudes today ! ctfu smh .
what a match , russia vs czech repub , go go .
russia's shooting is letting them down
might as well get up and vote !
get out there and vote if you can !
day 5 : hurricane sandy recovery (allentown morning call ): share with friends : | | top news - usa news , news fe
video : sandy and food safety (cbs): share with friends : | | top news - usa stories , news feeds and news via fe
looking at the projected states sandy might hit . in reference to the election , i find it very interesting prayin no one gets hurt .
day off to be spent preparing for the hurricane of life that is about to toss me about !
loving all of the imported from detroit commercials in the
did anyone else see the symbol and the references to during the halftime show ? wtg madonna !
historically me st patricks day don't work well together
am i the only one that didnt know today was st . patricks day ?
hurricane sandy cuts wide swath of damage - via
cause her name is sandy .. aha
dtn italy : pm to hold brussels emergency meeting : david cameron will chair an emergency meeting to determine t
pm to hold brussels emergency meeting : david cameron will chair an emergency meet
so , i'm going to take this advantage to talk about what i'm doing for hurricane sandy .for those that don't (cont)
better put on some sandals , its about to get allittle sandy !
before i go , happy st patrick's day :3
happy st patrick's day !!!!!! st louis ' parade
romney will never know and i wish i could tell him , how many great americans on twitter support him .. thank you to each and every one of you
all of you are , romney lovers . lol
thoughts go out to everyone in paris xx
russia mod warns friday the 13 th paris massacre is cia /dgse/mi6/dmi masonic ritual massacre for world war iii
obama authorizes another deadly drone strike on night of his election victory . on 2 nd term kill policy :
chris matthews on obama win : 'i'm so glad we had that storm ' - show this to victims of sandy ! | fox news
rza sends love to staten island after sandy : staten island is in rza's thoughts in the aftermath of hurr
rza sends love to staten island after sandy : staten island is in rza's thoughts in the aftermath of hurricane sandy the wu-tang clan
my momma said i have no life , because i don't want to drive to greenville to go to applebees . could've sworn it's a hurricane coming lol .
oh shit not the hurricane tweets again
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency m via
dtn italy : crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting i
mentally , emotionally , physically exhausted , headed to bed . my thoughts , prayers love go to those in boston . night all
well , this whole boston bombing sucks . like really bad .
happy st .patrick's day from diary of a preppy princess ! tell us what you love !!
happy st . patrick's day (love u sooooo much have a great day !!!!!:d)
get bindi irwin down there to sort this out immediately
looking forward to being an outspoken ally for those wearing religious dress on public transport from now on in sydney
slate : how the brussels attack might end up costing isis dearly :
brussels taxi hero shows how we stop terror attacks
both teams entered to the gayest music ever
the only reason the giants beat the patriots 4 years ago : that ridiculous one-in-a-million tyree play . time to exorcise those demons .
amongst the people most relieved this morning has to be the british olympic association
my feed has suddenly turned into middle earth
happy st . patrick's day ! green flower headband /earwarmer by imagiknitsstudio via
happy st . patrick's day ! which green shell are you wearing today ? post a picture of yourself on this page or
looks like rommedahl's tournament is over
poor old dennis is a menace to his own team most of the time - lol andy townsend you crack me up
happy st . patricks day from lennar charleston !
happy st . patrick's day from tusculum college athletics !!
paris attacks prompt local residents to cancel travel -
perhaps not the most appropriate example of a use for 7 segment display with the current situation in paris .
goaalll torres scored .. spain 3 -0 italy
torres gets in on the action . spain 3 -0 italy .
happy st .patricks day to all my friends and family
st . patrick's day is chaotic when your entire family is irish ..
we just need to pray for paris
aardvark sport : paris sport cancelled after attacks : sporting fixtures in the paris area are postponed after a
cd dup special - 500 bulk cd's w /blk text in plastic sleeve -$250 mobangmedi rt
cd dup special - 1,000 bulk cd's w /blk text in plastic sleeve -$400 mobangmedi rt
boston police commissioner ed davis calls marathon attack the most complex crime scene in the history of the bpd
boston police commissioner ed davis : we are processing the most complex crime scene in the history of our department
happy st patrick's day with man candy monday ! via
happy st . patrick's day ! dex has his green on how about you ?
wonder what it's like to speak at ? the wait was the hardest part . here's my take :
thanks so much , rachel ! we are very glad to hear you had a fantastic stay and that was able to assist you !
i'm with my heart with people of east coats and .
i hope everybody in the path of this bitch has made it to safety .
when was the last time we've seen a truly badass halftime show ? prince was great a few years ago but since michael , all just lame
cool : benjarvus green-ellis will be wearing a chinstrap on sunday that helps detect concussions .
best thing about living in ireland .. st patrick's day !!!!
st . patrick's day means nothing when it's on a monday .
it's 5 o'clock somewhere right ? :) happy st . patrick's day everyone !
what's the point of st . patricks day if no one can see your green ):
it's st . patricks day and i didn't even get drunk
i've never actually celebrated st patricks day
ghana testing us citizen for ebola : health ministry - reuters uk
ghana testing u .s. citizen for ebola : health ministry : authorities in ghana are testing a u .s. citizen for ebo
happy st . patrick's day !!!! wearing my green down to my socks !
what's your green for st . patrick's day ? anybody else rockin ' their green bracelet ?!
happy st . patrick's day ! be sure to share this and make sure you are following me
happy happy st patrick day folks .
omg theres a helicopter here i think romney heard what i said is coming to get me
all i know is , of romney gets in . we will seriously need to get ready for some type of war type of shit .
makes a nice compliment to a gcd who understood and respected his real interests .
got an early start with the team at . big lines for panels so far , and it's pouring out !
how about a happy birthday shout out to me ;) happy st patrick's day !
i am not irish but happy st . patrick's day for out there people !
nah but serious well done obama
right result in the u .s. glad obama won he reminds me of president palmer from 24
icelanders protest after prime minister refuses to resign .
rt : :thousands of icelanders call on prime minister to resign in wake of :
ha , america . you had us all going with that mitt romney thing for a minute . thank god you were just joking . you were j
they gonna rob today i can feel it ..
don't have anything for st . patrick day but here you go
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! how much green you got on today ?
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! are you doing anything special today or is it just another day ?
always a pleasure alan :) happy st . patrick's day to you :)
an ad agency is turning homeless people into wi-fi hotspots at sxsw wow , brilliant people doing good
lol ? -- homeless people turned into walking wi-fi hotspots at $2 per 15 minutes at sxsw
france marks a minute of silence for victims of attack .
one minute of silence in tribute to the victims of the attack against
im trying be under the covers with somebody daughter when sandy come
man , fuck hurricane sandy she can suck a dick .
public policy question arising from : why not more diversity in local police departments ?
the must be shook now . the fact that has called them out , they better own up ! love it and thx .
obama jay-z campagin rally in ohio (live stream ) like , share [rt]
obama jay-z campagin rally in ohio (live stream ): to tally up some last minute votes , jay - (rt
idgaf .. happy st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day .and good morning ..
yep , and we all know that's the outcome of always was .
one of those little things that's wicked stupid about ireland .
stand up for scotland and get this sham vote sorted out
no different , then , from the scots who support any team playing england ! i .e. we're used to it
happy st patricks day for you too :)) i'm not irish , but still :dd
happy st patrick's day !!! home tomorrow night - we'll be there !
i'd be a lot more pumped for if i didn't still have to work
sure did !! i was tempted once i found out that i had off , but sandy won !! lol i'm happy i didn't go .. what about u
watch st patricks day doodle here
oh ahaha but it's st . patrick's day lol
green may be the color of the day because of st . patrick's day , but big blue filled the jefferson activity center
heard a few good st . patricks day jokes today .. irish i could remember them !!
round up your mates for a guinness on st patrick's day : via i won't be running away from any pubs tomorrow !
the start of the st . patrick's day cupcakes !
watching the footage of this boston marathon bombing is making me cringe .
i can't even watch the news about the boston marathon bombing anymore .
hello , kevin . wish you a happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day to you hun :) x
why doesn't everybody stfu about obama being president , bush made this mess he is trying to fix it , now congress need
ud swear obama is our president !!! the niggas is so excited (o_o)
how was ur st patricks day ? watch the game ?
lol my st patricks day ws awesome !.heaps of food , cathy our chef , u knw de deal !!
arsenal kid vlad dragomir is also feeling for paris today :
breaking : all terrorists had same explosive vests designed to kill most number of people : paris prosecutor -
soldier shot at canadian war memorial by fleeing gunman : while details are still being sorted out , apparent shooting in ottawa comes
national news : soldier shot at canadian war memorial by fleeing gunman : while details are still being sor
is there going to be a concert for the victims of sandy ? it's been a long time mariah carey has sung hero
with hurricane sandy closing major deepwater ports from virginia to new york , a domino effect has delays stretching up
happy st . patrick's day from nect !!
i rarely drink on st , patricks day .
goaaaaaalllll ..lewandwoski scores the first goal of euro 2012
i know it's only greece but reckon if poland play like this or better every game they could go far !
how sweet is obama , declaring his love for his wife during the victory speech ??
finally someone makes sense ! obama is more dangerous than al-qaeda !!!
pirlo is the best italian player since he moved to juventus
having seen the line-up for both sides ,i have this hunch that italy might just nick it 2 nite .
i'm irish and i didn't even know it was st .patricks day (-:
a very happy st . patrick day !!!!
death toll rises in 'totally out of control ' ebola outbreak - an outbreak of the terrifying ebola virus emerged in
death toll rises in 'totally out of control ' ebola outbreak
the polish mustered a draw against the russians last night , the dream is still alive !
wonder whose startin ' 2 mrw or make it happen for us !
impressed the way french security forces have been on the trail of suspects responsible for the charlie hebdo killings . not chasing shadows
suspected charlie hebdo terrorists steal car : report
tech news : fcc : hurricane sandy has knocked out 25 percent of all cell towers , cable services in 10 states
fcc : hurricane sandy has knocked out 25 percent of all cell
social media today sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel explored the v
sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel explored the very real po
there's alot walking going ! run for the fucking ball
scotty parker just throws himself at it
i went to the market earlier today . shelves were decently stocked but produce outside was absent .
sadly , that is a real picture but it's not from the night of . but they were there during the hurricane .
watched the pbo make a presentation on the aftermath of sandy-leadership and compassion . can't fake that ! beats collecting canned foods .
morristown nj church opens doors to sandy victims
new york state highway information
new york has possibilities of hurricane , tornado , snow storm floods . wow .
happy st patricks day to all my fellow reds fans around the world !!
(and for those of you who don't speak irish ) happy st patrick's day !
srl rocks sxsw w dj babychino ~doughbeezy~swishahouse~timbaland~killa kyleon at collective status peep this
i can't believe its the last night of my craving to be at sxsw .
since majority of rioters /looters r criminals don't live in or mo , how is regist them to vote helping
the way i see it both sides don't have all the facts in the shooting so everyone needs to chill
first order of business for obama is to close guantanamo baywait a minute ?
obama's re-election is a 'good thing ' for the revolution : via
east coast braces for superstorm sandy : hurricane sandy bore down on the eastern seaboard's largest cities monda
east coast braces for superstorm sandy : hurricane sandy bore down on the eastern seaboard's large
healthcare paris attacks : late-night hosts share uplifting humor with heartfelt remarks
travel $ paris attacks : late-night hosts share uplifting humor with heartfelt remarks
i don't even care about the election but i would still want obama to win !
if you can't make it out to the polls today , i think they're counting those 7 -11 obama romney cups as actual votes this year
attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist attacks shatter
ceejay : 2 b9483e0 attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist att ceejay : 2 b9483e0
it's not st patricks day it's my anniversary
st . patricks day =new favorite holiday .
every year on st . patricks day , someone always calls me a leprechaun . it never fails .
happy st . patrick's day to you , too . you certainly have nailed the fierce expression . well done .
17 mar (england): st patrick , bishop , missionary .
17 mar (ireland): st patrick , bishop , missionary .
bush taught me it does matter who's president of u .s.a. so yay ! .
lady gaga , diddy , justin bieber and more music icons celebrate obama victory - myspace (blog): lady gaga , diddy ,
for the record , voting doesn't earn you the right to complain over the next 4 years . please vote then pray for our leader .
since i can't vote yet i hope you'll all vote for me !
ny gov . cuomo , calls out the nat . guard for , 900 high axle trucks , 11 blackhawk helicopters , 2 lakota helicopters a c130
no line at all outside toys in babeland on bergen this morning . brooklynites aren't taking sandy that seriously , clearly .
atlantic city evacuates , closes casinos for sandy - usa today : san francisco chronicleatlantic city evacuates , c
atlantic city evacuates , closes casinos for sandy - usa today : san francisco chronicleatlanti
next hurricane season generator is a must !
united airlines offers options to customers affected by hurricane sandy
time for some vitamin g ! slainte ! happy st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day to you . you rock .:-) :-)
: jp morgan chase , wells fargo , citigroup waive fees in sandy aftermath : jp morgan chase , wells
jp morgan chase , wells fargo , citigroup waive fees in sandy aftermath
bc morning show : deadly boston blasts shake the nation
what conversations are you having w / your students about the tragedy in boston ? my students asked if events like this are more common today
from : at sxsw ? because paul carr is , launching his book today at bookpeople in austin : jack mckenna
at sxsw ? because paul carr is , launching his book today at bookpeople in austin (techcrunch europe )
hurricane sandy is literally going to be another katrina . god bless the entire eastern coast :/
should i be worried about hurricane sandy hitting boston ?
almost forgot tomorrow's st . patrick's day lol
o'shit ! i almost forgot to wish everyone happy st . patrick's day .
via international community responds to devastation in nepal : the 7.8 -magnitude earthquake th
international community responds to devastation in nepal : the 7.8 -magnitude earthquake that struck nepal on ap
happy st patrick's day ! :) discover more about st patrick here : :)
top o ' the mornin ' eveyone and happy st patrick's day !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kqparv6l4n
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zb3wnsmppz
justin williams nice kick at the net !
you think the netherlands could use justin williams's kicking abilities ?
lincoln_courier : five escape from sydney hostage crisis at cafe
sjrbreaking : five escape from sydney hostage crisis at cafe
germany's gotta do work today .
germany vs netherlands : 5 hours left
no training needed !! with so many guns in america , police are trained to live in fear
this shit is gonna open up alot of peoples eyes .
i'm loving this 6 day weekend thanks to hurricane sandy .
new york : this is what your flooded subway system looked like after hurricane sandy : the mta has just posted a bunch of stunning pict
did david stern just call hurricane sandy katrina ???
david stern really said hurricane katrina :/
this may have been the least spirited st . patrick's day i have ever had .
restos d st . patrick's day . :p
hits , spares of major damage so far | via
weakens to a tropical storm as it moves across
happy st . patricks dayoh the memories
happy st patrick's day , woooooajksndksjx
at least 13 dead and 35 injured in airport explosions , according to belgian media ..
13 dead , 35 injured in brussels airport blast
easy ! he was following obama's example !!!
relief should be the headline news story but the media is suppressing it . has mishandled it terribly so they stay quiet .
how hurricane sandy's aftermath will affect the housing market's recovery : hurricane sandy pummeled the east coa
financial news : how hurricane sandy's aftermath will affect the housing market's recovery
: tells protesters 'i want to resign but the chinese won't let me '
back in april , listed 31 reasons we should all be living in - wld he say same now ?
obama is projected to take an early lead tomorrow .until the republicans get off work .
me , my og , my oldest sister going to the obama rally tomorrow night {{mccormick place }} we will be seeing obama live !
but anyways , all my condolences go to the injured people in the brussels incident .
our hearts and prayers go out to all those in brussels !
my brother is in ireland for this st patricks weekend . so jealous
evidently st patrick's day started today . let's play two , go pawsox .
new jersey wants you to know it's doing just fine after hurricane sandy , and doesn't need volunteers or supplies
new jersey wants you to know it's doing just fine after hurricane sandy , and doe -hit skip
the group of top ten teams plays today . two of the tournament favorites play in the afternoon game , v .
i'm going for ronaldo 1 st goal and 2 -1 portugal
hurricane sandy need to go somewhere
hurricane sandy things are making me so stressed !
happy to you all , looking forward to seeing you all here in dublin in august for
frfr didn't know it was st . patricks day
so , this ebola thing seems a smidge out of control .
nydailynews : first ebola patient from sierra leone is on the run
further updates on the aftermath of sandy . forecast for our area coming soon .
checking on folks this morning . hope you're safe , if you're in sandy way .
what we know about low-cost airline germanwings : it might not have the same name recognition as ryanair or rt
[mashable] what we know about low-cost airline germanwings
dtn world news : flood threat from hurricane patricia : parts of mexico are at risk of major floods and landslid
flood threat from hurricane patricia : parts of mexico are at risk of major floods and lan |thedailypr
emma : i voted . me : you did ? for who ? emma : barrack obama me : don't tell grandpa . emma :ok.
remember obama's got our back ! unless we're white
i stand with every country affected by isis's bombings , not just paris .
1 of the 99 names of god is salaam , which means peace . i know so many muslims that go to great lengths to establish peace .
john oliver had the best response to the paris attacks . what a man .
muslim cleric blasted for claiming racism from west could have prompted paris attacks : a senior muslim cleric has come under fire for
haha and our current government do ? every life is equal . wake up .
joined colleagues from across the political spectrum in westminster hall this morning for vigil . pms statement at 3.30 pm .
happy st patrick's day !pretty sure one of my distant relatives twice removed is irish , so this holiday really hits home .
if you didn't say happy birthday or happy st patricks day to me , fuck you
praying for the people of paris . my heart is broken .
for all the people in france and paris , my heart goes to you !
hell yeah ! and happy st . patrick's day btw . go jays ! leafs suck !
happy st patrick's day from pizzeria 260
breaking u .s. ready for ebola : it's not the type of plane dr . kent brantly and nancy writebol likely
[cnn] u .s. ready for ebola : it's not the type of plane dr . kent brantly and nancy writebol lik
celebrating st . patrick's day a little early at the zoo .
it's looking like a white st . patrick's day - time
sandy , which crashed ashore with hurricane-force winds near new jersey is the biggest storm to hit the country in generations ,
i want the hurricane to hit my state so i dont have no school tomorrow .
magnitude -7.9 earthquake hits nepal : a large 7.9 -magnitude earthquake struck near nepal's capital kathmandu on saturday , according to
magnitude -7.9 earthquake hits nepal : a large 7.9 -magnitude earthquake struck near nepal's capital ka
i have a theory mt how is it that fox news ' top headline is clinton book and not 1 k-plus dead in nepal quake ?
breaking : raw : nepal quake kills dozens in india - | search
culminating in the attacks in paris . don't be so idealistic and pedestrian in your opinion when criticising the french . any civilian deaths
crown vic news listen to thundercat's tribute to the people who lost their lives in paris
so #h&m uses computer generated women to advertise women's clothes but use a real guy to market men's ?
halftime show now . want to see what songs all those artists will perform . looking forward to them .
thoughts go out to all the people still being kept hostage in sydney
more than 40 muslim organisation in australia have condemned the siege in sydney , the lunatics who has taken the
wreckage of helicopter with local marine onboard found in nepal
quake rescue tragedy : 3 bodies found at marine chopper wreck in nepal
sng picks : morning advantage : the high cost of hurricane sandy :
morning advantage : the high cost of hurricane sandy : vi
update : due to hurricane sandy album release has been rescheduled for this sunday november 4 th at liv
hurricane sandy was way worse than irene
i vote ukip . i'm glad is for part of the debate . he is forthright and has conviction .
the moment we all now that brits are better out of eu
the dutch look vulnerable at the back , poor finishing up front . hoping for a danish win
denmark have to teach netherlands how to finish chances
happy st . patrick's day everyone have safe fun
green pitcher to myself happy st patricks day
glad hurricane sandy didn't hurt u ! from what i read , she hit jamaica hard , put crocodiles in the yard ..hope it gets better soon
weakened hurricane sandy whips bahamas after killing 21 elsewhere , will soon - calgary hera
riot police fire water cannon at brussels protesters
businessinsider : police use water cannons on hundreds of protesters in brussels
top 5 fake hurricane sandy photos : hurricane sandy yielded striking fake images that eventua via news
hfc 19 % top 5 fake hurricane sandy photos : hurricane sandy yielded striking fake images that ev e-car
happy st patrick's dayyyy enjoy
happy st . saint patrick's day !!!
whatever happened to computerised election machines .results at the flick of a switch .i suppose we have to have drama queens .
after a dramatic night in longford , another recount , requested by , starts from 10.30 am .
i l o v e meeting new ppl .!! :) its fun gettin to knw smebdy && their beliefs .!#sxsw
sxsw who got the trees ? please let me know
bring it on sandy you little bitch
the weathers gonna be so bad because of hurricane sandy and i have like no sweaters . new york weather
breaking news : the suspected architect of the paris attacks was killed in a police raid wednesday , official
suspected ringleader of paris attacks killed in police raid , french prosecutors say
nepal survivors risk death to retrieve possessions : those who cheated death in the earthquake are sal
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/razfith5xd
happy st . patrick's day from co . mayo to all .
it is indeed an auspicious day . happy st patrick's day !
hms bounty abandoned amid sandy : the us coastguard rescues 14 of at least 16 people
hms bounty abandoned amid sandy : the us coastguard rescues 14 of at least 16 people forced to abandon the replica
happy st . patrick's day ! i hope you all have a lucky day !!
two posts today ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy 4 -leaf clover day ! happy green day ! happy lucky day ! happy st . patricks day ! may the luck be ever in your
u .s. mayors , brewers boycott st . patrick's parades
if u post sexy pics with us today make sure to add the hashtag , that way everyone can search mpp for super bowl related pics :)
i wonder where i'm watching the at ???
oh thank you my darling ! :d happy st . patrick's day ! :d
what are you or your employers doing to mark st patrick's day ?
news update public safety radio network encounters capacity challenges during brussels bombings
hasn't brussels suffered enough already ?
did you hear about the explosions at the boston marithion ? at least only 3 people died but that's still sad and bad
explosions in the boston marathon , it's awful : picture story .
hey , i've been waiting for you all hurricane season . let's keep the damage to a minimum though . ready
this the second hurricane since i been down here
what are the odds that the psychotic woman character in the movie i'm watching is named go f *#k yourself
montague found us while we were photographing aftermath of hurricane sandy
legit wish i was in . if professional activist was a thing i'd so do that .
i cannot stop keeping up with . i just want to be there . this is a human rights case . everyone should be doing something .
i'm so happy obama got elected again
do you happy for obama babe ? x
obama for president this ny1 u kno
he may not be anthony hopkins , but channing tatum is an obama supporter , so we have to give the guy credit for that !
ah , the euros have properly started . spain vs . italy - marvellous . why , hello mr casillas
could be a new record on the cards by not playing any strikers .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4wcci3su5m
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tdxvxrjuaq
big game for italy . let's take 3 points !
now italy v kroasia *grub c
no school because of hurricane !!!!!!! (: happy af .
increasing likelyhood of snow oct 29 -31 wv maybe loudoun , w fairfax counties as a result of sandy . stay tuned .
bad stuff going on over in paris right now . be safe , parisians .
if you're in paris need somewhere safe to stay , or can offer a safe haven for people , parisians are using hashtag .
datajunctions : nepal earthquake in maps , tweets and pictures .
roxymusic 8 : nepal earthquake in maps , tweets and pictures .
yeah , i was getting these fb invites as my power was going off
my power just came back after hurricane sandy :o what's up with you ?!
interviewed for 22 hours in sanity exam for movie theater shooting trial
watching the news post ottawa shooting is like something only ever seen on film
hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google is canceling an android launch event origi
hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google is canceling an android launc
(via just jared ) sarah jessica parker : still smiling after sandy !: sarah jessica parker returns to her manhattan
sarah jessica parker : still smiling after sandy !: sarah jessica parker returns to her manhattan residence on wed
please keep obama and family n prayer
congratulations to barack obama for having won the us presidential elections . we hope that ifrs gets implemeted in the us soon .
despite hurricane sandy , nxt wrestling live event in west palm beach still scheduled as planned
this hurricane is coming straight for delaware ! a direct hit !
we're open for lunch . come have a drink with us at the bar and celebrate st patricks day !
happy st patricks day weekend -b
3 seasons of spartacus ..n no familiar name on the greek team
don't understand why samaras doesn't play more in the middle . because that wing play just isn't going to cut it today
just awful : magnitude -7.4 earthquake strikes nepal : usgs via
a magnitude 7.4 earthquake has rocked nepal
we are giving away sandy instead of candy here on the east coast
that slut sandy has blown everyone on the east coast !
r 2 new hampshire villages have voted . obama wins 1 race 23 -9, while he romney are tied in the second race , 5 -5:
the mayans predicted the 2012 apocalypse . the mayans predicted romney is just another way to say it .
happy st . patricks day ! (bit late )
wow ironic that i relies i'm irish on st patricks day . o_o
just had to give god thanks again ! after seeing /hearing how bad sandy left so many places in nj /ny all i could do wa
if you haven't seen it yet , my new quasi-personal blog has diverse posts and a current observation on $$
buy seeds : mancunians light candles to remember 72 killed in lahore bomb massacre :
mancunians light candles to remember 72 killed in lahore bomb massacre : dozens of people paid th
we're hoping that all who dealt with last night are safe and sound this morning .
praying for all those affected by sandy and especially for all my friends on the east coast . can't wait to hear that you're all ok !
cnu is evacuating due to hurricane sandy . heading home to hampton , closer to the storm , sounds smart .
hurricane sandy is approaching the usa lawd have mercy .
a hurricane is all fun and games till you lose power and wifi .
emergency operations center opens fully at 10 a .m. on sunday
happy st patrick's day everyone ! has anyone ever actually seen a four leaf clover ?
happy st . patrick's day ! welcome , presented by
there's just suppose to be a hurricane hitting vancouver , no big fucking deal or anything .
oh my godddd . its ..a.hurricane. and were all going to .diee!!!
so sadthe world is falling apart god bless to brussels heart goes out to all xxxx
and the best quote goes to . . geez stop freaking out
celebrating st . patrick's day with a little sale !
i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day today until i heard something about it on the radio .
death toll from west africa ebola outbreakjumps to 603 : who
death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 : who : the death
tingookids : superstorm sandy frustrates fliers worldwide - cbs news : super
rainbow over today's sky offers glimpse of hope after hurricane . / after sandy !
only at sxsw would jay z be the only black person at his concert . thot it was a kanye gig for a hot second . :/
what do you think so far about the jay-z concert tonight ?
all journalist are in nepal . thats why .
nepal are currently asking for more rescue helicopters ,do we know of any going spare ! ;-)
happy st . patrick's day nialler :d
very nice ! fitting for st patrick's day
nyc mayor says nyc marathon will go on as planned after sandy
nyc mayor says nyc marathon will go on as planned after sandy : new york (ap) -- mayor michael bloomberg says the
woah boston , my heart goes out to you .
no need for any jokes about boston
i won't be able to watch the full match because of but cmon ireland !!!!!
did you see the sharon curley's pregnant one ?
seeing all the damage and the aftermath of in other places in the tri-state area is making me realize farmingdale got spared .
hey did the the hatchet man survive sandyhaven't heard anythingneeds to make my picks for upickem
happy st . patrick's day , tabitha !
happy st . patrick's day ! let's all get lucky today
nisha is being all agitated over hurricane sandy's name .
attention !itunes now accepting donations for the american red cross sandy relief efforts
i can't be at elder park tonight , but i will for refugees here at home .
this refugee situation needs a real solution , on a global scale
barack obama's 1 st speech for his 2 nd term as of the united states
go obama ! that's my president o :
mixed reports on the shots fired . could be fireworks
cnn reporting shots fired at police
a tree snapped in half on our front lawn and we have no power . =( heard to hoping my phone will last a bit .
if you want your phone to freeze , click on this ---
she can take my fckn starbucks and put all that creme all over herself .
glad to see advertisers are kicking it up a notch for the second half !
happy st . patricks day to all my irishmen out there .
happy st . patricks day . just another reason to have a beer ..
happy st . patrick's day .show us your green ?snowing here ,can't put out my flags .
happy st patrick's day everyone ! enjoy the day if you are celebrating !
can't wait for tonights and + post the big game !
what team does everyone like for the ? getting excited for the game !
fuck me ! it's st . patrick's day !
not just because it's st . patrick's day , but also because it worked with me
hope all my family are safe in the hurricane love you all so much x x x x x x x
starting the clean-up process with a saw . wasn't too kind to some of our trees . however , all cats are accounted for .
thank god for citizen journalism because the media is not covering anything in
cops in look better armed than our troops in
europe small businesses vital ? or not ? live shard london
britinfluence : vote leave pushed to reveal plans for second eu referendum
i'm really bothered by the in boston today
a facebook tribute page was up before the boston bombings took place !
mitt romney faces ethic charges for profiteering from auto bailout | breaking news for black america vote
ohio , florida and indiana are pro-romney in twitter according to twipolitico .check it out urself :
takes 'precautionary' steps after terror attack
catholic league shamelessly blamed charlie hebdo for the paris terror attack , seeing an opportunity to settle old scores . quite pathetic .
paris attacks : investigators face huge task
the one day i went to disneyland paris it rained all day
dj cleo's obama election win soundtrack 'the best is yet to come ' (free download )
obama wants everyone to be poormy families gunna lose everything were only middle class
david stern really just said hurricane katrina shows he really cares
wow david stern your an idiot its hurricane sandy not katrina
'i don't blame muslims for not laughing ': cartoonist : charlie hebdo's chief editor stephane charbonnier is one
'i don't blame muslims for not laughing ': cartoonist : charlie hebdo's chief editor stephane charbonn
do you know what it's like to have a hurricane named after you ? not pretty seeing go away and worse tweeted .
(reuters) in hurricane , twitter proves a lifeline despite pranksters
egyptair hijack ends with passengers freed unharmed , suspect arrested : larnaca , cyprus /cairo (reuters) - an egyptair plane flying fro
the harrowing escape from hijacked egyptair flight |
sandy is gonna take out more parked cars than alameda ta'amu
already hear sirens , i think sandy it's here
happy from are you wearing green today ?
happy paddy's day everyone . guinness on ya weetabix ?
because of the hurricane and stuff do u know what's gonna happen with monday's show ?
first day on twitter 15 tweets (this makes it 16 ) by the end of this hurricane i predict atleast 150
happy st . patricks day ! may the luck of the i r i s h kiss you !
happy st . patrick's day from our irish twins
england vs france can't wait can't wait can't wait
im trying to be pessimistic about our chances but it doesn't come naturally ! come on england !
is it me or are the itv commentators totally 'hating on ' torres ?!
torres looks like he's running in treacle
thinking of friends and colleagues in ottawa , and everyone affected by whatever senseless tragedy is now unfolding .
be safe , ottawa - you're in our prayers . let's hope the worst of this awful attack is over .
egyptair hijacker reportedly trying to contact estranged wifevia the irish times
or a hijacked plane , can get to some interesting places .
i also forgot that today is st patricks day
good morning allhappy monday happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! have you pinched anyone today ?
happy st . patrick's day ! we have plenty of green and other earth-tones throughout our found collection . come by and see it !
everyone who lives in the northeast please be safe in the next couple of days from sandy !!
mad at why she couldn't come tomorrow when i have my exams
yes . let's do daley center for for th 6 pm cst
killer cops have got to protest at police dept right now via
u .s. marine huey helicopter's wreckage is found in nepal
really rather enjoyed raising funds for great night
news reports gunfire and blasts as sydney hostages escape : at least five more hostages run from the build
gunfire and blasts as sydney hostages escape : at least five more hostages run from the building before police
portrait of sandy's victims becomes clearer : adventurers , pensioners , children and cops : record superstorm's swa
news ! portrait of sandy's victims becomes clearer : adventurers , pensioners , children and cops : record superstorm
praying for paris . you are in our thoughts and prayers .
praying for everyone in paris , my love goes out to them all
glory hallelujah !!! women voters pulled off this election for pres . obama with an 11 point gender gap !! the power of the vote .
and that is why i voted conservative . obama is labour , spend spend spend . hense the massive debt killing us now .
i liked a video raw : police arrive at bataclan concert hall in paris where hostage
did any video emerge of the attacks in paris ?
way to remind me of the hurricane haha -___-
essentials at the ready for a hurricane . wine , beer , croissants , cookies , and ice cream . all apple products are charging are at the ready .
every single one of them are scrots . hope the fai rot
someone left the sunroof open on the bloody caravan !!
ready to punch my vote for obama tomorrow .
what do you like the most about obama ?
oh idk why i thought virginia . i was gonna say i don't need to do shit , sandy will get your ass hahaha
us department of labor provides grant to aid nj communities following hurricane sandy [11/01/2012]
italy vs germany today , who will get to face spain in the finals ? we shall see ! :3
germany to beat italy and spain and win
enough tweets nowteam malenge sana
jormans looking favourites to win the euros at the moment , maybe peaked too early
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gzqrh3ok9d
-- europe : no more drownings -- join the global call now //t.co/xste0xcjgx
it's 00 :01 on march 17 th 2014 officially in ireland . irish (beasties) eyes r smiling
it's 00 :01 on march 17 th 2014 officially in ireland . an irish blessing for ya
happy st . patricks day . let's eat cake !!
happy st patricks day to you too :o) fab pic ! x
lawmaker says he's willing to take a bullet for young protesters
queensway looks empty , probably as protesters heeded calls to stay at harcourt road
lleessss gooo gerrmaaanyy , get that w todayy !!!! portugal's too soffttt , they aint ready
fuck hvor godt stephan andersen !
already big drug shortages in eds and in ems systems . now come 2014 w / obama care hope no one needs to go to the emergency room
yay obama won ! that means jesus is coming soon :d
stay safe to everyone on the east coat , you're in my thoughts and prayers !
niggas gassin sandy head up , she aint gon do shit
andscene ! we're out , . thanks for having us , austin , texas , we had a blast ! hope you had fun with the crew .
stellar . u guys are the best . 'til next year ! now to go die in my bed .
so while some of you are cheering because obama won , and some are crying because romney lostcont .
turned off the obama speech to listen to the .
what are you doing to celebrate ? here are 17 options for you ! irish i could do all of them !
we hope that everyone has been enjoying a fun and safe st . patrick's day weekend !! be sure to wear your green
happy st . patricks day everyone . godzilla blazers thru tsa .
omg i disn't even know that today's st . patrick day , we don't celebrate it here
: go green for st . patrick's day with
st patricks day bash has taken the cake
if you're going to sxsw get here its a must
really wish i was at sxsw right now . maybe next year !!! who's with me ?!?
when are schools going to finally get to the point where they don't have classes on st . patricks day
kinda forgot it was even st . patricks day .. too much on my mind man
i'm not ready fr sandy at all
somebody came as sandy from grease how ironic
good morning lovelies x happy st patrick's day x
happy st patricks day , i guess niall will tweet today
i'm going with a germany rout v italy .
let the game begin germany vs italy
happy st . patricks day from continental !
happy st . patrick's day to you all . may the luck of the irish be with you all !
paris terror attack very similar to mumbai's 26 /11: us security experts
paris terror attacks : 153 killed , president hollande declares emergency -
[wp] sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims : the hostage sta
sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims from
what would have happened if the result had been a dead heat ?
great politico tv in run up to , so refreshing (unusual) to see reason hold sway over arrogance /patronisation/insult/shouting
coverage tonight uk : live on bbc one , bbc one hd full coverage on bbc radio 5 live . live text commentary on the bbc sport website
just played the final on fifa it was a 2 -2 draw with italy winning in pens 4 -3 ?
it is worring that landmarks , especially sydney opera house has been evacuated !
the government has delaued the release of myefo scheduled 12.30 pm press conference until further notice due to the
if you're not celebrating st . patricks day by getting drunk and singing whiskey in the jar , you're doing it wrong
get green , save 8 % on st patrick's day w / green 8 coupon code starts 3 -17-14 ends 3 -28-14
gunman in ottawa attack identified as michael zehaf-bibeau
ottawa jihadist michael zehaf-bibeau ?: 5 fast facts you need to know ?
happy st . patrick's day james !i love you so much xx
happy st patricks day to usa's best irish runner !
the maps still look eerily red
i wonder if there's going to be any late night calls to battleships in other time zones .
why has every other college cancelled classes tomorrow but vassar ? sandy's coming !!!!
makes me more wet than hurricane sandy could !!
i can't get over that cop (pointing the gun and threatening to kill ). he needs to be fired immediately .
he's try'n 2 shore up the after his ineptness over nothing more .
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at klga ! make sure to wear your green so you don't get pinched !
top 'o the mornin ' on this st . patrick's day !
i always knew romney was slow but he exceeds himself today concede . winning debates is not enough
pics from tonight at rockefeller center ! befriended a trio of brits and had a marvelous time :
that awkward moment when you don't realize it st .patricks day
and a very happy st patrick's day to you too . x
men !!! we have to take the back !!! lol
madonna for half-time show . lady gaga song over highlights . gayest ever . whoo !
wsj : paris attacks push facebook , twitter users to new tools : social-media
paris attacks push facebook , twitter users to new tools : social-media firms facebook and twitter
germanwings plane crash : the cost of learning to fly an airplane is very high and
((cada dia )) germanwings plane crash : the cost of learning to fly an airplane is very high and the airlines companies offers very lim
thank you for all the wonderful pictures along the way ! they lift my heart knowing so many people love mi
why would anyone vote for romney , i don't get it
as we watch the president go about doing his job post-sandy , this stuff just sounds increasingly shrill and out of sync .
from the sounds of it hurricane sandy has come the east part of the uk
have you voted yet ? do your civic duty and get out there !
did you vote yet ? prevent drastic budget cuts to all public schools including charter schools . support prop . 30
sitonthehood : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
today out thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the tragedy of paris .
obama : now's the time for an open and transparent process to see that justice is done
says now is time for peace calm , open and transparent process to ensure that justice is done .
looks like he's enjoying st patricks in dublin !
idk it's st . patrick's day there should be parties eerrrywhere . lets get crrrrrrunk
st . patricks day selfies , and why not ?
happy st patrick 's day everyone x
nepal is bad . but i'm all like
the earthquake is only the people from nepal's issue but he's still sending condolences to them !
charlie hebdo : a profile of the french satirical magazine via
the latest issue of charlie hebdo contains an attack on michel houellebecq for being anti-islam . they slag everyone
hurricane sandy could leave 10 million in the dark : hurricane sandy , the storm barreling toward the e
hurricane sandy could leave 10 million in the dark : hurricane sandy , the storm barreling toward the east coast o
jac naylor is handling the q a but has the people skills of the ebola virus
so jac naylor has the people skills of the ebola virus !
ebola virus spreads in west africa
please pray with us for west africa . since february 2014 there have been 441 ebola outbreaks . :-( many people and
just wanted to take a sec and commend all who voted . wish president obama congrats for being re-elected . may the path ahead be endeering .
the election is over obama won , so wtf y'all worried about now ?
ap interview : unesco chief says nepal cultural sites 'huge disaster ' after earthquake : the head of the u (fox)
ap interview : unesco chief says nepal cultural sites 'huge disaster ' after earth
hurricane sandy : redwood cu gathering cross-country relief
a few ways to help those affected by sandy via
i thought st patrick day was in april lol
tomorrows st patrick day cody .
happy st . patricks day to my favorite leprechaun in the whole world
happy st . patrick's day all from . even the sun's gone green thanks to stereo .
metta's giants win and kobe's patriots lose at lakers ' super bowl party
. however i like most bowls .
and we are open ! and it's st . patricks day ! plus we have corned beef ruebens , $5 car bombs , $3.50 guiness , $3 bud
happy st patrick's day !! come to soho if you are keen for a wee guinness .
president has tasked the fbi and doj to independently investigate the death of
obama : i have tasked both the fbi and dept of justice to independently investigate the death of in
happy saint patrick's dayophelia getting ready for the parade tomorrow ..
lovely blessing for st . patrick's day .
celebrating st . patricks day at kobe's !
i wanna do st patrick's day fun
thanks , sasha ! happy st patrick's day ! :)
hope everyone had a smashing good st . patrick's day !
cnn health : ebola : just the facts : dr . sanjay gupta breaks down the symptoms and origins of the virus that is
dtn health : ebola : just the facts : dr . sanjay gupta breaks down the symptoms and origins of the virus that is
sandy trap you at home ? bored or stressed ? let me give you some relief .
anyone else thinking hurricane sandy is the beginning of the end of the world ?
last hurricane my brother was locked up i knew he was good !
my phone battery better make it through the hurricane
today in lawrence : st . patrick's day madness : x
happy st patrick's day ! nuclear )
patrick beverly whammed it on chris bosh sheesh
patrick beverly just dunk faced on chris bosh !!!
will take a draw was sure we was gonna lose !! !
wanted a win but a draw is better than losing !
breaking : police now say at least 140 killed in paris attacks .
pls genuinely pray from paris from the bottom of your heart
happy st patrick's day to you all ! will you be dressing up for the occasion ?
happy st . patricks day to all you irish blues .
bought the sunday nation so i can read about how the unfolded but there are only 3 pages on it . fuck off
still practicing to draw eifel tower
did you find the way out to hep and donate to nepal ?
rescuers find 3 quake survivors in nepal : rescuers find 3 quake survivors in nepal
the islamic attacks on paris : reflections on the aftermath
so they say it was but some says it was were on betrayed
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bfzam7isju
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rmztewcb42
usa today : backlog of fliers marooned by sandy is shrinking , airlines say
backlog of fliers marooned by sandy is shrinking , airlines say : most airlines are confident they can quickly clear their backlogs of
i love michelle obama if i could have a gf that stood behind me like she does barack i'll worship the ground she walks on
next biggest financial loser in yesterday's election after - billionaire sheldon adelson - millions 2 newt - then lose
brussels holds moment of silence for attack victims : a large crowd o
brussels holds moment of silence for attack victims via
only the yanks . keeping stats on coin tosses . :d#superbowl
i predicted tails too , but it turned out being heads . dammit
in honor of st . patrick's day tomorrow , i will be watching the boondocks saints all day .
st patricks day for the white people lol
what's a celebration without . happy st . patrick's day . enjoy it in style with rvl !
happy saint patrick's day ! visit today to see some inspiration : )
they dont like obama . i dont like him for what he stands in . im not rasist . like i said im attracted to some black dudes im not
food stamps are a gift from the devil (obama) being poor and hungry should be a felony imho
italy v germany in the 2 nd semi na na italia !!!
kick off . italy vs germany , may the best team wins ! but for me , forza italia
our thoughts and prayer goes to the people in paris , as well as our french friends here in the states .
my prayers go out to the victims in paris . rip .
not a classic . plenty of drama , but dull as fuck quite honestly
ends 1 -1, hosts poland were supposed to cruise opener , in the end greece were a penalty save from glory . now for
done got 4 more years in the white house
people who are hoping obama haters don't benefit from the change in this country or get screwed are just as bad as the haters
boston marathon bombing : patton oswalt and comedians offer poignant hope : along with the popular stand up /actor's facebook note , many
boston marathon bombing : patton oswalt and comedians offer poignant hope
happy st patricks day , now go pinch someone and have a shamrock shake , lol
st . patricks day fun n games
official : ebola kills senior doctor in liberia : ebola kills senior doctor at liberia's
official : ebola kills senior doctor in liberia : ebola kills senior doctor at liberia's controla
david stern just said his thoughts are with the people affected by hurricane katrina
david stern hurricane katrina was years ago ! its sandy !!
what a mother will do to protect her cub - pregnant woman dangling from a paris window during attacks is safe via
iraqi pm says islamic state plans subway attacks in us and paris - daily times
lmaooo we will do the track in the hurricane
nah i'm home cause hurricane sandy don't know how to act
hurricane sandy deals a body blow to air travel : the aviation world is used to cleaning up the delays their sche
should just face the devastating effects of hurricane
i know her ! medic ! sarah rathburn aka buns ! check this out ! rugby alumni from long beach !
urgent search for 6 marines on military helicopter and survivors of new
bbc news uk rescue to resume after nepal quake : rescue work is to resume after the latest deadly earthquake in
rescue to resume after nepal quake : rescue work is to resume after the latest deadly ea
gov . martin o'malley politicizes hurricane sandy with dig at bush
orders gaming halted as of 3 pm sunday in atlantic city in preparation for 4 pm evac
quite a few of my regularly visited websites are down this morning , must be due to the hurricane . =( stay safe everyone !
pmsl , on form this morning . we've got a hurricane outside paris now !
russia v poland will heated encounter
groupa-poland v russia | venue : national stadium warsaw , warsaw , poland | referee : wolfgang stark (germany)
breaking : missouri governor jay nixon declares state of emergency and curfew in
governor jay nixon declares emergency order and curfew in .
the state is calling their 14 th witness , a sean patrick rens
the state is calling their 14 th witness , a sean patrick rens - ^cv
what sandy did was really not funny at all
can't get over these hurricane sandy twitter accounts . gold .
happy st patrick's day everyone . a little 'beetainment' can you find our bee ???
happy st patrick's day wooo
hoping the best for team in the next hours cc
not trynna get caught up in sandy today .. vball practice doesn't end till 5 :30!
best thing to come out of sandy are and redesigns .
economists weigh in on sandy's impending financial fury (science daily )
sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel
sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel explored the very real possibilit
happy st . patricks day !!! don't drink and drive ,
oh right , happy saints patrick day ! don't pinch me . it's not my holiday .
damages world's oldest buddhist shrine via
twice lucky -105 year old man 1934 earthquake survivor rescued alive
where's the hurricane party , one of you bitches gotta step up
i could really give a shit about this hurricane . honestly , let's all move along ..
powerful insight // tweet against the storm : hurricane sandy made it rough to do business on
via | tweet against the storm : hurricane sandy made it rough to do business on the east coast . but
hope things go well with paris .
pace hemingway - if you are lucky enough to have been to paris ever , then wherever you go for the rest of your life it stays with you
hello !sxsw music festival supplement : herein resides the chronicle's annual music festival supplement , with indi
jay-z tips his hat to leroy jenkins at sxsw
world is going to hell !! isis , baltimore , nepal , others im sure
levavi oculos meos .. a lot of people in nepal will be asking this question . ecce non dormitabit neque dormiet , that's our hope .
another odd thing about twitter , it creates the illusion that people care about things like sxsw . it's like a mirag
going to play a contest to win some sxsw vip tickets :)
i need sumbody 2 k watch the wit nd then get a quickie in at halftime ;)
i heard on today . might have to step the game up a little
all of my best ideas involve jail time .
i didn't know st patricks day was such a big thing here
sending prayers for all those affected by hurricane sandy . my uncle just got his power back on .
this new yorker had a front row seat to both hurricane sandy and 9 /11
. who cares i want big time rush !!!!!!!
will be watching the event with the funny ads tonight . still trying to figure out what goes on between commercial breaks . .
for years i have waited for this moment on for the children of scotland rise and prove us right
don't worry scotland ! if uchange yer mind ,they'll have u back !;)#indyref
the night and i dont go out is st .patricks day
the best thing about st .patrick's day is corn beef !
oh no !! that is crazy . there should be a contingency plan that doesn't involve anyone driving thru a hurricane .
there might be a hurricane tommorow u know wat that means no school ppl
good , do it . we are not afraid : danish newspaper to print charlie hebdo cartoons on islam
thoughts are with the families and friends of those killed and injured today .
happy st patricks day to all our friends x
my freckles say , happy st . patrick's day !!! :)
breaking nepal shaken by deadly earthquake : latest : death toll tops 1,800 google exec among at least
nepal shaken by deadly earthquake : latest : death toll tops 1,800 google exec among at least 13 kill (via
happy st . patrick's day !! out my project on kickstarter
happy saint patrick's day ! i forgot to wear green but it's okay my shirt can pass and i have my slytherin scarf on ! :p
we as educators want to remember those in boston . this terrible tragedy will be remembered by the caring
i didnt tweet about boston because it was something of too much meaning for me to even use words to define my feeling
happy st patricks day from all of us at we are oh studios !
happy st patricks day lads and ladies
happy st . patrick's day to your little sweetie ! thanks for sharing , stephie !
happy st patrick's day cheryl have a great day ! :d x
nsw premier mike baird asks the state and australia to pray for hostages being held in the
premier mike baird has red puffy eyes and a long face - looking weary and emotional .
just heard meatloaf is doing a gig to support mitt romney . brillianthate meatloaf now .
mitt romney in campaign rally for the last time . via
happy st . patrick's day from the least irish person you know .
every day at , we say we're ! happy st . patrick's day !
i'm kinda liking the hurricane , no school and good cuddling weather xd
i don't know about you guys , but i'd rather go to school and have no hurricane than have a hurricane and have no school
here's a challenge : how to design a customer journey for providing recovery assistance ? in this case , is good .
international bodies intensify rescue operations
group of death back in action at . both portugal netherlands could be eliminated today .
da germany v holland game is going 2 be bare beef later !
happy st patricks day , wahey !!!
happy st patrick's day to all , may the luck of the irish be with you today and always x
i don't remember any curfew on why is now a
read this national review online article about and :
most uneventful st . patrick's day ever , you wouldn't believe it .
happy st . patricks day tx
via sandy kills 11 in cuba , batters bahamas
sandy kills 11 in cuba , batters bahamas | via
happy st patricks day ! can we shoot soon ? xx
from all of us at vallergas market , we hope you have a happy st . patrick's day !
wdrb news alert : at least 2 americans were killed in brussels terror attack .
6 detained in raids connected to terror attacks
looking forward to watching the super bowl later !
28 /1 tip of the day was : villa , ireland , united & ny giants . here's hoping to 4 out of 4 !
happy st patrick's day . taken in killarney ireland on our honeymoon .
i love being irish ! happy st patrick's day everybody !
breaking : investigators think a pilot may have been locked out of the cockpit before a germanwings plane crashed in france .
gut-wrenching bit on the germanwings crash .
given up their home to help people in nepal rebuild theirs .
great efforts of volunteers are successful to serve slfless humanitarian wrks in nepal
typhoon hagupit tears down newly-built homes in disaster-weary philippines
google news typhoon hagupit makes landfall in philippines as 1 million flee -
the italian floppin tm ..n torres playin like he has never played on a big stage b4 , he can't find the goal nor make a gd pass smh
torres fails to find the back of the net after being through on goal . (85')
happy st patrick's day everyone . enjoy your day off in ireland . let the flow
snow in for mar 17 ! oh well , my pilot loves these road conditions ! happy st patricks day ! :)
my prayers have been with paris tonight . i just have no words .
our thoughts are with those who have lost loved ones in paris . - teamfitflash
abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested last week in brussels , r
buy marijuana seeds : abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah a
st . patrick's day actually has nothing to do with jesus christ .
someone is ready for st . patrick's day .
my ac3 didn't get delivered yesterday , presumably because of sandy . here's to hoping it gets here today . :p
incoming calls still down from hurricane sandy - please use temp numbers to call us - cornerstone - 941 -548-4162
paris live : 2 hostage situations continue , 2 reportedly dead in kosher grocery store - via
*** breaking ***dual hostage situations in france
omg the commish of the nba said hurricane katrina . wow
stern just said hurricane katrinasmh
ann romney was apparently experiencing some exhaustion on the campaign trail this weekend . imagine the people carrying th
yea right negro if you're 21, im the son of president obama that nobody knows about
right now it's 11 :11am in lahore , pakistan sending love where it's needed 3
bomb blast in lahore claims 65 lives and leaves more than 300 injured in children park
obama's daughters are growing so fast ! who should take malia on her first date ?! tell us with your answer coul
how will obama's immigration reform affect pinoys ?
why would they have merica monday on st . patricks day
glad to see you with such st . patrick's day spirit
whoever can get a download copy thingie of little things on i will love forever ! i'm tryin t get it b4 sandy hits .
get the latest on what you can expect from sandy . by this account , she could show up any time , now .
happy st .patricks day to my favorite irish man out there .
happy st . patrick's day :) cindy
we well , paris , we're thinking of you .
perhaps more accurate to say 'paris under attackagain '.
wow . i wish we could we have fireworks but people are tryna recover from the sandy lol .
join us for a tomorrow on maintaining mental health after disasters w / experts from
rw talking heads bloggers bemoaning pres obama gov christie helping victims , expressing their pri
places to donate / volunteer in nyc (i'm headed to chinatown this am )
i suppose you see this tweet as words of support ???
how will brexit affect uk employers and employees in short and longer term ?
scary - comparing hurricane sandy with irene
i was in new york last year for hurricane irene . love the way they come up with these names for hurricanes
the video we just watched in biology 2
dont give a shit about st patricks day wtf
thank you very much , johnny ! happy st patrick's day to you too ! go easy on the guinness now ! ;)
happy st . patricks day everybody . i hope you all have a good day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rt obama did not win because of the color of his skin but he has a plan for us all !!
no . but it's over now . obama just won colorado , so ..
ann coulter says romney will win , nate silver says obama will win . decisions , decisions .
hey americans ! vote for not mitt romney ! like most of the world , i strongly support not mitt romney's policy of not bei
rebecca harrington : mtv shines spotlight on up and coming artists at sxsw : by elijah watson , the daily
rebecca harrington : mtv shines spotlight on up and coming artists at sxsw
netherlands vs denmark , , i'd like denmark to put up a good fight , but the dutch are going to be too strong !
netherlands vs denmark - netherlands to win 3 -1
breaking news : several people killed by masked gunmen at paris office of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo ,
eleven people were killed and 10 injured in shooting at the paris offices of the satirical weekly charlie hebdo
i was sad to see a smart guy like jim sillars sounding like a ukipper on
register to watch eu debate and learn more about
you heard about what happened in sydney but did you also hear about what happened in pakistan or what is happening in the us ?
first sydney and now pakistan , and i'll be praying for both
even at 50 + is one the best entertainers of our time ! what an entrance
i think i would rather see the giants win rather than watch more of this show
rt : samir nasri !! 1 -1. now that's what i'm talking about . its on , buddy . its on .
samir nasri ,how about that for a goal .back to square one ,the 3 lions should now come out of the docks
don't think i've ever worn green on saint patricks day oh well
trent hancock at st patrick's day gathering ; great gibson guitar
it's st . patrick's day !! we're open and ready to celebrate / breakfast-corn beef /cabbage, homefries , omelets , burritos , sausage /bacon more
as it's st patrick's day here's my favourite irish band , pugwash .
revelations about pilot add to mystery of germanwings crash : a senior french official
revelations about pilot add to mystery of germanwings crash : a senior french official participating in t (nyt)
final st . patrick's album . some photos in this album showcase what happens to your brain when you've shot
so since st patricks day is tomorrow i was trying to find my two 4 leaf clovers that i had found a couple years ago
pray for paris , as i will , but until we are united front against terrorists then we are just a world broken into pieces trying it all alone .
watching cnn about the paris terrorist attack , why oh why ? :(
what even is the point of st . patrick's day without ? come baaaack to us :'(
may you all have a great st .patricks day !!!#proudtohaveirishblood#kissingtime
prayers please !! we have 3 clients in paris . i received a text from them and they are fine . they were within 300
thinking of everyone in paris . so sad to think i was in paris 2 and a bit weeks ago
10 of my friends 'like' mitt romney . that's a of only 2.21 % !!! how low is your romneyrate ?
i will spin for for the squad o yea and fuck mitt romney
all i see on twitter is people talkin shit on romney or obama
before twitter becomes a political nightmare , there is something i must get off my chest . romney is a dumbass . thank
waiting matchday 2 in group c . .italy vs croatia . .
group c matchday 2 : italy vs kroatia
top news : deadly ebola virus reaches lagos , nigeria
top news : deadly ebola virus reaches lagos , nigeria : (cnn) - a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's
about to check in live in washington dc with storm preps for hurricane sandy .
i know the answer !!!! sandy is a girl !!!
day of temptations - it's holi ,festival of colours today in india and st patrick's day . we will be surrounded with
why do people celebrate st . patricks day when half of them aren't even irish ..?
'corporations are not people , which is easy to say , but alsotrue .' al gore
al gore - corporations are not people ! where was this al gore in 2000 ?
happy st . patrick's day !!!! are you wearing green today ? :d xx
happy st . patrick's daymake sure you wear green or you will get a pinch from a leprachaun hahahah : d
most likely . democrats like obama . republicans don't like romney , they just hate obama .
any vote not cast for obama is a vote for romney
york library group photo york st . patrick's day parade pa
it's st . patrick . not st . padrick . assholes .
at the technology accelerator hearing companies pitch their ideas
hello austin ! here i come ! bergstrom international airport (aus) w /
enter to win passes to a private mashable sxsw screening : mashable is hosting a private screening o
enter to win passes to a private mashable sxsw screening : mashable is hosting a private screen ,
better start this st . patricks day with an irish coffee . by that i just mean a cup of baileys .
it's 4 pm on st patrick's day and i haven't had a drink yet i'm sorry for letting the side down
so many good people in paris doing the right thing and not being afraid of these animals .
my friend who lives in paris still hasn't replied to my text
i wish i cared about st . patrick's day .
reppin reptar on st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day !! seattle folks : biggest celebrations are at - have fun !
casually repping power rangers for my in .
shades of green at the office today -- happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks day ! make sure you have your green on . people like to pinch today !
just watching clips of the boston marathon and am stunned at the number of photographers that ran up to take a photo and then walked off
live coverage from boston marathon -
alhayatee : nepal earthquake death toll passes 2,400
gracehaeko : nepal earthquake death toll passes 2,400
we are open for business as usual this st .patricks day
st patricks days is tomorrow . turn up .
happy st patricks day to all the irish .if don't want to go all the way in the city to celebrate then come celebrate at your local
legis : andersson 4 rep : wonderful outpouring of community support at the saint charles saint patrick's day para
west africa : fear of ebola breeds a terror of physicians
fear of ebola breeds a terror of physicians l nyt
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/2zk38tagvp
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/guhlr1nnnr
bella the small peach horse from paris
i think it could mean that terrorists can also be atheists . the attackers were terrorists because they were tho .
i take st . patrick day serious cause i never wear green
i guess for st patrick's day
szczney what have you done , yet very lucky , tyton you machine
tyton with a save ! poland still level with greece ! 10 v . 10 with 20 minutes to go .
eurozone seals grand bargain to help crisis-hit italy and spain .is this sheer coincidence .
not going to any of my games tomorrow for the final
haha nice , i was about to step in and hurricane sandy was like nope you can stand in the rain for a little longer .
survived no worse for the wear . feeling guilty about wishing it was more exciting . ?
paris attacks : french lawyer , spanish engineer , u .s. design student among first named victims : a young french
paris attacks : french lawyer , spanish engineer , u .s. design student among first named victims via
most people get the shakes after st patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day ! pass the potatoes for more nutritional benefit than you may have thought
how to prevent you your loved ones from contracting the deadly ebola virus via
[9ja olofofo ] how to prevent you your loved ones from contracting the deadly ebola virus
death toll in paris attacks rises to 129 - channels television : channels televisiondeath toll in paris attacks
vigil outside of toronto city hall for the paris attacks
what school is dumb enough to not cancel school when there's a hurricane ?
no school forr the next 2 days , lets go party through hurricane sandy
darren wilson supporter rushed away from protests video :
my lose a rb or two , still in shambles , and i only completed a half-arse workout . at least my cursing is down .
sandy's tail is whipping us good right now . ok thunder lightening , time for you to be on your way
explaining song lyrics to an 11 year old after wine - while waiting to be shipped to brooklyn post sandy so intense . ??!
obama mama must put it down in the bedroom cuz he loves the fuck out of his wife !
if there's any relationship you want to mimic it should be barack michelle's .
thanks wishing you a great st . patrick's day !
thank you , happy st patricks day hugs to you too !
feeling lucky ? st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day from me and my best .
people watching of st . louis ' finest . oye . patrick's day parade w /
running the kelly baltimore's st . patrick's day parade shamrock 5 k tomorrow ? a handful of lucky runners caught
despite the devastation caused by sandy , 100 s of new yorkers line up 4 the ipad mini .
mayor bloomberg is doing a excellent job dealing with the clean up from
weekend been good , tomorrow about to be better
i'm going to get beat up at house tomorrow because i'm going all out for new york go giants :'d 3
happy st patricks day to all my twitter friends both near and far , mwahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
uk - travel news - thousands expected to take part in st patrick's day parades across northern ireland
happy st patricks day for yesterday .imma bit late lol
happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! thanks for the green beer toast at the end of the day ,
i'm actually ashamed to be part of america due to this situation .
the situation in makes my problems seem really insignificant .
get lit : 15 industry-approved candles to burn in a post-sandy black out : millions of people have been left in th
va |bespoke intel : get lit : 15 industry-approved candles to burn in a post-sandy black out :
if you mark yourself safe from the nepal earthquake , you're just a massive bellend really .
why the fuck are irish people marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake ?
reuters : germanwings airbus crashes in french alps , 150 feared dead
germanwings , french alps , 148 feared dead
not a st patricks day parade , tony !
happy st . patrick's day . for parade and pub info
lmfaoo these hurricane sandy tweets . i cantt
long lines at early voting site in col heights to get ahead of sandy . but what can ya do .
should i go to brussels ? latest travel advice : brussels ' transport system has gone into lockdown an (via
should i go to brussels ? latest travel advice : brussels ' transport system has gone into lockdown and fore
i will say i put my trust in obama but fuck we were so clode .
well obama won now let's see what happens now
pakis rape kids : obama , romney focus on swing states in late campaigning : president barack ob
pakis rape kids : obama , romney focus on swing states in late campaigning : president barack oba
i never thought i would ever feel sorry for pepe but that should have been a goal .
that goal wasn't over the line from the looks of it
no one really cares about st . patricks day
the first thing i think of when it's st patricks day haha
obama really kares about our country and you kan hear it in his speech
2 termz straight up g . that's it .
oh yeah happy st .patrick's day too
happy st . patrick's day from hotline ! today's line-up :
woke up to the news about the boston marathon explosions
woke up to the news of the boston marathon blasts . :
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/61vnq8eyyo
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zjz8qt6y15
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bzi3ylzfyn
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/epg8qctqud
love prayers for we get from middle east europe africa asia around the globe - let u .s. keep them in
our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by today's explosions in boston .
would tea party accept a bill clinton-brokered deal with obama ? (christian science monitor ): share wi
would tea party accept a bill clinton-brokered deal with obama ? (christian science monitor ): share with friends :
dear world's media : this is *not* a selfie , it's a plain old-fashioned photograph .
police ask court to remand egyptair alleged hijacker in custody for 8 days - afp via
tomorrow is st . patricks day i'm already annoyed
i don't understand st . patrick's day
mitt romney is still rich tho
mitt romney heading to hotel headquarters but doesn't want to leave car . lol
that's how you know it's st . patrick's day . so sorry i missed your set last night btw . heard it was incredible .
i remind me some foggy memories about that day . i m joining you at 8 . keep seats by waiting . should be full
happy st . patrick's day ! not that i celebrate it since according to urness i am in fact norwegian
happy st . patrick's day love you all !!! xx
goodmorning and happy st . patricks day lol
happy st patrick's day and anniversary ?
hurricane sandy has been in new york longer than dana altman was in fayetteville .
i use to hate hurricane season when i live in florida
we understand that you may be living in an area impacted by hurricane sandy and we hope this tweet finds you and your family safe .
hurricane sandy did some damage i'm sad alot of ppl died around my aunt and everywhere else smh that's sad !!
due to hurricane sandy early voting will be extended in some states . absentee voting for military will not be extended for any reason . why ?
i think hurricane sandy jr has touched down in the midwest
happy st patrick's day to irish friends and family !
happy st patrick's day twitter monkeys !!!!!!!
dual hostage crisis ends : charlie hebdo suspects killed , several hostages freed at paris market , afp says
pray for paris . the police have the charlie hebdo terrorists cornered , and there is a second hostage crisis in
govt , ngos continuing to assess hagupit damage in tacloban : farmers in isolated communities need the most help
news asia govt , ngos continuing to assess hagupit damage in tacloban
the sun the moon and the stars .but when .#tax and more
first full day of electioneering and i am already bored with it .
update that's a leprechaun dunking at houston rockets game - seriously , what would st . patrick's day be without a
that's good then . also happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick day ! enjoy the day everybody !
happy patricks day to the pish holy happy day to everyone else .x
looks like jay-z's the king of sxsw this year !
i'm not going to sxsw this year , and march 20 is open on my calendar .
arrogance in overdrive is the only way 2 describe obama his conduct during the election ! ignorance can only describe those who vote 4 him !
not in the land of make believe that obama lives in .i live in the real world my man . lol
congratulations barack obama on your second term as president well deserved !
.. i think is a little too exicted that obama won .
going to sxsw ? make sure you see this first : 65 people sharing their best advice on getting the most f
rt every 1 please retweet for sxsw rt
apparently , pearson intl . cancelled 200 flights this morning . is it really that bad ? hurricane
superduper storm sandy (original narration by randall ) via
y'all americans better vote for obama or y'all gon ' get yo ass kicked
romney is not gonna create jobs , he lies . his job is to give the rich tax breaks . he said it and then lied about it
i really hope sandy destroys all possible locations for a football practice to be held
it's already starting .. it gonna be crazy !!
ebola worries fears that traveler may have spread virus in africa : low risk of ebola outbre
ebola worries fears that traveler may have spread virus in africa : low risk of ebola
germanwings co-pilot was muslim convert /lib media won't mention this but this is the mantra of the converts
co-pilot intentionally crashed via
anti -#gay activist scott lively marches in st . patrick's day parade ..#towleroad
us : anti-gay evangelist scott lively marches in boston st patrick's parade , gays remain banned
at least 20 confirmed dead in brussels according to sky news . tune into good day fox 4 for the very latest .
using the attacks this morning as an anti-eu platform is insensitive and calculated . even if we left , brussels would still be in brussels .
the big teams generally hit you and hurt you , both in defence and attack .
why should i be supporting england ? i've lived in nederland much longer than i've lived here . so it's all about oranje for me .
incredible loud spontaneous round of applause at at just passing mention of obama victory !
congratulations m . president obama ! europe is so grateful 2 welcome u again as president of the usa ! what a wonderful morning !
divert's gist :::: [news] lil wayne performs at sxsw 2012 event : lil wayne honored his partnership with
hiphopdx [news] lil wayne performs at sxsw 2012 event : lil wayne honored his partnership
happy st . patrick's day from your dear friend kstew ! explains st . paddy's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! loved all the green today .
it's here : president obama , mitt romney wrap-up their bids for presidency
5 things you can do right now to help obama win
can't believe the boston bombings :o
thoughts and prayers to all effected by the boston bombings
video : hijabed muslima rips apart , hides israeli flag at brussels memorial site : eve
video : hijabed muslima rips apart , hides israeli flag at brussels memorial site : even t
going to make st . patricks spam for niall just for today hahahahah
happy st . patrick's day from . like you needed another reason to wear green !
lucky not to be red ? i know it's quite far out but krohn-dehli was through on goal
finally some excitement to my day
' foreign minister says 3 dutch citizens killed in attacks (ap)
breaking : netherlands ' foreign minister says 3 dutch citizens killed in brussels attacks : via
to everyone :yes i know it's st . patricks day .no i'm not wearing green .no we are not in elementary school .yes i'll kill if you pinch me .
happy st . patricks day to all those who actually know today is st . patricks day
this horrific crime needs to end ! my heart with the family of the fallen victims in the shooting in paris !
60 hostages being held in a paris nightclub . an american band from palm desert was playing in the club .
mta to waive fares till end of week both on buses and subways
dear sandy ,it would be really cool if you cancelled school again for us day 3 . please and thank you .love, all of fairport
corned beef , cabbage , potatoeshappy st . patrick's day !
happy st .patricks day ! it's been raining here all day !
well at least i had st . patricks dinner yesterday
happy st patrick's day if you ain't feelin like me i feel sorry for ya
parliamentarians are in fear in ! more scary , the shooter is still on the roof of the building !
nhl postspones senators vs . maple leafs in wake of ottawa shootings
infosys says one of its employees is among the hostages at sydney cafe (pti) | more :
infosys techie among hostages at sydney cafe
sierra leone samples : ebola evidence in west africa in 2006 - eurekalert (press release )
sierra leone samples : ebola evidence in west africa in 2006 eurekalert (press release )the laboratory testing si
portugal vs spain . pt . sp
if spain can let you down , who can you trust ? i'm not sure of my own name now
just got the great monsterpiece cosign from w
the woman in front of me has a kansas city chiefs tattoo below her neck . wtf ?
trends on the world tytonszczesny hahahahaha love 3
we want more red yellow combination
happy st patricks day !!! cannon's
finally getting to start my st . patricks day
omg please hurricane be bad so i can sleep this weekend i would thank you much :)
friday + hurricane sandy = chaos at the supermarket .
yea , so won 303 to 206 what was all that garbage about a close race ? news pundits fail , much ?
the worst president we've ever had . jimmy carter didn't get two terms and obama is far worse . guess people were smarter in '80
it's st .patricks day i'm suppose to be some where turnt !
[popsugar] here's how the world celebrates st . patrick's day :
1 d_na_ousadia : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
kkalina 23 : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
public service announcement happy st . patrick's day
wearing all black and working from home so i don't have to look at people celebrating is this how you do st patricks day ?
of course i'd work on st .patricks day . fucckkkk i just wanna get drunk .
don't get pinched wear your green ! happy st . patrick's day from the possehl ticket
okay for but please in eurovision they should have had better position .
how do you make stephen ward's nose 5 miles long ? fold it in half .
sandy air travel : some east coast now flights taking off from chicago o'hare
sandy air travel : some east coast now flights taking off from chicago o'hare : chicago's o'hare
scottie pippen of chicago bulls played in obama's bsktball game yestrdy on election day . pretty cool to be the president .
my president is black still trending . black unemployment nearly doubled to 14.4 % under obama , so naturally blacks help reelect him .
didn't even know st . patricks was tomorrow
i didn't even realize st . patrick's day was here
i thought sandy was making her departure . df is this ?
worst case scenario for sandy , according to one person at accuweather :
happy st .patricks day from ireland laila xx
happy st . patrick's day ! hope you wore today !
due to , nyc revoked various film permits this past week , including aronofsky's . ?
gotta hope he's learned his lesson !! he can join chris christie and mike bloomberg re obama on sandy relief
if you can think of any other hotel or buisness who could support , need help
happy to see new ways of helping via
good morning and happy st . patrick's day all !
listening today from greece ! happy st patricks day !
let's celebrate st patricks day like this
a four-leaf clover on the beach ? just being at the beach is lucky enough . happy st . patrick's day !
sandy kills 21 in caribbean , heads toward east coast - new york timessandy kills 21 in cari
news sandy kills 21 in caribbean , heads toward east coast - new york timessandy kills 21 in
live hurricane sandy coverage - the weather channel : winds to hit max 500 mph via
that hurricane sandy page is out of hand smh
on st patrick's day you would do well to ask yourself - self , am i getting enough beer in my diet ?
being irish on st patricks day is the best
happy st . patricks day everyone . godzilla blazers thru tsa .
omg i disn't even know that today's st . patrick day , we don't celebrate it here
st . patrick's day shopping . where's all the cabbage gone ?
got myself a guinness for st patricks day
stern just called the hurricane # katrina and not # sandy
not as bad as stern just calling sandy-hurricane katrina
its a bowling night in pittsburgh ! thanks to halloween cancellation due to sandy . thanking the cancellation not the destruction .
thinking of the thousands who lost their businesses homes .
who's celebrating st patrick's day today ? have a great time !
first st patricks day sober .. this sucks .
how us hurricane sandy compares to us hurricanes irene , katrina and australian cyclone yasi
spongebob should tell sandy to calm down .
mullahs will says wherever shariah law is not followed earthquake strikes
earthquake devastates nepal , killing more than 1200 via new york times
super windy outside , hurricane is definitely coming
so im on call all weekend because of this storm . thanks sandy smh
after the nepal earthquake - death and devastation in bhaktapur . powerful film by
madam , what are the other different gov websites where we can make donations for nepal earthquake survivors ?
happy st patricks day who is rocking green kicks today ?
st .patricks day is the holiday where a lot people think there irish that really aren't .
category five hurricane patricia , the strongest on record , has made landfall .
hurricane patricia , strongest hurricane ever recorded , will soon hit mexico via
:( i hope all my berklee friends stayed safe during this tragedy .
you are correct . 'obama does not call boston bombings terrorism '
to all of those who can vote , vote for obama ! !
i want to go to college , vote for obama ! (;
always nice to see the hosts do well , especially when theyve been dragged down by the incompetence of their co-hosts
polish work rate is just phenomenal
and a hap hap happy saint patrick's day to everyone remotely irish . i tip my cap to you .
my everyday , ajdavis 0381 celebrating st . patrick's day in style ;)
ireland are so poor . probably worst team in on the other hand my other team ukraine are doing ok .
they may have won the game but we will still win the session . irish fans are the best in the world
st patricks day aka the day everyone remembers they have great great great great great irish grandparents .
it's st . patrick's day ! learn more about it in this video :
please please don't let the boston bombings be muslim related
ap : carmen ortiz , prosecutor who targeted aaron swartz , coordinating doj response following boston bomb blasts - htt
thinking of all the people in america effected by the storm
all the best to the people effected by hurricane
: calls new mexico (5 electoral votes ) for , missouri (10 votes ) for .
calls nm for obama for 5 votes . mo for romney for 10 votes .
happy st patrick's day beaut xx
happy st . patricks day to the 70 million irish out there ..
martin place , sydney siege gunman identified as convicted sex offender man haron monis via
martin place , sydney siege gunman identified as man haron monis via /r/worldnews
belgium is , again , fighting the enemy within . leading article in the new
brussels attacks . number of dead and wounded rising in brussels - the new york times
no power this morning (sandy's long reach ). found a correspondingly long line at tim hortons on my quest for coffee .
how about every time someone says was an act of god , $1000 gets added to my college fund ?
cnbc talking about asked what does europe think about the results and called europe 'one big blue state '
now the real question is : who paid for barack obama's reelection ?
funy how obama has more impact on nigerians dan there president
lol i'm not surprised that obama is still president , but im one happy mf i don't have to hear about this bs anymore .
is your power back up . i feel bad . sandy a creep sandwich
yea right , how are you doing with all the sandy shit ?
positive thoughts prayers for all those being affected by hurricane sandy !
you have a number for nasa ? sandy a girl's name pfft ! sandy is perhaps the most manly name i know !..almost
how to build a leprechaun trap excellent st . patrick's day fun for
i don't celebrate st patrick's day because i'm a lakers fan .
i mean , i only wanted obama to win cause i don't even know who the other guy is
obama won , well done usa !
happy saint patrick's day for the rick case mazda family !
it's st . patrick's day - do you know where your copy of gone to amerikay is ?
what a cute st . patrick's day style ! if anyone can pull this off with a lilla rose item to accessorize , send me a
st . patrick's day parade : my all time favorite occasion . irish themed items are tossed from the floats .
typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines : manila (reuters) - more than half a million people
breaking typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines : manila (reuters) - more than ha
new video ?? st .patricks day gift for us ??
here are our st . patrick's day winners !
thoughtful !! breaking : paris taxi drivers have apparently switched off meters , taking people home free .
what a scary thing happening in paris . why people feel the need to do these things is beyond me .
it would be so citirii sandy but there is no fucking way
sandy is already fucking with my wifi .
a woman from perth who was in the bataclan came home yesterday gary
daisy's music news : tributes paid as music world reacts to paris attacks |
of course ! :) happy st . patrick's day ! :d
apparently tomorrow is st patricks day where have i've been ?!?
paris attacks show the inte via |
dead company dedicate encore to paris
how are y'all feeling about obama being re-elected ?
nate silver's numbers racket (predicts all 50 states , obama's win a big vindication for nate silver ,king of quants )
happy st . patrick's day , get you some green beer !
happy st . patrick's day to me .
donate what you can to nepal . :(
feel so sorry for all those who have been affected in nepal
soon search engines won't wait for us to ask things , we will get used to this
in the future search engines won't wait to be asked , they will be listening !
back to work , match with portugal leading denmark 2 -0 not even halftime .
moutinho scores : denmark 0 -2 portugal
important update : due to delays + damage from sandy , final entry deadline extended to mon nov 12 from fri nov 9, more :
hurricane sandy can ruin towns and knock out power , but can't take the kindness out of people !
msnbc for obama is like free pancakes day at ihop for me ! yum !
lol ..i believe obama just won with this one smfh
un appeals for $415m to help nepal quake victims
brilliant piloting . it takes courage and extraordinary skill to land in soft soil in such tight gaps .
try this one : some muslim clerics say sandy is god's punishment [a link in my bio ]
some muslim clerics say sandy is god's punishment : some anti-american muslim clerics have c
lagos probes alleged case of ebola virus , urges caution : [guardian]the lagos state government has begun an
nigeria : lagos probes alleged case of ebola virus , urges caution
hope everyone makes it in the east coast from hurricane sandy
rip to the 67 people that died from hurricane sandy
here we go again w the tear gas
more tear gas being thrown in .
cause tomorrow is st .patricks day and people want to be irish so bad
i have never been to patrick j's before . what took me so long ?
if your in the boston please unlock your wifi to help people connect with concerned family and friends
offering my thoughts and prayers to those on boston .
business insider : either the polls are all wrong , or mitt romney doesn't really have a viable path to win the electi
romney and obama have nothing to compare to us .
i'm literally crying over what's happening in paris oml
prayers go out to everyone effected by the attacks in paris by these terrorists .
happy st . patricks day ! enjoy it and have fun !! :-)
ok we're late but it's still the 17 th so happy st . patrick's day everyone !!
thoughts and prayers to the people of . just horrible .
more violent acts . more hateful reasons . more negativity . more horrible acts for political aim . my heart goes to brussels / around the world
i'm actually in favor of , but you can't deny that reactionary forces pushed it onto the agenda .
irish banker wants people to tell their relations in uk to vote stay . declines to comment on impact on bank .
mayor says 'hits close to home ':
i live in ottawa and i didnt even know it was the capital til today
ex-mountie hero of shooting at canada's parliament : stately sergeant-at-arms praised for gunning d
ex-mountie hero of shooting at canada's parliament : stately sergeant-at-arms praised
crazy . hurricane sandy : the aftermath (pictures)
rich or poor , skinny or fat , secularist or scientologist , hurricane sandy continues to affect everyone in new
tomar my vote goes for obama !!!!!!!!!!!!
do you think that if obama gets reelected , the republican party might be split and reform itself ?#chooseyouramerica
better get fucked up today . it's st . patricks day and your birthday it's over
check out our st . patrick's day menu !
10 people shot dead by hooded men at the office of french magazine charlie hebdo in paris
breaking : gunmen kill 10 people in the office of french satire magazine charlie hebdo . more details awaited
top of the morning to you ! happy saint patrick's day to one and all .
morning all . happy st . patricks day to all my irish family .
class cancelled for monday !!!!!!!!!!! wooohooooo !!! hurricane parrttyyyyy it isssss
batten down the hatches for hope everyone stays safe on us eastern sea board pathway of this storm
cell phone service is now shut down in boston to prevent any detonations
cell phone service shut down by law enforcement to prevent any possible remote detonations .
had better investigate officer dans video he clearly states he is a known extremist 10 min in and 54 min in corrupt law in mo
phenomenal ! how are you educating him abt society ?
profuse apologies accepted . ;) happy st . patrick's day !
st . patrick's day : the only day my august birthstone comes in handy .
st . patrick's day greeting from space : via
have you ever been in dublin on st patricks day ?
happy st . patricks day ! counting down to dancing with the stars ! maks is back !! yay !
happy st patrick's tonight station in roseville we are having a party at the station ! come on out for some
siege hostages hailed as heroes tori johnson and katrina dawson
deceased hostages identified as tori johnson and katrina dawson .
hurricane patricia drenches mexico as storm weakens
poway news : hurricane patricia lands in mexico , flight to san diego canceled
st . patricks day should definitely not be on a monday .
where to in this st . patrick's day ? at the historic lenox
retweeted bbc news (world) : huge manhunt under way for surviving members of islamist
oilnews : update 1 -oil, gold edge up in nervous start on commodities markets after paris attacks
all our prayers go to . please stay safe everyone !
however i don't think again that sending prayers to paris and acknowledging a much more devastating issue currently is not
holy shit ! video of the front of a building in nyc falling down during . scary situation :
remember golden girls and the hurricane episode and blanche entertained on tv by herself ! lol ! it's andy !!! lol ! xo
jay-z's youtube live stream at sxsw had 99 problems but a glitch ain't one : no kanye , no |
jay-z's youtube live stream at sxsw had 99 problems but a glitch ain't one | guardian
germany finally finds out what a deficit is . italy ftw !
italy 2 -0 germany ; 1 st half over .
great start to the euros , hopefully the next few weeks will be full of games like that !
sorry but how was that a great start to :s
empire state building just came into view + it's lit up bright green . i just now realized i'll be in nyc for st . patrick's day . madness !
happy saint patrick's day everyone ! drink and have fun .
hurricane sandy is 'non-event' in western new york .
live in nyc and want to volunteer to help after hurricane sandy ? email nycservic for opportunities via
obama already ha lowered the unemployment rates and fixed the economy a little . bush fucked him over so much before he got out .
i feel good knowing romney is sitting somewhere with that dumb look on his face !!!!!
since when did ya wish someone , happy st patricks day
i'm enjoying the st patrick's day episode .
they call me 'anti-ebola': an ebola victim describes how he survived the aggressive disease b
breaking they call me 'anti-ebola': an ebola victim describes how he survived the aggressive disease
please join us in praying for the people of boston .
keeping boston in my thoughts and heart today .
loving ireland on st . patrick's day
hello happy st patrick day
educators , parents : join us 4 gr8 convo tues on ,#edtech,#elearning at . use
educators , parents : join great convo tues on at .
finnish , estonian rescuers ' nepal mission canceled
great point . they didn't bother much with nepal earthquake either . not when there's whcd red carpet reporting to do .
cnn : tale of two brussels : every time haroun zamouri leaves his house , there's a chance he will be searched . i
tale of two brussels : every time haroun zamouri leaves his house , there's a chance he will be searched . (cnn)
latest news : 5 emergency apps to download before hurricane sandy hits [video]
yahoo news tech : 5 emergency apps to download before hurricane sandy hits
15 min russia 1 - 0 czech republic
russia are already up 1 -0 against czech republic in the 15 th minute of the game .
what if romney becomes president i'm actually so worried
bo campaign may be planning to claim a very early victory w /the msm pushing the theory to tank romney support .
brooklyn nets vs atlanta hawks live stream , start time : watch nba online
new york knicks vs charlotte hornets live stream , start time : watch nba online
honestly boston is one of my favorite cities on the east coast i really can't believe the tragic event that happened today
back in boston . will be available 24 /7 is anyone needs something . this is my city , and i've never been prouder of its people .
thanks to hurricane sandy , i don't have school today .
soo i don't wanna be i'm school a whole day .. sandy ? where you at ?
why are we so quick to judge and vilify those who have done nothing wrong ? people jump too quickly to conclusions . focus on .
our thoughts and prayers go out to all those in boston their families .
getting ready for st . patrick's day . liketkit
am i the only one that could give a damn about st . patrick's day ?
happy st patricks day out there !#sailing
patiently waiting for snapchats holliday st . patricks day snap chat ..
president obama victory speech : re-elected for second term : he thanks people !
my congratulations go to president obama for his re-election and to the people of america for exercising their
you can cut the tension between and with a knife !! both should punch adrian chiles ..#wanker
roflnirmal baba advises greek players to wear referee's jersey in their next match to win .
and by obsessed i mean obsessed with hating mitt romney
my face if mitt romney wins the election .
david stern jus said hurricane katrinasmfh
david stern just said hurricane katrinawhat an idiot
newsfeednetwork : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead
drsarahebuck : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead
saint patrick's day soon , so here's a little green to brighten things
why didn't i know it was saint patricks day lol ??
being sick on st patricks day is the worst .
happy st patrick's day gao
what's going in is mind blowing , completely mind blowing ! this shit is crazy !
: -- video from the street -- courtesy of my friends the ppl of ferguson
st . patrick's day fast facts , ,
love the way everyone wants to be irish on st .patricks day
dtn new zealand : paris terror attacks : nz's corner of france says kia kaha : new zealand's own petit corner of
paris terror attacks : nz's corner of france says kia kaha : new zealand's own petit corner of france is collect
if romney got elected , us wouldn't be screwed . no one likes him . they just want obama out . he wouldn't have the influe
youtube , beyonce , will ferrell , and morgan freeman are all in full support of
good morning ladies , gents , magical unicorns , sexy monkeys and body parts ! hope you're having a great st . patrick's day wherever you are .
it's st . patricks day . where's the green at ??
haven't seen so much destruction , despair desperation in my life that i saw today in bhaktapur ,harisiddhi,bungmati
do not think about welfare in nepal , because there are not different with indonesia
first declaration : clackmannanshire votes no to independence . 7 voters apparently ticked both yes and no - very , very undecided .
clackmannanshire votes no . big result for the better together campaign . 16335 yes 19036 no .
kevin krim lil wayne lena dunham hurricane sandy windows 8 emanuel steward college board lil reese
kevin krim lil wayne lena dunham hurricane sandy windows 8 emanuel steward colle
it's a hurricane , not the end of the fucking world
okay i need some fast food b4 the hurricane come lol
thoughts /prayers sent to all those affected by today's tragedy in boston .
the whole boston situation is so upsetting i can't focus on anything else
game between the senators and leafs , postponed because of yesterday's shooting on parliament hill , has been rescheduled for nov . 9 at 6 pm .
last night's postponed senators /leafs game in ottawa due to the parliament hill shootings rescheduled to nov 9
if he were elton john , he would rewrite candy's room into sandy's doom bruce springsteen dedicates song to sandy-ravaged hometown
presidential politics reignites in sandy's wake - presidential politics reignited in the wake of natural disaster th
it appears that things are settling down in . i'm sure they are going to give it a rest , and they'll be back at another day .
the function of police action is system containing . the cost of the police intervention is more than the cost of the merchandise
water cannons you're a dumb bird
said that it does not matter if there's a black lawyer in the prosecuting attorney's office , he is still in charge .
i suspect scotland will be saying and remain married to the auld enemyi wonder if i'll be right when i wake ? n'night
good to see liberal orkney voting clearly for no . i think strongholds will be strong rejectors of independence .
oh is that all u got ???? hurricane my ass . # halloween
that's the death toll in u .s.a., aloneso far , thanks to hurricane sandy . the residual death toll due to her blizzard will climb higher .
students from dundee love st . patricks day ae ? thats all im seeing this morning .
anyone else notice no gave a damn about st patricks day :p
our thoughts and prayers are with our colleagues and everyone in brussels .
isis claims responsibility for explosions in brussels ; 31 reported dead via
there's always a pot of gold at the end of each rainbow . happy st . patricks day everyone
happy st . patricks day ! everyone better be wearing green . owo
first we have book now it's now ebola now what next
have you ever thought of what the scene would look like if ebola should strike the boko camp !
wowwwww . the wonderful weapons all of a sudden can't even catch a cold
tom brady goes down ! call final timeout with :36 to go !
how did not talking about obama's ineligibility work out for you ?
haha yeah racism is never appropriate in a political argument but even if obama was white i still would not like him
staten island events postponed in anticipation of hurricane sandy : we're keeping track of postponed even
boutta karate chop houses down and shit .
hurricane tracker - via im so scared !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
live long enough you will see everything ya know things bad when bec hold up better that btc in damn hurricane ! houston we have a problem !
happy election day ! :) make a difference and vote !
this is election day ! please vote , and have your voice matter .
not sure how i feel about the nyc marathon still going as scheduled . right now , it's just a race in the aftermath of sandy .
hurricane sandy , a drenching reminder that tough times inspire remarkable innovation : half my town is
goody , enjoying this nice bit of weather we're having . all packed up for sxsw ?
also , i need to go to sxsw at least once before i die . dammit .
dtn world cup 2014 psg to wear 'je suis paris ' kit : paris st-germain will wear a special kit with 'je suis par
psg to wear 'je suis paris ' kit : paris st-germain will wear a special kit with 'je suis paris ' belo
i think it is very possible that the paris attacks were a sham and a scam , intended by those who support conflict
coming up on , talks to about and australia's involvement in the middle east
i hope u enjoyed , st patrick's day ?
you must still be drunk from st patricks day lol
shevchenko is a man possessed right now .
jhezz ! shevchenko still banging in goals at 35 years old
wtf , in america ? michael brown's mom and governor nixon day the cop must be charged arrested and found guilty for peace sakes
felt guilt since age 13 for having blond hair and blue eyes . i'm sorry .
the american flag : a street style star at sxsw : among all the cut-off jeans and boots donned at sxsw th
info the american flag : a street style star at sxsw : among all the cut-off jeans and boots donned at sxsw this y
happy st . patricks day !! what are you doing for the day ?
a little illustration for st patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day back . here's my gift :
a little late but happy st patrick's day everyone !!
two words as we launch into super bowl weekend : go giants !!!!!
hope you have a super weekend !
rt you watch chris rock's short for obama ? hilarious dude . )no but i will
i don't either .. both of them suck . but i think romney sucks slightly less .
why name hurricanes sissy names , like sandy ? name it hurricane death megatron 300 and i guarantee people will evacuate l
our thoughts are with those affected by hurricane sandy .-shailesh
it's st . patrick's day . day drunk is the norm .
happy st . patrick's day ! here is a song for you .
at nation stadium warsaw for the last time , semi vs . awesome atmosphere ! feels good to know i have 1 more game to see !
is better than till now :) semi final
how is hurricane /super storm sandy fault ???? just saying .
hurricane sandy - a personal message from hugh hugh nails it again . thanks .
google giving customized results when people search for obama , but not romney : google shows pers (via
google giving customized results when people search for obama , but not romney : google shows personali via
happy st patrick's day to you too baby
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! be safe and stay want !
sandy did damage on that east coast
hope everyone out there on the east coast of the usa is safe and unharmed by
obama is for the people he connects and relates with everybody
obama act like he speaking at a wake lmfao shut up nigga
the jersey shore suffers immense damage from , via
now more than 15 dozen photos showing destruction from storm , big waves in area . check out our gallery :
reddit's got a timeline , proper updates , and has a person finder : keep up to date !
:( the pictures from those injured are horrible .
did sandy hit your city yet ?
boefly to offer free basic borrower services to businesses hit by the hurricane . go to for more det
euro 2012 tonight's predictionsgreece 0 -2 czech reppoland 1 -1 russia
it seems that it's not just tips that are accurate . trouble started already ahead of today's first game
big surprises to me at :the competition brewing in internet radio and the embrace of crowdsourced news
don't miss the sxsw showcase at la zona rosa w / and more ! check out the full lineup on fb :
damn tomorrow's saint patricks day and it's supposed to snow
damm right patrick ! it's all about me ! haha ! prime time
ff crashed germanwings 9525 operated by lufthansa's budget airline : the airbus a320 via
crashed germanwings 9525 operated by lufthansa's budget airline : the airbus a320 that crashed in fra
hurricane sandy isn't gonna do nothing .-.
praying that this hurricane isn't as bad as the news is making it sound
let's pray the souls of 144 passengers and six crew of germanwings airbus a320 ;(
today is a tragic day in the aviation community .
outfrontcnn : chilling video shows attacker trying to shoot woman but gun doesn't fire :
earlworthington : chilling video shows attacker trying to shoot woman but gun doesn't fire :
telugu actor vijay dies in nepal quake
help people affected by earthquake in india nepal .donate generously in pmnrf online at
hurricane sandy 2012 . bitter /sweet. devastation very sad . clean up and recovery and rebuilding means jobs .
sandy baby , you came back to me3
i hope everyone facing hurricane sandy are doing well and keeping safe
i give hurricane sandy no grace faces because she was just a bitch
happy st patrick's day from fcb
bill's seafood on saint patrick's day aka high school reunion
gunfire , explosions heard where charlie hebdo suspects are surrounded .
where is charlie hebdo strip in which its poor , ugly cartoonists writers are rejected by women , abused by parents and publicly humiliated ?
targeted ads aim to mobilize internet week attendees for nepal relief hey !
targeted ads aim to mobilize internet week attendees for nepal relief : after a d
things i learned at : 3 . locals don't like californians .
sxsw goers on the bus talking about what a crazy amount they've drank this week . i just call it the 2 nd week of march .
i had no idea its st . patrick's day ..
wow do i not give a fuck about st . patrick's day
r .i.p. to the 8 year-old girl who died in boston's explosions , while running for the sandy hook kids . htt
when something bad happens , such as the boston bombings , everyone runs to god , but when something bad happens to them ,
o it's st . patrick's day .
happy st patrick's day everyone !! and we might even get some snow !!
cnn : attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist attacks shattered a french frida
cnntop : attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist attacks shattered a french fr
treating ebola patients in sierra leone succumbs to the disease (via
doctor treating ebola patients in sierra leone succumbs to the disease : sheik huma
new york city has issued a mandatory evacuation caused on hurricane sandy ,hope you are ok .
sandy is turnt up right now
the scary part is that some americans will actually vote for romney despite him being a fucking idiot .
if romney win niggas go really be strapped up shawty
i'm confused i thought st . patricks day was monday .
early st . patrick's day party
east coast buckles down as mother nature unleashes a hurricane . san francisco revels in self-made fires in the city
this frankenstein bullshit storm and this sandy slut got people acting crazy already !
(bbc) going green : global landmarks honour of st patrick
going green : global landmarks honour of st patrick
s /o to everybody that voted . obama one time
america could have ruled the world and been self sufficient as an energy giant . obama chose to crush liberty and prom
some of you motha fuckas can't even vote so why tf you talkin bout
if romney wins , that in my eyes proves that the world is being run by the illuminati .. go ahead say what you want you'll see for yourself
where are you ? are you still in london missing sandy !!
having to put everything that's outside inside cause of a bitch named sandy
it's fucking halloween and i can't even enjoy it cause this dumb bitch sandy
wtf , who wants mcdonalds after a hurricane ?
st . patrick's day in cleveland , 2014 via
it's st . patricks day and the luck of the irish isn't even coming on what is wrong with you disney
paris attack ,a by product of us syria policy ,putin is right n obama proven wrong ,if isis 2 b eliminated support prez asad .
my condolences goes out to the families of the deceased .i am so sorry for your loss .#parisattacks
rocking my obama shirt today ! froze up yesterday because of the realization that election day is tomorrow . just a bit terrified
so many romney ads on the radio , since when is pa in play ???
*scotland sobbing in the arms of england *sorry i never really wanted to leave !england:it's ok , it's just a phase , everyone has 1
scotland , you made a mistake , you should have freed yourself from the british bloodshed on nations !
happy st patrick day . which jason do you like ?
happy st . patrick's day ! doing some family history research we have learned we have irish blood ! hope that means
anywhoo back to my soccer life im so ready for my in
olic a major doubt now for croatia . italy are a shambles . it's all coming together .
i liked a video original footage 7.9 magnitude earthquake in nepal 2015
i don't care about bruce jenner , he's not saving lives . there's just been an earthquake in nepal , which was not top headlines on the news !
ex-west bank rabbi calls paris attacks punishment for holocaust [forward]
ex-west bank rabbi calls paris attacks punishment for holocaust [jta]
german airlines say 2 people must be in cockpit at all times after germanwings crash .
german airlines say 2 people must be in cockpit at all times after germanwings crash . via
sandy floods may cause big business interruption losses via ^ag
we can't even do shxt for halloween b /c of sandy smh damnit sandy !
fg confirms ebola death in lagos , warns citizens to be vigilant : federal govern
fg confirms ebola death in lagos , warns citizens to be vigilant : federal government friday c comment
yap ! blessed to be protected in s'pore ! i could have been one of those in nyc and nj really sandy goes away !
one of the concerns in the aftermath of hurricane sandy is polling locations for tuesday's election . the
last yr , hurricane irene was a 'freak' storm . now sandy is a 'frankenstorm'. how many of these before we call them 'normalstorms'?
might be a hurricane next week , you say ? well shit .
now cons blame sandy for obama lead among women , others . 5 takeaways from the nbc-wall street journal poll
romney said he understands the black community bc his family were slave owners . just a lil gem for the tl .
via : hashtag offers solidarity with muslims after sydney siege
sydney cafe siege ends ; 3 dead , including gunman : police storm cafe to end sydney ho
we went out to eat and had to wear green for an early st . patrick's day celebration
st patrick's day fact (tune in tomorrow for no2 )3. there are more irish in the usa than ireland .well, sort of . an estimated 34
celebrate st patrick's day with and on air now !
always makes me laugh how everyone becomes irish on st patrick's day
texas doc and another us health care worker infected with ebola . the details next on
well , boko haram aint my problem anymore . finding a cure for ebola is .
hurricane in deck to hit over here . tsunami on deck to hit hawaii
hurricane sandy prompts google to cancel android event : disallowed key characters .
sandy still here aye ? :s
i spend way too much time on fb . in other news , sandy makes espn .
to watch on my computer but my internet must be too slow
spose i better like the best buy commercial . cousin is major exec there .
can't believe what's going on in paris right now , so sickening .
swat storms the bataclan theater during paris terror situation przez
it's -10 fucking degrees and sandy still love to blow people outside
jared bernstein -- quick note on sandy economics : putting aside all the anxiety and serious harm to life and limb
anything goes that's green on st . patrick's day !!
yes there is . i s2g its bc of st . patricks day
portugal vs germany . who will win ?
i have a feeling . portugal will win ! let's see how it goes !:)
bill clinton's old home state of arkansas projected for romney . pushes romney ahead 73 -64 in electoral votes .
thank you to the people of the state of arkansas !!
happy st .patricks days . may you a have eyes in your heads and not in your spuds .
happy st patricks day , ireland i miss you
my team isn't playing , the commercials are on the net , and madonna is performing . i don't need another reason to not watch the .
does anyone know who's performing at half time of the
join 5 aet on clashes , iraq air strikes , weather , on potus + perry
the usg has a long history of disrupting and distorting peaceful events , groups or movements , at home or abroad .
happy st .patrick's day ! hope you enjoy lots of shamrocks and parades today :)
happy st patricks day folks ! (insert photo of shamrock here )
watch : inside the chabad house in kathmandu : chabad continues to serve hot meals to stranded israel arutzsheva
watch : inside the chabad house in kathmandu : chabad continues to serve hot meals to stranded
you think if wins tomorrow they'll let back on monday night football ?
dumb muhfuckas can't even tell dat nothin about romney is organized . he can't remember shit he say cause its so many lies
what if sandy turned out to be a light drizzle
i need to go to east hartford if sandy don't fuck shit up too bad i'm leaving waterbury next weekend .
happy st patricks day everyone !!!today i bring out my inner irish . i actually am a bit irish , on my mom's side :d
happy st patricks day . look out for drunk irish people
power hs going on and off already :/#sandy
in case y'all didn't know its raining :)
it is easier to be trapped inside during a hurricane wif me than kids !
send love to sandy , not fear . fear fuels , love heals . own your right as a creator . transmute the fear and end destruc
watching wrestling and taking a few shots all with babe . happy st . patrick's day to meee
*wears green apple chapstick for st . patrick's day *
gary scene from inside the caucus room just after the shooting on parliament hill this morning .
this is unbelievable . i'm shocked that this would ever happen inside parliament .
merry st patricks day y'all
even st .patricks day felt differentholidays just ain't the same no more
there is a war going on in our own country but yet nobody is seeming to pay attention to itwake up america !!!!!
6 times . he got shot six times and his killer is still free .
paris weeps as obama frees bin laden's body guard - //t.co/xars1skt6o
you must watch this . no terrorist refugees . stop
great way to help the people in nepal via
life a misery amid nepal earthquake ruins via
just landed in austin - ready for sxsw !
headed down to austin for sxsw should be fun , psyched to see some great friends that make things happen .
guys affected by hurricane sandy stay safe . my thoughts are with you . and make sure your pets are too ! x
much love and support going out to everyone affected by hurricane sandy . stay safe out there !!!
have you ever been tested for ebola ?
could someone better explain the whole ebola thing ?
grateful this morning to have electricity , heat , and an undamaged home . also glad to hear my frederick tweeps made it thru safely !
in all serious though , i pray for the safety of people who are really affected by sandy
how could co-pilot be 'fit to fly '?: the tragic news that germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately c (by
how could co-pilot be 'fit to fly '?: the tragic news that germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashe
now you can watch from london amex sync show presenting jay z live from sxsw trailer .
b /u's !!! get at us - we filmn at sxsw ! 100 ~
st patricks day just not the same when you're working the day after . no guinness for me today
happy st patrick day have amazing day sexy man
obama is just so dam cool wit it maaaa niiggggaaaaaa
thats my baby lol obama !!!!!!
two more classes then belated st patricks day celebrations , i'm gonna get rat arsed .
and then you wake up the day after st . patrick's day and all you know in life is pain .
great ball in by who ?! andrey arshavin !
dzagoev's price has gone up a good 15 m -20m the last 2 games . impressive from a young midfielder .
scotus ruled westboro baptist members can protest military funerals . residents denied right to protest murder by cop .
so many horrible things going on in the world do not stay silent
follow fuse will livestream shady 2.0 showcase at sxsw : if you can't make it to the south by south
fuse will livestream shady 2.0 showcase at sxsw : if you can't make it to the south by southwest fes
i love u all and happy st patrick's day
us irish must never take ourselves serious happy st patrick's paul . x
people i talked to this morning were in need of tent , worried about dwindling food , water supply
no one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another .especially the people of nepal .
east coast keeps watchful eye on hurricane sandy - new york times : cbc .caeast coast keeps watchful eye on hurric
as a long islander , are you following hurricane sandy ? from the way they are talking it will be historic !
several paris attackers were on u .s. watchlists : officials : washington (reuters) - at least f
several paris attackers were on u .s. watchlists : officials via
forexfactory news u .s. companies delay earnings reports due to hurricane : drugmaker pfizer inc (pfe.n) and power
i want snow more than a hurricane #:(
tomorrow is st . patrick's day ? lol
what tomorrow is saint patricks day ? well ok
my husband was just able to garage his car in brooklyn at the 1 st place he tried . are ppl not getting the message re : monsterstorm ?
free doritos locos tacos on tuesday is it worth fighting a hurricane for ???
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hmm2nsnqh0
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/aguang0ltf
report from our team in haiti : hurricane relief continues : americares haiti continues to respond to hurricane sa
so all the tv and radio is playing is hurricane stuff . my forecast some wind and rain . probly more the normal
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hcfyruyx1u
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nl3xb3moga
going to take a test for a promotion today that i'm pretty sure i won't pass but it is st patrick's day , so wish me luck !
my favorite dish is shepards pie enter to
virgina has stopped reporting election results
al gore a true american hero speaks the truth when need to be said .a g steps up
yes , impacts on everybody in the uk ; but no , none scots shouldn't have a vote . democracy , people !
done my bit and voted , now i cannot wait for this to be over , if it ever will .
obama said he'd support puerto rico's bid for statehood in a clear majority . it needs congressional approval , but we might be at 51 .
because obama was such a great president before ?
happy st . patrick's day from pearl smile dental !
happy st . patrick's day waddy !
some people use st . patrick's day as an excuse to drink all day
what do u call a earthquake in st patricks day : a shamrock shake
terror in paris : will to destroy rises from a hopeless existence : attacks are all too predictable in a world w
dtn australia : terror in paris : will to destroy rises from a hopeless existence : attacks are all too predictab
i'm predicting obama will take an early lead , then all the republicans will get out of their clan meeting , vote , and obama will still win .
obama will grab the early lead tuesday , until the republicans get off from work vote !!!
the stock market drop is due to the european changes , not because obama was reelected !! get the story right !!!
woooohhhhhh !!!! go obama ! legalize that weed !
saint patricks day beauty routine . (created with via
happy st . patrick's day . it has been a good last seven days for guinness sales . more to come as the day unfolds .
got spend a st patrick's day in chicago one yearit was incredible .
happy st . patrick's day from your friends here are some fun irish tidbits enjoy !
why do all white people hate obama ?
you should ask obama if he's pre-ordered take me home yet
canada parliament gunman had planned to travel to syria : police : ottawa (reuters) - the gunman
canada parliament gunman had planned to travel to syria : police : ottawa (reute
morning - after 7 on we'll have stories on hurricane sandy breast cancer screening plus talking
i'd support spongebob if he came up and knocked sandy out for being loud right now .
st .patrick's day party with all the groovy people later .
celebrate st . patrick's day with luck of the irish giveaway , march 14 -16 via
morning tweeps happy st patrick's day :-))
happy st . patrick's day to all my irish friends out there !
he could be right , denmark and portugal could surprise a few , or he could be completely wrong , probably the second one .
when are holland going to get rid of van bommel . he's such a prick
i have some non-perishable can goods just in case hurricane sandy gets to the real .
your first test is hurricane sandy ..lol
healthcare providers rally to help earthquake victims :
railways are now offering free train travel for nepal quake victims : reaching out to earthquake victims evacua
east coast keeps a watchful eye on hurricane sandy : it is unclear where the storm , which has kille
nytimes us : east coast keeps a watchful eye on hurricane sandy : it is unclear where the storm , which has killed
so michaelbrown had pot in his system . trouble is he wasn't a white kid in boulder colorado .
the attempts to assassinate the character of is asinine . it doesn't matter , dont shoot
what a surprise (not) -- bbc news - charlie hebdo : gun attack on french magazine kills 12
tributes to , rallies and (i am charlie )
everyone on the east coast , stay safe and keep your animals safe
volunteers from ameren american red cross heart of mo chapter are heading 2 east coast to help w / hurricane sandy prep and relief efforts .
y rn't army helo's dropping pallets of food , water , etc . where red + et al can distribute in the buroughs ?
more bodies found in u .s. superstorm's path ; patience thin as necessities slowly return .
french officials say they are seeking a second fugitive directly involved in the . (via
: french officials say they are seeking a 2 nd fugitive directly involved in the
were there not a series of attacks on other countries as well as paris ? or did i read the wrong article ? why are there just paris posts ?
this world has gone to the dogs . sad to hear about the paris hostage attacks this morning .
death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm : the number of new cases and deaths in
death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm - new york times : re
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/dzdurclpky
to all of our irish friendshappy st patricks day !
try asexuality now : video : clean up in cuba after hurricane : cubans are assessing the damage
video : clean up in cuba after hurricane : cubans are assessing the damage after hurrican
if i can't be in boston today at least i can drink like i am . happy st patrick's day , y'all !!
happy st . patrick's day !all stocked up and ready for you to celebrate with us today !!
on buddha purnima : prayers for peace prosperity in nepal . leads prayers in delhi . live on
now ? there was one , a day before nepal .
i cannot for the life of me take the name hurricane sandy seriously
dod , other agencies monitor hurricane -
tomorrow is st patricks day hm
my subtle nod to st patrick's day
lolr i'm not buying this whole thing , it's just a conspiracy by big grocery to get rid of old soup .
watch sandy will come towards pittsburgh and not dc
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/vf4aykbnvh
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/uhnrtvct3a
i hope every body knows the cause of hurricane sandy
okay so is there going to be a hurricane or not , i'd love to know .
prosecutors say co-pilot hid illness from germanwings via
bloomberg breaking news : german prosecutors find torn-up sick note of germanwings co-pilot for day of crash
:: 2 chainz brings out kanye at sxsw -
2 chainz brought out kanye at sxsw smh
vote for obama what a wonderful phrase vote for obama aint no passin craze it means no worries for the rest of your days
vote obama he down wit the bitchez and the hoes
me too ! rt : happy st . patrick's day ! my favorite story about today's holiday has to be this :
happy st . patricks day who wants get drunk tonight
congratulations to colm brophy td , formerly councillor on
congratulations to noel rock td , formerly councillor on
can you fly a false flagat half mast ?#charliehebdo
anti-muslim acts escalate after attacks via
kenyan village is obama central : cnn's david mckenzie reports from the kenyan village of kogelo , where president obama's father was b
kenyan village is obama central : cnn's david mckenzie reports from the kenyan village of kogelo , where president
why are you voting for president obama ? share your story :
win or lose , obama will be president empty chair forever . he owns it .
didn't even know it was saint patricks day . lol
saint patricks day earthquake felt lucky
superstorm sandy sweeps from east coast of us to midwest and canada : superstorm sandy sweeps from the east coast
superstorm sandy sweeps from east coast of us to midwest and canada : superstorm sandy sweeps fr
the hurricane changed the entire geography of the area and messed up wildlife , didn't it ? ._.
shit is crazy i cnt believe gas station r running out of gas .. smh who wuld hve thought sandy wuld hve cause
a merry st patricks day from the man himself
happy st . patrick's day have fun you all .
im ready for u hurricane sandy :-)
people don't seem to be worried about this hurricane . im here , praying that nothing happens to me or my family ._.
geonews : co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings plane : prosecutor
co-pilot deliberately crashed plane ! was it a radicalized ? yeah right !
patrick sawyer , ebola victim , is dead : a health official within the lagos state health system has confirmed to
patrick sawyer , ebola victim , is dead : a health official within the lagos state health system has c
so are we getting any rain from that hurricane or what ?
we got hit hard , but not as bad as hurricane irene last year (at least where we're at ). take care
happy st . patrick's day ! like if you plan to wear green .
$50,000 state grant announced for fan experience at ncaa tournament today by senators patrick gallivan and mark grisanti
where to celebrate st patrick's day in london -
hope all goes well and have a very happy st patrick's day
tom morello's occupy sxsw shut down by cops : when tom morello took the stage at the swan dive via
tom morello's occupy sxsw shut down by cops : inside the swan dive , morello initially performed by himself , armed
the sheer power of onstage never ceases to amaze me
why am i acting like i actually wanna go to austin this weekend ?!? i'm not interested in sxsw or all the traffic /crowds.
thank god we survived in wash dc . our pray 4 d'victims . double rainbow shines in nyc after
ripped off a big branch of my willow tree
hurricane patricia weakens to category 4 storm after landfall on mexican coast - nhc_pacific by :
this is mama moench surviving hurricane patricia
i honestly think romney winning tomorrow
cause i was reading it out loud and she thought you didn't like romney lol but she's a weirdo so it doesn't really matter ..
wtf sandy u ruined my court bitch !
wtf sandy you messed up my net bitch !
germanwings plane crash : 'significant discovery ' made by police at murder-suicide pilot andreas lubitz ' home
very alarming and sad at the same time to know that the plane crash was deliberately caused by the co-pilot
and that's what arsenal have signed
he'll fit in well at arsenal . podolski .
1,500 soldiers have been mobilised on the streets of paris following attacks
this is so sad ! my son's band vektor is going to paris next week !!
good morning james ! happy st . patrick's day :d
it's a cupcake morning ! happy st . patrick's day !!
haha ! happy st . patrick's day , john thanks for always making me laugh so much . :-)
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! check out my post about
protesters in london in '13 went too far , and the police didn't come anything close to tactics .
isn't trying case in the media the goal of democrat party .. to bring out voters in november ? polls were looking bad .
thats wat i call a goal !!!
goaaaaal dzagoev if u have kerzhakov 1 st goal
happy st . patricks day !! may the luck of the irish be with you every day
happy st . patrick's day manhattan !
marching today at st . patrick's day parade
dallas clearly loves st . patricks day .
police storm sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages : hostages were seen fleeing the cafe before police
police storm sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages : hostages were seen fleeing the cafe be
blowhard that he is . needless to say romney would be a far greater disaster tha
pray 4 newyork my heart goes out to those in the way of the hurricane may the lord help them ..
what if gangam style is a actually a rain dance , and the result is hurricane sandy ?!
can hurricane sandy just somer take justin bieber with ?
this might help on the whole thing ://www.futurelearn.com/courses/why-europe
the campaign is wrong : the is already a sovereign nation
adam hill spotted in the crowd for the opening euro 2012 game between poland and greece
time for ~ poland vs . greece . poland to win ! ^.^
obama - boston is a tough and resilient town , so are its people i am confident that bostonians will pull together and take care of each other
president obama responds to boston blast listen :
acaiberryhelps crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hos
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is host (via
happy st . patrick's day from dr . bendush !
by the way : happy st . patrick's day everyone :)
mnento ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in s
ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in s
uh oh . germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash , nyt says
wow ! the audio from the crash indicates that the pilot was locked out of the cockpit just before the crash .
on devata frm - there were lot of indians as runners in crowd cheering . but as far as i knw , none
the luigi church even cared about boston bombing thing . luigi bless
damn sandy just took out my wifi
halloween music for sandy relief , oct 30 -nov 2, 100 % of my cd baby digital sale earnings to victims
a packed house tonight in ringaskiddy in opposition to the planned incinerator
record levels of homeless , suicide epidemic trolley crisis rampant crime income slashed
now that the parade is over , how else are you going to celebrate st . patrick's day ?
are you excited for st patricks day
lord keep everybody safe friends , enemies , ppl i don't even no , muh famz n especially my ol lady , during this hurricane
on what it's like to share your name with a hurricane .
i never do anything for st . patricks day . why am i even irish
st . patricks day is definitely for white people
i will literally cry if romney win
if you think romney's attractive i have no words for you
yare gunman panics ottawa , killing soldier in spree at capital - new york times : new york timesgunman pan yare
followme - gunman panics ottawa , killing soldier in spree at capital - new york followme -
happy birthday to response volunteers nicola hinds and liz odell who are both in helping people after the earthquake .
read how to help the people in nepal
reports of shots fired on parliament hill | ipolitics
[live coverage ] shots fired on parliament hill . get the latest :
why do the police keep escalating things in ?
a good summary of what is going on in . read it is important !
have you spotted the st patrick's day google doodle ?
good morning lovelies ! happy st .patrick's day ! 3
new jersey lowers reservoirs , lakes in preparation for flooding from sandy
new jersey lowers reservoirs , lakes in preparation for flooding from sandy : new jersey officials are lowering
happy st . patrick's day to you too ! and to the ostrich too !
happy st patricks day to the ! wearing of the green ! looking good !
paris terror attack : new suspect identified : belgium has issued an arrest warrant for a man seen driv
paris terror attack : new suspect identified : belgium has issued an arrest warrant for a man seen (by
that's it !! locked in the asylum to ride out sandy w / my scnibber-doodle 3 insane asylum )
its times like these during a hurricane that i wish i still lived in r .i because it is guaranteed that school and classes are canceled
happy st . patrick's day to everyone , massive thank you to everyone who has supported us !
happy st .patrick's day and happy holi from
*crawls out from under his bed * power is on , and the neighborhood appears to be intact . oh .
while america digs out and restores power to 20 + million post hurricane victims ,evil netanyahu is dem
us set for final campaigning day : us presidential rivals barack obama and m
us set for final campaigning day : us presidential rivals barack obama and mitt romney approach the fina
the work of charlie hebdo : a look at the work of some of those killed in the attack of the french magazine
charlie hebdo's cartoons were crass , idiotic and pointless . their murderers more so .
at least one voice is willing to speak out !
truly tragic what happened in brussels today
i put the 'rain' in ukraine :d
looks like the ukraine-france game will be postponed . no definite decision yet as far as we know .
hurricane sandy space view - from start to finish | video : this time-lapse imagery of the monster storm (oct 21 s
hurricane sandy space view - from start to finish | video : this time-lapse imagery of the monster sto
celebrating obama winning by listening to the vaccines yh
i have a crush on barack obama
enjoying my first day of panels at ! although i need to buy an umbrella , austin is rainy today !
rick perry about to appear at at . seems an eternity since he was un gop race
what's your favorite part of st . patrick's day ? vote :
have a safe and great st patrick's day !!
feeling a sense of relief that the storm is passing . thank you lord for power .
i was told yesterday that it may be a couple days late outside the us . i can't confirm today due to sandy hitting nyc .
wtf ! vs match suspended due to lighting and thunder :(
: the match between home nation ukraine and france has been suspended due to heavy rain and thunderstorms .
even though i'm not from u .s.a. i'm really happy that barack obama won
ms .oby is really happy because obama won lol
un groso ! how hurricane sandy slapped the sarcasm out of twitter - see more
techie how hurricane sandy slapped the sarcasm out of twitter - see more
you know if there alone for badges and sxsw wristbands homie ??
reptar closing our buffalo billiards tonight !
your link to donating to efforts to help hurricane sandy critters - thx for passing the word
hi just wondering if sandy was being bad to you .
hey what should i do for st . patrick's day tomorrow ?
happy st patrick's day (tomorrow). the celebrations have begun
they're probably asleep . big fundraiser tomorrow .
150 + dead in paris . humanity is slowly taking its essence on the ground
st .patricks day tomorrow woop woop woop
it's st patrick's day tomorrow . what's everyone doing ?
us marine helicopter disappears in nepal while providing earthquake relief
breaking : a us marine helicopter is missing in nepal . the 8 on board were conducting earthquake relief operations .
not sure if i would rather battle the hurricane or my sister
what's up today in pton nj ? stay safe ! check for cancellations related to hurricane sandy .
i now read philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippi
happy st . george patrick day
welcome . also happy st patrick's day !
on pie chart diversity at technical conferences : this last week at the sxsw (south by south (via
on pie chart diversity at technical conferences : this last week at the sxsw (south by southwest ) conference i
obama said i own dese bitches
the muslim brotherhood's esam el-erian gets my award for most intriguing response to obama's victory via
predictions for germany v portugal later ? can see germany doing really rather well . unfortunately .
rvp has been ace at link-up ply and dribbling . but pure kak at finishing
i have 3 different 'hurricane sandy ' twitter accounts blocked . what has this world come to ?
not gonna lie these fake sandy accounts are the first i have laughed at in months
every other tweet is about having no school or this hurricane .
gonna post some pics of hurricane tomorrow lol
wait i though australia had and that nobody could get a gun ?
is just another example of how gun control fails .
seriously fuck you hurricane sandy .
my perception of those romney and hurricane sandy jokes wasn't because of politics . he was a man trying to help people in a natural disaster
the fair and brave fight of people brought this and other more important results . well done !
innocent or not , how is every american not protesting the that has now formed in the us . we are not a free nation .
ep . 30 is up ! on new food-delivery options in town , on fb vs . twitter , reality tv here , more :
besides nelly t .i. jeezy , killer mike talib , all you other mainstream rappers is straight pussy ! burns while you stay silent !
manhattan bulletin : due to sandy--after 7 :00pm tonight , subways will be closed , trains and buses will stop running . se
lets go sandy bring it bitch
5.1 -magnitude earthquake again hits nepal
5.1 -magnitude earthquake strikes nepal again .
hit up pluckers and watch the tourney before i hit the stu !
photo : hit up pluckers and watch the tourney before i hit the stu !
can't stop laughing at these hurricane sandy tweets lol
hurricane sandy please come and take me with you
boston celtics vs orlando magic | april 13, 2013 | full game highlights | nba 2012 /13 season
boston celtics vs orlando magic | april 13, 2013 | first half highlights | nba 2012 /13 season
happy st patrick's day drunkies !! ;)#mondayfunday
happy st . patrick's day from the irish man himself !
terrorism is always and everywhere a political phenomenon .
cartoon tributes after brussels terror attacks show lsquo ;je
social media is powerful , tweeps ! ~ documentarians : kony 2012 achieved its goal via
headed to with and chi-town to austin . holla !
funny video : indian media criticised in nepal
action check out this newsletter : via
germany is a great team love the way they play , but
meanwhile in palestine israel is killing ppl in families 170 murdered so far
stern talked about hurricane katrina but did he mean to talk bout sandysmh
david stern said hurricane katrina , lmfaoo im done
happy st patrick's day from shamrock :-)
st patrick killed all the snakes in ireland reason why we have no reptiles he was og
the polls are closing . americans are counting down the minutes till they can go back to no longer caring about .
count begins in moray with verification of postal votes . exciting times :)
happy st patrick's day to all the wonderful irish around the world
green marker just in time for st . patrick's day !
what do you call a black person who celebrates st . patricks day .a leprecoon lol
hope everyone had an awesome st . patrick's day . i had some ultra-delicious green punch at a small shindig !
st . patricks day is a dumb holiday , but i like excuses to binge drink , so o guess its alright
at the blarney stone for where the st . patrick's day revelers are already out in full force .
my thoughts and prayers go out to all affect by hurricane
satellites provide 3 -d views and more of hurricane sandy
just heard about boston , u can't even run a marathon without worrying about getting murdered . this world is sad ..
so sad for boston , my thoughts are with the victims
the have done phenomenally well , they appear to have more votes than greens and renua , no councillors , only a few months old
pack yer bags lads , you have a trip coming up .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m07evbieq6
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/er4llmiuv4
a late to all my followers . possible for early next week from .
moms to me to come home tonite to beat the hurricanei straight to her !
hope world leaders replicate in brussels the solidarity march they made in paris last winter .
heyy , just wanted to apologize for the ignorant , pointless piece of shit who doesn't know the meaning of privacy :(
i'm afraid to go to new york tom . because of hurricane sandy :((
the eye of hurricane sandy reached new jersey this evening , thanks to the failed policies of barack obama .
video : homes hit by typhoon hagupit : several homes have been damaged by typhoon hagupi
video : homes hit by typhoon hagupit - several homes have been damaged by typhoon hagupit in the philipp
so in hackensack is closed for st . patrick's day ; really ??? loser move guys .
yay to st .patrick's day in my pajamas ! yay to every day in my pajamas !
liberia shuts borders to curb ebola : most border crossings in liberia are closed and c
letyouknow : liberia shuts borders to curb ebola : most border crossings in liberia are c
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bfpugbbhhb
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wvsintnnmb
here's a list of local , county state emergency numbers to refer to while hurricane sandy makes its way to the area
sandy spongebob is looking dor u where r u
if you're worried about missing it , fret not . i am playing the dukes of hazzard marathon on this st . patrick's day
what are you doin on st patricks day as the proudest irish man in the world ?
sick on st . patrick's day . lovely .
on st . patrick's day i feel ok being short .
happy st . patrick's day . now's the time to mention that distant irish relative of yours !
st .patrick's day tomorrow , make sure to wear your green !!! as always great deals going on !!!
lmao hell it might b sooner than that if romney is elected
no one tomorrow will vote for mitt romney , they'll just be voting against president obama .
badazz hurricane sandy hit mofos up north running marathons shit like it never happen
when you go to bed , said a prayer for the victims of hurricane sandy .
people actually think an eight year old girl was running in the boston marathon ? think about it .
that said , my heart does go out to the little 8 year old girl killed by the boston bombings . rip little one xxxx
do you even know about paris mate ?
terrorist attacks in paris , if that doesn't convince europe to stop letting these refugees in i don't know what will .
is my family the only ones who don't celebrate st . patrick's day ?
happy st . patrick's day , love :d
i can't believe the year paris is having . pour souls
paris is getting bombed please dont go
nepal earthquake : red tape delays delivery of aid ; death toll crosses 7000 - times of india : times of indianep
many calamities in nepal was covrd by r msm b4 , wit no such response 4 m locals . it has more 2 do wit r govt than r media
fuck obama n romney .. they both suck
obama for women's equal rights women's equal pay too ! romney - is not !
experts task govt on ebola virus spread : a former clinical virologist with the american nationa
follow for more updates experts task govt on ebola virus spread : a former clinical virologist wi
72 sampler out now click here to download
gotta go to sxsw next year no questions asked
really want ireland to win this one !
worried that ireland are going to get a thronking tonight
:fear, grief and support after deadly attacks in paris
there are only two kinds of terrorists ; the criminal masterminds and the stupid thug followers . neither serve any cause .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ae0gmzfw7p
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fodakihznu
happy st patrick's day jeri :-)
happy st patricks day niall (you irish lad ) :-))))))))))
how do they know the masked man left his own id at the crime scene ?
all police and mil . helicopters parked now near the place suspects are cornered .
happy st . patrick's day !!! where's the beeer
happy st . patrick's day from sweet_little_turbo
the telegraph - texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia
just in : texas hit by heavy rain , flash floods in wake of hurricane patricia
egyptair ms181 plane with 62 on board hijacked
breaking : officials say egyptair plane flying from alexandria to cairo hijacked , flown to cyprus
rechner new jersey is under a state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy .oren liebermann went to the beach to s
kalender 2012 new jersey is under a state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy .oren liebermann went to the beac
it's so sad that sandy fucked up like the whole east coasts lives and halloween
go home sandy ! via not for your mom right ? ;)
can't believe i put money on ross perot winning . no more getting political news from discarded issues of newsweek i guess .
that white ass boy aint got no game
i dont even feel like going out tonight sxsw kicked my ass
through eyes . fort presented by converse
guinness black pudding sausages for st patrick's day !
a little bit of colour visible from my crossing this morning , for st patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day to the best irish family in the world . :)
happy st patricks day johnny !!! just a quick edit
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! this pig going after his drink like a !!!
happy st .patrick's day from your friends at shaganappi gm
happy st . patrick's day from our state farm office ! and you know what happens when you did't wear green
happy st . patrick's a day !i hope you're having a fun and green day !
a slew of shocking yet fake photos from hurricane sandy have circulated on social media the web . have you
ice-t's soaked wife coco records sandy update : well , it may not be the most meteorologically informed w (plz rt )
pray for brussels this morning . bombs exploded in an airport and the death toll is rising . reports saying 28 dead .#brussels
yeah brussels is not that close to me , but they might close off the borders again and i don't want to get stuck there
happy st patrick's day to all our lovely irish followers !
happy saint patrick's day . happy birthday lil bro . missing you every day .
new post : texas mobile apps canadian soldier shot in 'attack' near parliament
soldier shot this morning has died . thoughts are with the argylls
quick reminder 1490 wbcb will have no mercer county football this weekend due to hurricane sandy
michigan doing its part to help sandy victims get back online :
mtv rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/yia0m5wl
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/lfzkiwmk
thanks obama . i attribute this cuteness overload to you .
wapo va politics : pr . william democrats celebrate new obama term , local wins
awful to hear has been hit by another earthquake - thinking of and praying for families and aid workers there
terrible to hear another earthquake hit nepal - just when they are recovering .
why should high schoolers care about politics ? the portion of the us debt that will be repaid by those under 18 has gone up 53 % under obama .
i hate people !y'all mad he takin food stamps low income houses away ?!if you not disable you shouldn't be getting it anyway !#romney
like if you with obama and you say fuck romney !
if it was up to me i wouldn't vote for obama or romney id vote for cortana
i'm gonna be hurricane sandy for halloween tonight
i've been unaware of sandy's destruction . as i look at pictures i will be praying for the east coast . god bless the people taking action .
st . patrick's day is today , which means those who aren't irish wish they were and those who are flaunt it . to
what a way to wake up ! happy st . patrick's day !
quetions for the incompetent gover deval patrick . what additional security measures were taken to prevent terrorist attack in boston-none
at work i saw the news about boston this morning . one guy who was running was wearing the flash costume .
nothing like vail for st . patrick's day
happened st patrick day , dd
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims families and hostages in paris .
our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims of this horrific attack in paris !
group of death tomorrow looking live
poland 1 - 1 greece | robert lewandowski | dimitrios salpingidis
tomorrow is st . patrick's day and green just happens to be one of our school's colors ! wear green monday and tweet .
half-priced cheeseburgers at sonic drive-in for st . patrick's day !this is for tomorrow !
andreas lubitz : everything we know on sunday about germanwings plane crash co-pilot : profile , ex --full story
andreas lubitz : everything we know on sunday about germanwings plane crash co -
im so upset about sydney pakistan
yesterday it was sydney ,today it's pakistan .
any room at the inn this weekend ? even if it's st . patricks day and not xmas ?
happy st . patrick's day ! is anyone throwing a themed party this evening ?
today's goalscorers are sponsored by ourselves who have championed them all throughout the tourn
portugese cheating ? well knock me down and call me fanny
foster design build superstorm sandy donations top $11 million : read full story for latest details . robert berg
superstorm sandy donations top $11 million : read full story for latest details . cc
the shot for st . patrick's day ! irish car bomb ! $4.75 all day !
did anyone pinch a loaf on st . patrick's day after drinking purple drank .?
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : freetown (reuters) - sierra leone's top doctor fig
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : freetown (reuters) - sierra leone's top
usemergalerts : no subject dc | dammartin-en-goele |**inter-national breaking news **| - | u /d u /d offic announce
usemergalerts : no subject dc | dammartin-en-goele |**inter-national breaking news **| - | u /d offic announced th
love how people call us racist because we don't support obama . i have black family members who are republican !
good news is my phone doesn't auto capitalise mitt yet
i had a feeling that old decrepit fart would say katrina instead of sandy
i have never had more intimate , intense and amusing conversations with strangers than these 2 days of . we are all familiars now .
happy st patrick's day from somewhere near ireland .
happy st . patricks day , my fellow irish :d
got any for those celebrating st .patrick's day today ?
so much st patrick's day awesomeness . thanks ,
our country celebrates st patrick's day more than our own saints day
happy st patricks day bby have a very irish day
happy st . patrick's day . love , blarney
wow !! thanks so much for the rt ! happy st . patrick's day :)
my thoughts are with nepal , a place so near and dear to my heart .
hundreds dead in huge nepal quake - pray for nepal !
its dark as shit outside , sandy ass dun scared daytime away
hurricane sandy is about to shit on us
redding news hurricane sandy storm tracker and forecast maps - cbs news : san francisco chroniclehurricane sandy
hurricane sandy is coming . everybody be and stay safe please .
it's hurricane season . well it's over now but it was lol
this week has been quite unproductive
only a half-hour until kickoff . will the giants come up huge ? will the patriots prevail ? will the teams tie , and then become bff ?
preamble has revealed that none of the sports gentlemen that we will be watching are anything approaching intelligent .
latest numbers : 150.000 people at solidarity demonstration and concert in !
must lead by example | lifelinesyria via
limo is available if anyone needs a ride
not making it to sxsw this year . coming home !
prayers for michael brown's family tonight . may justice be done tomorrow .
no better words can express my support for mike brown family .
living it up at for with the finest of craft beers
anybody think tom brady looks like michael c . hall in dexter ? it's those fuckin eyebrows
the best part about st . patricks day time as a kid
currently walking in the chicago saint patrick's day parade lol
o datz right it is st patrick's day
st . patricks day is today ,.,,, so we drink right ? - basically
a little help for cmp--hurricane recovery
for i'd like to shoutout to my familyfriends in old bridge who are fighting the after effects of hurricane sandy
these scenes in sydney are so scary . i really hope everyone stays safe . good luck to the police on a happy outcome
my thoughts prayers are with our australian friends . please stay safe .
obama back on the campaign trail post hurricane sandy
i missed u soo much i lost power for 3 days cuz of hurricane sandy and all i was thinking about was i wanna c jb's tweets !
wishing the best to all on the east coast !
so no be even hurricane una dey cry for east coast u ppl should lie on flying carpet ..
new york times has sold it's soul .#ferguson
my 4 year old wants to be a cop for halloween this year . great timing . lol
did anyone notice that there are no videos or pictures from that whole concert thing and paris and the cameras at the venue were off
its bad enough they're hurting humans , but animals ?! that's definitely not okay . don't even get me started on plants
us voters to render verdict in close white house race : barack obama and mitt romney deadlocked in national polls
if romney wins , i'm taking all my justin bieber posters moving to canada .
happy st .patricks day from me and
photo : happy st .patricks day from me and
im gonna die monday from the hurricane help me
how about you just get your little butt back over here and stay for the hurricane ?
so , manning , a bopp , and fitzgibbon all running in they'll all be electoral losers twice in ten months , bravo !
by numbers : insight 4 elections details the top 25 general election 2016 politicians on twitter
no i can't be stuck in hampton during a hurricane or after . that's not okay . too far .
hurricane sandy is looking to be a rough one can't say i'm looking forward to it
show us your green today ! tag wilson orthodontics in your st . patrick's day pic !
big jon daly said no thanks to st patricks day to score for the rangers 2 -0
at 2 pm hurricane is moving ne at 11 mph . that motion continues through sunday .
watching sandy and hoping it doesn't bring any problems ! stay tuned .
our prays with our nepal brothers and around
praying for the safety and well being of all friends and their families in kathmandu new delhi
happy st . patrick's day from the dalke house !!!
happy st patricks day my friend , hopefully we can see you over here in ireland some day
getting ready for work , and i walk into a puddle of water , by my front door , thanx i think sandy wanted to leave
hey bro hope sandy's not blowin u away !!!!.u aii bro ryt ?
patrick , this is the most important question ever . do you like pineapples ?
start of st . patricks weekend at corned beef and cabbage soup fantastic !!
ac st . patricks's day parade !
the st . patrick's day parade was pretty awesome . but now i'm tired .-.
congrats to spain !!! going to final !! ..ok, in what world does ronaldo not take a penalty first for his team ? d'oh
should have used ronaldo for the shootout . saved him for what ?
from hurricane sandy to the sandy beaches of oahu !!! aloha people's !! here i come
hurricane sandy got nothing on knoxville
via sxsw film : 'paul williams still alive ' brings the filmmaker into the picture
sxsw film : 'paul williams still alive ' brings the filmmaker into the picture : npr
reports of shots fired on parliament hill , more to come
so - someone shot at the war memorial and library of parliament ? is that correct ? many police cars racing down kent st towards the hill .
africa : what is ebola ?: [africa check ]in february 2014 an outbreak of the ebola virus was identified in the so
africa : what is ebola ?: [africa check ]in february 2014 an outbreak of the e
never woken up angry at my country and who is running it .. i am very ashamed to say obama is my president for another 4
even though i strongly supported obama i think that romney deserved to win .
america has never been made by what can be done for us but what can we
theme of obama's speech : coming together and working toward a common goal no matter your political choice . forward .
at least obama won't be in the next election .
somebody save me from my history 202 class the obama-worshipers are starting a debate with our professor .
lml i'm coming hurricane party ! gonnnnnnne
it's the only way to get to my next show with the hurricane . thank you !
it's like a hurricane out here folks !
number one rule for hurricanes : get the hell outta there . things can be replaced . hope you stay safe , man .
1 crew member dead , captain missing after hurricane sandy takes down famous - fox news : telegraph .co.uk1
1 crew member dead , captain missing after hurricane sandy takes down famous - fox news
peace out , virginia . it's been real . thanks for cutting the trip short . knoxville bound .
hooe nobody be here when sandy come
after paris , liberal principles are more important than ever , says
what will be long-term economic consequences of paris attacks ? do you know your risk ?
fcps has closed school for 3 /17. the springs follows fcps for all closings and will close . st . patrick's day parties will occur on 3 /18.
god i used to hate st patricks day when i worked in pubs .
congratulations us president obama . the best man for the people won !
likud leader : israel must not bend for obama :
this hurricane that's going to hit new jersey
i really do hope the hurricane hits us this weekend or whatever . it'd be nice to have an extra day or two of no classes .
i hope everybody that's been affected by sandy is doin better ..
didnt notice that i only have 5 mins of whenever minutes left after calling all my friends affected by sandy . wish we had some more
how the rising poverty of , mo is emblematic of a growing problem across the u .s.:
because it appears more irrational by the day - as x-rays of the cop involved show he had severe injuries .
well if we're able to visit paris i will get flowers for the people who didn't get to survive this tragedy
thoughts with those who lost their lives and their loved ones in paris - we will show love , greater freedom and liberty , not oppression
he'd turn this country around for the better ! way better than obama or romney
hugo chavez and iranian khammeney are friends obama radical dictator revolutions muslim radicals
never understood why st . patrick's day , an irish holiday , is so big in the us .
well top of the morning to ya !it's an extra special for st . patrick's day at tiger tiger portsmouth
new york , other u .s. cities beef up security after paris attacks : new york , boston and
new york , other u .s. cities beef up security after paris attacks via
was charlie hebdo mocking the prophet mohammed or just talking about him ?
charlie hebdo : world leaders ' reactions to terror attack - telegraph
frightening what's happened in paris , my heart goes out to all the people it's affected
please retweet to support and the french people :parisje suiston ami !
let see this ! obama , romney make final appeals - wall street journal (a link in my bio )
great one here : obama , romney make final appeals - wall street journal [a link in my bio ]
charities , locals and bikers help repair nepal after new quake : nepal was just recovering from the first earthquake when a second one
this girl on facebook just marked herself as safe from the nepal earthquake . you were not even there
i don't see what's so humorous about hurricane sandy
we don't have power but we have bacon !
i'm eating a green st patricks day bagel and idk how i feel about it
st . patrick's day celebrates the arrival of christianity to ireland death of it's patron-saint . lent restrictions lifted for the day - fyi
if sandy keeping you in 2 nite !! save your costume ! we going in halloween night ! aqua !! cash prize best costu
groceries . firewood . candles . batteries . flashlights . water . books . i'm ready for you sandybring it on bitch .
my brother's wearing the shirt i got him from paris .
suspects held after 7 -hour paris raid - the straits times
happy st (ump) patrick day
happy st . patricks day from suf !
madonna pays tribute to paris by performing 'like a prayer ': madonna's concert in stockolm , sweden on saturday almost didn't happe
madonna pays tribute to paris by performing 'like a prayer ': madonna's concert in stockolm , sweden on
this is srsly sad and not normal anymore what's goin on with the world ?#prayforbelgium
at least 26 dead and more than 100 wounded after explosions in brussels airport , metro station . more here , via
volunteers pulled due to ebola threat - humanitarian agencies working in west africa have stepped up their precaut
volunteers pulled due to ebola threat : humanitarian agencies working in west africa have stepped up their prec
ah !!!!! bed to myself tonight - thanks
i think the team that wears red , white , and blue will win tonight .
white house launches hashtag - breitbart via welcoming terrorists .
white house launches hashtag - breitbart via god , what an ugly man , ah er , woman
here's a drink to health and happiness ! but not too many drinks , lest we lose ourselves .happy saint patrick's day !
happy st .patricks day gaga !!! have an amazing day :3
just found out st . patrick's day is tomorrow
goodnight ! :) have a good st patricks day !
ndrf teams rescued 11 persons and recovered 62 bodies so far in their nepal operations : ndrf via
nepal earthquake : death toll rises above 3,000 (exclusive) via
patrick called 3 days ago was odd
happy st . patrick's day ! drink more guinness !
right now pple around world r pouring in2the streets 2 support
: how the paris attack on charlie hebdo unfolded : the attack on satirical french newspap via
happy st . patrick's day be sure and get jiggy !
happy st . patrick's day people . it's not easy being green
french politics shifts right after paris attacks : the paris attacks have change
french politics shifts right after paris attacks : the paris attacks have changed the political (via
in ottawa : soldier shot , parliament locked down after gunfire erupts at war memorial /via
what the heck is going on in canada with the attacks ?! killing soldiers in quebec , shooting on parliament hill ?
17 /07/14,07:36:00 missiles launched against eshel hanasi .
17 /07/14,07:36:56 missiles launched against tifrah ,gilat,bitha,eshel hanasi .
relief work on hold in nepal as rescue takes priority again after aftershocks : just as it seemed that ne
relief work on hold in nepal as rescue takes priority again after aftershocks
register to vote now . is about who is making decisions . can't vote but you can .
racism is arresting people who congregate just like apartheid south africa .
18 vintage st . patrick's day postcards | rt
saying happy green day for st . patricks and people thinking on marijuana .
happy st . patricks day you little irish love
happy st . patrick's day to you guys and your little girl :) xx
no work tomm sandy fucking up my pesos but fuck it i don't got a problem with it lol .
i'm good .. we good .. lol im jus sayin
new fears about ebola spread after plane scare : sick man with ebola who boarded plane shows weaknesses in stop
new fears about ebola spread after plane scare : sick man with ebola who boarded plane s
if the ebola virus gets to england then it will be plague dimensions and no one will be able to stop it .
now my cousin thinks the world is coming to an end cos of this ebola virus *rotfl*
i was dazed when one presenter said ebola hadn't killed more than 15 -16 people yet . dear , ebola has killed over 600 in w /a already !
this ebola bitch is really deadly o ! may god keep us all .
that was the biggest fucking shitshow i think i've ever seen . you are not alone .
who has live feed for press conference , just lost feed ?? send link pls !
hey scott , hope you're having an awesome sxsw so far . drop by 4 th /san jacinto corner to our hangout spot , would love to say hi
i will be recording free peoplemercials today . promote yourself on national tv . tweet me and i'll find you .
what safey measures you take due to protect nationals tourists ?
what safety measures you take due to protect nationals tourists ?
inside that paris apartment : what happened during the 7 -hour deadly siege : in the early hour
inside that paris apartment : what happened during the 7 -hour deadly siege : in the early h
omg .sick - germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '
now : the latest on the germanwings plane crash . co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '.
a snowy dc st . patrick's day
no one told me today was st . patrick's day
covering press conference . york state police hawthorne )
what if you die because of the hurricane omg let's make it trend y'all
sxsw . sxsw 2012 : tanlines anchor a night of revelations
sxsw 2012 : tanlines anchor a night of revelations :) sxsw
happy st .patricks day to you too fluttershy !
a toast to you on this glorious st . patrick's day !
just cracked my phone . happy st patricks day everyone (-:
you ruined my by pulling those who kill -- you suck
awful headlines on . some people need reminding that terrorism has no religion .
you are yet to the where is your statement ? where is ? ? and idiot wimal w ?
canada to send disaster aid team , $5 million to quake-stricken nepal :
thoughts are with the nepalese , tragic time . bbc news - earthquake : death toll passes 1,000
now repots of an explosion at a metro station in brussels
just reported possible explosion at a metro station in
bi-polar mania + energy from arriving hurricane sandy + negativity from personal issues = anxiety this way breweth .
i wish this hurricane will hurry up and go up north !
inside : n ashburnham teacher was half-mile from finish line /4 n north central mass . authorities on ale
okay , i've officially had it with the media ref boston .
hiding :1) in picardie 2 ) in a grey renault cliothey must be severely depressed .#jesuischarlie
best two pieces on charlie hebdo from and too much pussy footing from others . these are the points to address .
happy st . patrick's day from bait ! stop by the shop and pick up something green before you get pinched !
happy st patricks day !!! irish =green=grass=grass in our new vid : i know she said !!
video : brussels airport suspect still at large whizzy_walexzy
video : brussels airport suspect still at large via (harradox)
this morning i am teary . for those that are in boston i send out peace and prayers . to those like myself that
i still cant get over the bombs in boston
wish we didn't have school on st .patricks day
my family really takes st . patricks day seriously
rip paris attack victims shame on isis
paris attacks and 'jihadi john ' - uk newspaper headlines
happy birthday and happy st patrick's day too !
happy st . patrick's day ! may summer's magic be just around the corner !
out here recording zone a there is no broadwalk . i'm not lying
why sandy's storm surge will pack an unusually strong punch -
hurricane sandy is not gonna stop me from going out for free candy hell to the no
all tv shows are postponing new episodes till next week cause of the hurricane
happy st patricks day enjoy your couple of jars !
happy st . patricks day y'all !!! and happy birthday to my momma :)
lounging before flight to for 2 days due to sandy . business lounge )
because its late and a hurricane is happening . trappedin the house for two days
for all of you that thought hurricane sandy was a joke . it was clearly not a joke .
hurricane sandy halts construction ; buildings prepare for worst via
yea ! afr design challenge : meet patrick peel :
patrick il m'a dm je t'aime beaucoup
my thoughts and prayers to all those affected by the attacks this morning .
i spent a lot of time at maalbeek station last summer . chilling stuff .
should i care that sandy poses a threat to other countries when i don't have water because of old girl ?
so many tweets about hurricane sandyi dont live in a hurricane prone area , so i have no clue what you all are going through , but be safe !
first an earthquake now we supposed to get a hurricane why deny 2012 anymore
a hurricane comes and all of a sudden everyone is a meteorologist
[news] danny brown gets pelted with lemon during sxsw show : during his performance , danny brown was hit with som
[news] danny brown gets pelted with lemon during sxsw show : during his performance , danny brown was hit with
yeah so where is that hurricane everyone was so hiped up about ?
next : 11 november 2012, at wisata kuliner , with : thirteen , in hurricane rhytm , childern of gaza , and many more ~
you know st . patricks actual colour was blue weird .
happy st . patrick's day ! we hope you will join us for lunch or dinner !
just cuz i support obama doesnt mean i think he's perfect . but for me he was the better choice . so don't put me down for my opinion
nate silver : politics 'geek' hailed for barack obama wins us election forecast : an american politica
my 9 :30 class was cancelled . woot woot !! going back to bedddd
omg is it true that the world trade center site in nyc is flooded due to ? :o i just saw pics ..worried! does anyone know if it's true ?
me too . during the hurricane last year we lost it for 11 hrs . some surrounding towns lost it for days .
i know we're a tough bunch , but here's hoping all my fellow stay safeprepared for .
thanks :) i can agree to that . good luck recovering from the aftermath of . thoughts are with you all
we sat by the runway and got dived on by the hurricane and maven went to shake sams hand but pulled away her face was a pic xx
does anyone want to come over and watch the next game ?
de rossi r who has been the best player of match ? italy - spain .
bruce springsteen , christina aguilera to perform at nbcuniversal 'hurricane sandy : coming together ' ben
bruce springsteen , christina aguilera to perform at nbcuniversal 'hurricane sandy : coming together ' b
as unraveled , the world found a new way of watching with live streaming :
the cultural construction of the riots - how hollywood justifies urban violence -
via visual notes from the social business summit
i want to go to there . there being austin , of course .
4 more years of obama ! cannot be more proud of my prezy !
romney : i don't see how you can hate from my side of the club .obama: you can't even get in .leggoo
st patrick's day seems to last three days around here .
st patrick's day is on monday mate
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods l
latest : typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely
happy st patrick's day everyone ! in need of a bit of extra luck ? check out this 4 leaf clover for sale on trade-it !
happy st patrick's day everyone ! in need of a bit of extra luck ? check out this 4 leaf clover for sale on
who the frigggg picked the name sandy ..
this bitch sandy taking her sweet time to come ! lmao
due to the anticipated impact of hurricane sandy ,the galleria will be closed on monday october 29 th as a
please say a prayer for those in the path of hurricane sandy !
does anyone know why purple represents the boston thing
things like what happened in boston today happen every single day in the middle east and parts of africa and no one ev
back to journalism !! my first articles in will be published here in soon
student solidarity across borders : students , universities and refugee crises past /present by dr georgina brewis
i may of only seen one movie today so far but i have 5 reviews in the bag and more to come . now to see what to go see tonight !
thanks , anne ! i want to see this .
flights are diverting around the cbd but flights in out of syd running as normal .
serious incident in sydney ,,hope it ends well ,,but cant help think the lone gunman wont last the night
we're right down the middle like a phil dawson field goal . let's hope for a dramatic weakening of the storm .
is sandy the male sandy or the female sandy ? i just wanna know what i'm up against here .
why don't we go crazy for st . george's day like they do for st . patrick's
it's st . patrick's day why do i have classes ???
: swiss lawyer hired to repatriate abacha loot denies operating tax havens
how leaks , big data can be used for international investigative journalism , by
sierra leone religious leaders criticise government handling of ebola
sierra leone religious leaders criticize government handling of ebola via
dismantling my bedroom studio in anticipation for hurricane sandy .
so sandy isn't supposed to hit us until tuesday and its supposed to be a tropical storm by then .
said and cherif kouachi : troubled childhood of charlie hebdo suspects : suspected charlie hebdo killers s
: said and cherif kouachi : troubled childhood of charlie hebdo suspects : suspected cha via
cnn : battleground blog : hurricane sandy impacts early voting in nc
i'm still going out for halloween hurricane or not
it boils my piss that the bbc and other english owned media have been fucking around giving one sided arguments . fuelling the fire .
feel privileged as an english person living and working in beautiful scotland to be able to vote today .
keeping them in our thoughts and prayers all the love in the world !!
my heart and prayers goes out to my friends in boston . whoever committed this act of terrorism must pay for
how tf could i forget that today is st . patrick's day ???
st . patrick's day turn up ? you know it .
what was it like to be in paris right during and after the attacks ?
free speech alive even as part of paris dies
really ?!?? i am being hit with hurricane sandy :(
i had plans but sandy acting like she ain't havin it ,
i'd like to believe in your optimism but obama believes 'working with ' means they all agree with him
97 % of blacks between 18 and 29 voted obama and 92 % of dc voted obama , ur telling me this isnt racism at its worst ?!?!
you win st patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day ! julegamache
happy st . patrick's day ! save 15 % with coupon code luckyyou today at pink lemonade shop
happy st . patricks day ! enjoy the beer and check out our page so we can make a great movie .
neither was st patrick , but who cares the craig us mighty !!!
already drank too much ,puked,and passed out ! happy st . patrick's day , y'all !!
i should really go to sleep its 11 :11 can hurricane sandy come sooner and knockdown a couple of power lines for no school tomorrow
watch hurricane sandy roll in from the top of the building
hey hope . it's cold and rainy today . am watching coverage of hurricane sandy . will u be affected ?
someone invite me to your hurricane party .
pray for the surviving hostages of the the families of those killed . more :
how did a felon out on bail get a gun in australia ?
just showed the explosions boston marathon finish line ! oh , my god , please b w / the people there , please ! i'm begging you !
boston is one of my favorite cities . such a tragedy .
world - rescuers step up hunt for bodies in quake-hit nepal trekking village
reuters top news : rescuers step up hunt for bodies in quake-hit nepal -
izakmoss : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
juandisay : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
your handy slap down guide to the alternatives to the eu proposed by the leave eu folks ..#euref
new eu deal with turkey gives the right to 77 m turks to travel in europe another reason to brexit
love how national hangover day is the day after st patrick's day
really didn't know it was st . patricks day at all .
possibly because its a hurricane hahahaha
classes canceled tomorrow ! just kidding , sandy is not coming close to jacksonville
yes we did so u know i'm talmbout sandy lol
the wire : superstorm sandy's trail of destruction ; nyc strangely quiet - san jose mercury news : the wire :
. ..sleepless here too .my thoughts are with ya
sad to hear the news from paris ..we stand with you ..pray for world peace .
i'm surviving on sourpatch kids ,sweetish fish and oatmeal through this hurricane
someone really just asked me what was . educate yourself people .
hoy : second american infected with ebola - see more
second american infected with ebola [sale ]
chris rock is backing obama but not as you might think
there's a reason the rest of the world is backing and that reason is we all want a strong america , so please vote obama !!
i think we look kind of bad right now . the world is looking at us , and what do they see ?
with all the guns who circulate in the united states its a miracle that there no shooting between police and protesters in
brussels attacks : airport bombing suspect 'arrested' relief .
the surviving suspect in the brussels airport attack has reportedly been arrested
have you been following casey . he checked in with kj in boston . emerson is a few blocks from the blast .
i'm sorry but if you're making a joke out of what happened at the boston marathon today you deserve a fucking slap in the
*****king congratulates president barack obama *****custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdullah bin abdulaziz al saud has sent a
*****king congratulates president barack obama *****custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdullah bin
i don't get what is achieved when you kill anyone :( i hope everyone in paris just stays safe
are the shootings in paris a hit back from isis because of jihadi john ?
green - sandy-hit areas sputter back to life : at every turn , there are signs that storm-ravaged cities along the
cnn sandy-hit areas sputter back to life : at every turn , there are signs that storm-ravaged cities along the eas
happy birthday and happy st patrick's day from london ! x
happy st patrick's day to all that celebrate !
if romney becomes the president , i'm moving to mars with that is all .
obama will grab the lead early in the election , until the rest of america gets off of work ! /ryan
all i'm saying is hurricane sandy better leave alone .
iight i'm get rite an come thru i got jizz an b on deck we screaming fuck da hurricane ..
it's a painful match to watch for italy
poor italy , as i said . bu i still cheer for spain =)
omg hurricane sandy why did you do that
our thoughts are with those who has been affected by hurricane sandy .
wassup with this hurricane sandy or tropical storm ?
sandy needs to calm down .. i'm not even on the train yet
how environmentalism can help stop ebola : an ebola outbreak in west africa has been linked to deforestation an
how environmentalism can help stop ebola
good afternoon y'all happy st . patrick's day !!!!
(i'm not wearing pants ) happy st . patricks day
ndtv videos : a week after nepal earthquake , a tale of two villages - ndtv videos latest entries a week
a week after nepal earthquake , a tale of two villages (video)
it's official wife named sandy 2 teenage boys have heard every hurricane /mom's period joke in history
i am very impressed with fox coverage of sandy all hands on deck and in the field . great job of real journalistic excellence .
happy st . patricks day ! here's a fun craft to do at home :
happy st . patrick's day - hope it's your lucky day !
its mad that we live in england and we celebrate st patricks day more than st georges day .
happy st . patrick's day from all at 123 .ie
runners , travelers from boston return to
i'm at amrheins restaurant (south boston , ma )
i just say happy st . patrick's day and give up haha
happy st patricks day all the way from portugal :) xxx
gayle storm all over kathmandu
video shows the moment nepal earthquake hits village near langtang via
no one would know what st patricks day is if it didn't involve drinking
sheamus out on st . patrick's day . who didn't call that ?
hey america , half of you are idiots anyways , so don't vote , but if you do , i would recommend it be obama , love , rest of the world .
is voting obama so you should to shid she got food stamps to right ?
norman patrick mothiedie wrote : it's not the load that kills you , it's how you carry it .
norman patrick mothiedie wrote : hope sees things that faith can get !!!
my crazy 8 yr old was a disco zombie and my 10 yr old was a wraith :) trick or treating was resched to next week
yoo . i just learned that the hurricane i lived through (hurricane ike ; houston tx 2008 ) is the 2 nd costliest hurricane in hi
if your desperate ass is ,driving in a hurricane for the nookie your a thirsty fool .. that wind is whipping lol
whoa so sandy is a big un . sending lots of love to american twitter buddies x
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at toujours spa salon !
how the chaz stole st patricks day
hope you guys are ok ..sandy must have caused a lot of hardship
please follow me , it would mean so much . a hurricane just hit nyc and i love you o
has sandy hit new york , westchester yet ?? cuz i don't see nothing outside
thinking of everyone who is in sandy's path ! especially my family in new york and connecticut !!
# news paris terror attack : terrorists have no religion : rashid
ali # paris terror attack : terrorists have no religion : rashid
good morning , good peeps ! so proud of the usa ~showing up getting it right ! congrats president obama !
thank god for waking me up this morning and blessing us w / 4 more yrs w / president obama
these headphones are the coolest headphones i have ever seen touched . hope i could win one today !
huge s /o to my muhfuggin **f*b*a*m** fam heading down to houston ,tx today for sxsw !!! safe travels fam represent for da o !!
7.9 magnitude earthquake hits nepal causing damage , injuries reported - fox news : ndtv 7.9
yare 7.9 magnitude earthquake hits nepal causing damage , injuries reported - fox news : ndtv 7.9 magnitude yare
canadian shooting victim nathan cirillo : his dogs and friends in mourning cpl . nathan cirillo was killed in a te
canadian police release video of ottawa parliament gunman during attack [sale ]
screw all of you who think hurricane sandy is something to joke about .
i'm now wary of buying anything there for awhile with all the other reported issues due to the hurricane .
i wish they would keep them fuckers alive and have them have a slow painful death . wankers
george bush and dick chaney's major screw up in iraq created isis . only a moron would fault obama for the paris attacks .
i'm so nervous for everyone in sydney omg
dear erna , i don't know if you heard the things of sydney , i am worried for norwegian people would meet the same things :(
the fuck is happening in canada ?! running over people , 3 different shooting scenes in one day ?! 0.0 terrorism ?!
crazy scene in parliament as doors blocked
at least 35 reported dead , 100 hostages taken in paris
my thoughts are with the people of paris tonight . these attacks are inhumane .
typhoon hagupit sweeps across philippines - bbc news : bbc newstyphoon hagupit sweeps acro
followme - typhoon hagupit sweeps across philippines - bbc news : bbc newstyphoo followme -
: 5 things you need to know about the attacks
brussels attacks show group able to dodge crackdown via yahoo
everyone posting bout paris but in reality they ain't even gonna contribute to the situation lol
i still cannot believe what's happening in paris
tell me why tweeted my old twitter name and asked me if got me . -__- been in htown for a year lol . thanks tho t :)
death toll from now stands at 50 in us . pretty high for a storm these days .
thank goodness this fuck tard is speaking so i can hear obama speak . so i can sleep .
can romney just leave my tv screen right nw ? i want to see obama and call it a night .
all my thoughts go to boston . no one deserved it !
to stand with boston , remember that the single most useful thing an individual can do in almost any emergency is to give
why is holder involved in this case ? seriously , the man is a sick mf'er . 50 fbi agents ? wtf ? racist ag
instead of wearing cameras , the police take their badges off . this could end badly .
washington-based reits hit hard by hurricane sandy : while the washington area escaped the brunt of hurricane san
bj : washington-based reits hit hard by hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day all from eire :the irish name of ireland .
a .k.a. national white boy turn up day lol
police in canada are investigating recent shooting incidents in ottawa and near montreal that have killed two
just a little post i made about the
wwe honors the victims of the paris terrorist attacks via
breaking : 3 arrested in western germany in connection with paris attacks .
torres is warming up , i assume spain are looking not to score then .
cesc fabregas is driving them forward , he's a hazard .
somebody would make an hurricane sandy twitter and get 74.1 k followers
wow hurricane sandy's got a twitter -.-
if you voted for obama and we r friends , it's best that you don't ever ask me for a favor again
i dont want to take away from what obama has done but mlk spoke on some powerful stuff , and we most def aint there yet
my thoughts and prayers are going to paris
honestly fuck you if you're making fun of this whole paris thing worthless piece shit this is nowhere near funny .
here's a list of potentially unconstitutional things police in are doing ..
if truly , shots have been fired at police , we all need to pray for our nation and the innocent .#ferguson.
nathan road , mong kok on oct . 17 evening
nathan road very jammed , even for the reopened northbound in mong kok
[the nation ] brussels airport bombers named as brothers linked to paris suspect : report
brussels airport bombers named as brothers linked to paris suspect : report : brussels - two suicide bombe
hurricane update : east begins to stir after sandy : superstorm sandy continues its path across the country today ,
thanks a lot hurrican sandy for messin with next time knock out sportsline fantasy or espn
poland defence stood still and no i am not talking about world war ii
platini wonderful footballer , tosser of a human being !
breaking / missouri gov . jay nixon declares state of emergency and enacts curfew in
gov jay nixon declares a state of emergency , imposes curfew in
romney will turn the scotus into a bleak hellscape
let nothing stop you tomorrow from getting out to vote . and vote for president barack obama .
nypd cop dies after saving family from sandy : officer safely moves family into attic of his house but wasn't abl
news ! nypd cop dies after saving family from sandy : officer safely moves family into attic of his house but wasn
happy st . patrick's day to you too babe ;) x
happy st . patrick day to you too
obama all the way :d hahahaha
my president is black ! let's go obama !
s /o to sandy for given us a reason to pop this
hearing the steelers cannot find hotel rooms ahead of trip to ny
this address from to the paris attackers is brutal , honest , brave and brilliant .
where could i meet you today in paris ? :d
new : receive hurricane sandy updates via text or social media : received important storm health updates .
ale receive hurricane sandy updates via text or social media : received important storm health updates .
happy st patricks day everybody . goooooo irish !!!!!!
i'm irish . so happy st . patrick's day !!!!!!
i didn't know there were actual hurricanes . i thought this was some internet meme making fun of that rapper hurricane chri
hurrucane sandy - you are allowed to whip out my school but if you take my power out i will personally stop you myself
siege in martin place , sydney . i feel sorry for the hostages inside
praying that everyone in sydney comes out of this safely
cbs switches out 'supergirl' and 'ncis: los angeles ' over paris attacks : following the tragic events in paris , cbs is switching out t
cnn money news - cbs switches out 'supergirl' and 'ncis: los angeles ' over paris attacks
another gem from the liberal left : right wingers who believe in a thing called the constitution should prevent police brutality
mt clayton police brought riot shields to our clergy protest at prosecutor's office . i guess prayer is intimidating .
candidates : on hard workers in donegal ! a strong team !
we need to ensure that our children are provided with the best quality childcare .
happy st patrick's day and check out strategies for brands !
happy st . patrick day ! have an amazing day guyz ! :)
this hurricane is making people go mad ! stay safe everyone !
mt romney campaign offices are collecting $ to help people affected by sandy , page links to red cross and storm info
eventhough we don't celebrate it here . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from tal associates !
pray for paris : what i will and will not say this sunday : as the world mourns for paris this weekend , :from lj
pray for paris : what i will and will not say this sunday : as the world mourns for paris this weekend , church-g
people are surfing in lake michigan . thank you hurricane sandy .
hurricane sandy on tv in the break room , i want to cry , all the destruction ! i'm glad you're more awesome than this hurricane !
ongoing common wealth games , football leagues across europe about to start , ebola in africa , war in d middle east .. life isn't fun afterall
new post : world briefing : sierra leone : leading doctor dies of ebola
i'm going to have to interrupt this speech ..because i need a bath . damn you work
his game face is on4 more years !
sandy knocked my tree fort down
a friend turned me on to jason gay's writing a while back . good stuff . this is the real new york city
didn't i say previously everyone needs 2 bombard justice department w / complaints of rights violations ? please do it !!
if we had the kind of firepower in iraq in 2003 that we have in in 2014, something something fuck donald rumsfeld
if you come across a woman tomorrow who can break down shes a keeper
i just hope it's a close , exciting game !
i forgot it's st . patrick's day today lol . shit i'm gonna get pinched
there is a st patricks day icon ay
how do i know someone has ebola ?
only dumb pips that would come up here and use ebola 4 jokes . i v watch documentaries n sin what it has done 2 pple ,its not close 2 bin funi
hurricane sandy is about to cum on all of us .
why isn't my school closed for hurricane warnings ?!
*starts twerking fo ' hurricane sandy *
bertie aint gone stop until sandy pick up the school .. with us in it . cancel school already , sheesh .
happy st . patrick's day ! who's having corned beef ?
have a great night and happy st patrick's day ! g'night all
no work . thats mah gurrrl sandy
[image] from goes-east satellite (oct 29 ) via [actually scarily beautiful ]
dna from 78 germanwings crash victims isolated
freemalaysiatoday : dna from 78 germanwings crash victims found : between 400 and 600 body parts were currently
which mobile apps do americans really use
ben milne's journey from college dropout to payment innovator - (cc
let's all hope for better days for paris on his recent visit .
remember the world has more good than bad people , there were many more people that helped in paris than those who did this cowardly attack .
hasnt even started yet and 3 tts are football related . lets go !
wish i was in america for the last year was a good'un :)
i feel so bad for the reporter and camera guy who have to sit in the middle of the hurricane
somewhere there is a strip club capitalizing on this . sandy frankenstorm is my new drag name .
sydney has an advanced public address system on each street corner . this helped clear the area and evacuate martin place
im so confused about whats happening in sydney
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/1stwf8usiq
: earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/wzoub8ffya
prayers for nepal . they just can't catch a break ! 7 's are huge earthquakes !
*goosebumps* i'm so sorry nepal :(
wabash national division unveils new 16 x 8 ft folding emergency shelters
ps ill be coming over in the case of a hurricane :d
financial times - staff held hostage in sydney cafe
new post : report : possible hostage situation in sydney
here's a happy st . patrick day to all those i hold dear here and in heaven !
let there be no doubt i have on green ! happy st . patrick's day !
sxsw interactive 2012 sessions about sharing economy
the vibe house artists at sxsw 2012, just added : super producer timbaland and snoop dogg !!! | vibe
somehow coverage of seems to be proportionately in low key as compared to the importance of the news .
social media key role in paris reaction : facebook deploys safety check alerts and twitter users offer p
on barack obama makes case for britain staying in the eu better than our politicians
still pushing obama's bullshit pro eu propaganda i wonder how many days they'll drag this out ?
for the record , i don't even like toons . still , they all deserved to be alive , unlike any and all fanatics . of any kind /creed.
paris on maximum alert after attack , horrific stuff may god punish them . in this world and here after .
i strongly hope nobody die in paris shooting case any more !!!the two suspects should release the hostages immediately !
at least 2 killd in hostage drama east of
you know what , feck it , come on italy ! sick of spain trying to walk it in !
italy shows great football right there . i like that
hahah balotelli man what an arsehole
balotelli may get sent off in a minute if he carries on ?
the pulse of the people of paris , a city in mourning . reports
tough video to watch . you can hear the bombers detonate themselves . i bet the police felt pretty helpless .
may not be a fan but that goal from nasri was ridiculously good !
hodgson teams defend on their 6 yard line . we better get used to it .
my timeline has blown the f up with
is there really an endgame to ? besides all the police being removed from the force and on trial for human rights violations ?
american doctor working with ebola patients in africa tests positive for the deadly virus :
american doctor in liberia tests positive for ebola virus via the
nice job google crisis response . :)
- nepal earthquake , nsa and germany and robert frank
why david stern talmbout hurricane katrina ???
david stern just acknowledged the struggle of those currently suffering from hurricane katrina .
engadget - telegram founder knew isis was using his service before paris attacks
telegram founder knew isis was using his service before paris attacks : secure messaging service telegr
majority of da ages 18 -20 ish voting for president obama tho ! i am !
aye what channel that obama thing on ,..
now south lanarkshire's turn , they go for no by 121,800 votes to 100990 .
on the flip side , south lanarkshire votes no .
obama returns to the post-sandy campaign trail : president obama returned to the campaign trail for the npr
obama returns to the post-sandy campaign trail : president obama returned to the campaign trail for the first tim
hey man u still there or are you all sandy :p
news airplaying hurricane sandy : how one cord cutter fared : miraculously , my block in northern philadelphi media
its no more bombblast ,its now ebola my god !! we need help !
symptoms of ebola 1 .fever.2.headache.3.joint and muscle aches .4.weakness.5.diarrhea.6.vomiting.7.stomach pain .8.lack of appetite .
heres my green for st patricks day
st patrick's day dog video
spain 4 -0 ireland . (torres 4 ',70') (silva 49 ') and fabregas (80). .great result
results : italy 1 -1 croatia . spain 4 -0 rep of ireland .
the safety of the locals capture of these terrorists trumps ur need to know everything (including tactical positions )
praying for everyone in paris ..may god save dem
i'm a bit concerned about my prima she was caught in sandy lost everything but her lifenext time evacuate !
holy smokes ! mt a few photos of boat basin area //
lmaoo you posted song lyrics on the internet for the people in boston , you're so compassionate .
how could people do something like that
guys are you celebrate st . patrick's day ? :d
not even celebrating st . patricks this year since i worked . i usually cook up a storm .
happy st . patrick's day ! wear something green today !
happy st . patrick's day - a great excuse to wear green and celebrate spring just around the corner with a potluck !
thanks b couldn't find you at the obama celebration last night . where were you , gurl ?!
damnn romney was tryna take away all the protection . birth control . condoms . weave . food stamps
hmmm wondering whether i should watch englad /france tonight
now martin kelly gets a virus ?! thats what they picked him for ?! to get sick abroad at the fa's expense ?! bollocks .
sadly i am not happy to be having the interference of football on st patricks day !o'neills i am disappointed !!
we celebrated st patrick's day with corn beef spread and blue lab's irish red beer at the social hour and
i think it was inevitable that obama was gonna win the election .
obama finally wins the usa elections !!!
dtn italy : stories of those who died in the paris attacks : they were artists and students , music lovers , paren
how atheists should and shouldn't respond to the paris attacks
tectonics (gcse a2 ): buildings collapse , at least two killed as 7.9 quake hits nepal , india : witnesses .
quite a long duration for an earthquake . widespread from nepal downwards and east
in 1 hr , the do what they're best at , fight each other on behalf of other nations
special for , play football slots at casinoluckywin : 30 paylines , mega wild and bonus symbols
i actually forgot today was st . patrick's day .
'will the irishman get lucky on st patricks day '
sandy pounded the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean : hurricane sandy po
pakis rape kids : sandy pounded the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean : hurricane sandy pound
what would he have been if we didn't have a hurricane ?
sandy jobs : dispatch (sandy, ut ): west division - sandy , ut - comcast is an equal employment opportun
praying for those in paris . my heart is heavy for all the hate in this world .
when people post about praying for paris i hope they are actually praying not just posting .
we're all voting for roseanne right ?
doh mt florida elections office mistakenly told voters in robocalls the election was on wednesday :
sandy , shmandy ! high court to press on despite storm : despite the closure of the federal government , the u .s. su
sandy , shmandy ! high court to press on despite storm : despite the closure of the federal gover (via
i don't really like football but my god some of these spanish and italian players are amazingly good looking .
torres misses again . if this was 2008, he'd've scored thrice by now . *facepalms*
speak up to pay real tribute to charlie hebdo journalists : un
speak up to pay real tribute to charlie hebdo journalists : un : describing the attack against french satirical
v on policing muslim communities after brussels attacks : via
v on policing muslim communities after brussels via
have you been that affected by sandy ? haha
can't believe it's been a whole year ! this one is for everyone effected by sandy . this sunda
i pray for your country and everyone in sydney , feel safe :)
there are people held hostage and others take selfies with the cafe in the background and post it on twitter . how sick is this ?
happy st patricks day fellow irelanders
happy st . patricks day to the irish and the christians .
goodbye . time for real housewives of atlanta !
you killed it with madge . should have been your halftime show !
i'm calling sandy's bluff no shit is gonna happen
latest govt forecast has sandy make harder left turn , center hits delmarva rather than south jersey
germany fans have balls of paper
ard livestream y you give me 240 p ?
hurricane sandy sounds dangerous , but a world series celebration during halloween in san francisco could be a disaster .
hurricane sandy . more like hurricane bitch . ruined my halloween
thank you stl county da for choosing the slower way , so there'senough time before g .j. indict . for stl city to burn down .
im not anti-cop , because someone has to do that job . but fucking keep . them . in . check . jesus christ
rob lowe receives backlash for 'insensitive' tweets following paris attacks
waking up to the terrible news in paris , what's going wrong with people in this world !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/f96op7iiup
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/joe6fdbnef
need a twitter client with a mute function . mainly for this ----
rt awesome video promoting the launch event at sxsw festival next week
wish the media could join up the horror /suffering caused in the us by with what happens daily in many parts of the world . on
this is gonna be the first time i go out since sandy hit us , and damn everything looks so tragic
the baby is getting pre-hurricane bath . we may need that tub for fresh water .
cooking up my meals getting ready for the hurricane
just got an update on our building . oy . it is so destroyed from hurricane . probably wont have power till wednesday and so much damage . sad
doesn't nanny bloomberg have emergency power to cancel the event and force participants to volunteer for #
we've got local elections in a couple weeks - those count ? lol good luck to the us , both in recovering from sandy in gvt .
this is how you can help victims of hurricane sandy . please do if you can !
five places where hurricane sandy could affect the election
lawd ! sandy making too much noise outside .
rt ex proctor gamble exec sends open letter to obama 4 second time !
if mitt wins we will all the way back to 2006 the beginning of the end .
yay we reached the goal for donation the goal was 1,00,000 but it is 1,62,422 finally we a helped nepal n prayers !!
bbc news - a 12 -year-old indian boy breaks piggy bank to donate to earthquake victims in nepal
i added a video to a playlist msnbc-malcolm nance analysis the tactics of the paris attacks
i added a video to a playlist malcolm nance discusses details of paris attack 11 -13-2015
mhmm especially with sandy going around
i know darlingthanks ! be safe ! enjoy god's daily blessings .sandy was just passing thru !
um can sandy just hit bc i dont want to charge my shit anymore
idk man hurricane sandy got me
when yu pinch me i punch tf outta ur ass remember it's saints patricks day !
happy st patricks day joe xx
news after nepal quakes , monsoon poses risk of more landslides , floods
after nepal quakes , monsoon poses risk of more landslides , floods : geologists are rushi
this takes the cake for best happy st . patrick's day picture lol !
in honor of st . patrick's day , we've found some of the best colleges to celebrate and turn it green .
hurricane sandy crashes a mozart wedding at the met . performances are cancelled .
i love how shepherd closes for an alleged hurricane but has remained open during tragic ice /snow stormsoh well ,
happy st . patrick's day from tusculum college athletics !!
happy st . patrick's day ~ my favorite holiday ~ enjoy
it's never until st . patrick's day that i realise just how many irish friends /friends with irish relatives i have
happy st patrick's day ! what's your leprechaun name ? (spotted on facebook ) im sprinkles mccoppertop !!!
everyone should unfollow as they're using the sydney siege hashtags to promote their tweets !
no sorry i'm from sydney australia
hurricane sandy is not happening we live in windsor
u fucking up my paper sandy !!!
follow president obama surveys damages leftover by sandy [photos]: president obama made it to new
president obama surveys damages leftover by sandy [photos]: president obama made it to new follow
is it just me or is the more insignificant to everyone else this year too ?
throwing a party again this year . almost as many kids as adults coming . we should have called it a play date instead .
.. glad you are safe . thought of you when i heard of explosion at boston marathon
stockton woman , parents survive explosions marathon
there's a hurricane in canada ? why am i unaware of this ? im so clueless tbh now i feel bad :(
lmao they made a page about hurricane sandy .
how many people at have been into space ? - answer 2 . gotta love being at a panel full of space explorers
food (dot)com is looking for a community manager .
my heart goes out to the people of ecuador today .
our thoughts go out to all the people affected by the earthquake in ecuador .
paris attacks hit luxury hotels particularly hard : executives in the hospitality industry are taking s
paris attacks hit luxury hotels particularly hard : executives in the hospitality industry are t
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented ebola epi
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented ebol
st patricks day : 1 hannah , anna and maggie : 0
and this all on st . patrick's day ! :o
sxsw diary : how ambreen razaq of the windish agency handles 15 artists , eating 2012 : sxsw for ambreen raz
sxsw diary : how ambreen razaq of the windish agency handles 15 artists , eating 2012
happy st . patrick's day ! may good luck be on your side this monday !
the true gold at the end of the rainbow !!! happy st . patrick's day !
ready for this rematch from 4 years ago
like nicki minaj said i'm at the
celebrate st patrick's day with these sweets .
we want to wish all of you a great st . patrick's day !!
roll'n up some green for st . patrick day
happy st . patricks day everybody from sophia .
argh ! it's nearly st . patricks day ! o'brien - you're drunk !
i wonder how many people are practicing irish yoga on this beautiful sunday morning ? that's the toll of st . patrick's day weekend .
sure i'll huff and puff and blow hurricane sandy down
hurricane sandy potentially bigger than irene : forecasters warned hurricane sandy could deliver a bigg
who's also having halloween on monday because of the hurricane ?
sandy is such a wuss name . nobody thinks a hurricane named sandy will do damage . she shoulda been named spine-crusher . that's scary .
happy st . patrick's day lovelies ! no better day to go green !
good morning all , happy st patrick's day .hope you have a great day ..suppo//t.co/e48eosal6k
i didn't know st patrick's day was tomorrow
saint patricks day tomorrow what is everyone doing ?
happy st patricks day niall from italyy ! 3
happy st patrick's day can i plz get a follow back ?
the support globally for st patricks day is testimony to the irish people
i'm not sure how ron swanson feels about st . patrick's day , but whatever it is , i'm certain i feel the same way .
happy st patrick's day !serving corned beef sandwiches !come get yours today !
tomorrow is st . patrick's day and i'm pretty sure i don't own any green
st . patrick's day but i've got no green
happy st . patrick's day from everyone here at smiles of chattanooga !
laura dundovic in white bikini on sydney beach
forget jihad murder . that's trivia .can we do more to promote sharia headsacks ??#auspol
hurricane sandy is wreaking havoc for forecasters but all eyes are on the northeast this weekend .
just in time for sandy ! i'm sure they are thrilled .
sandy wreaks havoc across us northeast
stupidest idea let's run thru
getting out of class an hour early to vote !
happy election day . make sure your voice is heard . get out there and vote !
commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm sandy rip via
news u can use : commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm sandy r
the earth is ringing like a bell 1 st chile then nepal now mexico city
the inertia : 5 ways for anyone to support learn from nepal : many drops will fill up a bucket : to make myself
now this is a festival i'd want to go to new , diverse and interesting
are you planning to make it out to austin ? or are you planning a small tour for after the animal love album release ?
on that note , don't google ebola virus images .
a woman with deadly ebola virus escapes quarantine , now loose in a city of 1 million . someone shoot this loser .
(#diime_daniiel) doctor in liberia infected with ebola : an american doctor trying to quell th
(#team lil wayne ) doctor in liberia infected with ebola : an american doctor trying to quell the (#dmjeferson)
my thoughts and deepest feeling to all the people in paris , to my friends there and to the ones goneget back
why always paris ??thoughts with you all over there !
i apologise in advance for the massive amounts of posts coming your way over the next 3 weeks !
greece decided to tie it up !! looks like we got ourselves a game now !!
confirmed 7 simultaneous attacks in , short of 12 in 2008 but still largest in the west
insane news out of paris , three coordinated attacks , can't believe it .
^~^ handsonhands this nepal band uses music to heal earthquake scars seeks help |
handsonhands this nepal band uses music to heal earthquake scars seeks help : as the scale of devastation from
st . patty's day desserts galore ! :
party on or nothappy st . patrick's day
three generators and four cans of gas . somebody learned a lesson from sandy .
thanks to sandy it'll be two months that i'll have to have gone without seeing my boyfriend i would trade it for a full week of class
mr . president , you know , at some point you've played enough golf .
if this is true , all hell is going to break loose . explains the grand jury instead of just charging him .
nepal earthquake : maximum people from maharashtra are safe , says fadnavis zeenews
amidst all this , somewhere a sadness lingersi hope nepal and the others affected by the earthquake return to normalcy soon
i am shocked and saddened : justin trudeau offers support to france after paris attacks
retweeted eureka gangabada sri lankans who need assistance in paris after terrorist attacks
alex salmond speech coming up after scottish voters reject independence .
and my fellow scots have voted no to independence ! we shall proudly wear our kilts but forever we shall remain in a united uk .
bruce schneier : keep calm and carry on
prayers , faith , hope , love to boston from !
our beautiful st patrick's cupcakes !
never realized today was st . patrick's day ,,
hurricane monique i'd be so scared of that .
hurricane dq party while we are all home ????
my mom bro just got home from working in the sxsw event
style matters : birds to sell own products ; nudie jeans plans sxsw pop-up shop : this sketch journal allows you to
(#teambrianmundial) the latest on nepal : nepal urging foreign rescuers to leave : the lates (#teambrianmundial)
the latest on nepal : nepal urging foreign rescuers to leave : the latest on nepal : government ur
unbelievabl superbowl !! wel done giants ! manning or manningham for mvp for that amazing catch !!!
wepa !! we we wepa ! giants !!
hope you are safe , mike . i'm worried about sandy :|
hello molly . hope you're ok and safe from hurricane sandy .
09 est with a 7000 % spike in social activity . just like a prayer , she took us there . #
tiesto super bowl halftime show next year ?
after watching live whats happening in ottawa , i am worried for india if burdwans cottage industry mushrooms , where are we headed ?
rt this appears to be a well-organized attack . disturbing .#ottawashooting
be strong paris , you can get through this just stay strong
my thoughts are with people in paris ! can't believe it's happening again
sandy could be us's worst ever storm , but trajectory still uncertain : having devastated parts of
gaurdian : sandy could be us's worst ever storm , but trajectory still uncertain : having devastated parts of the c
watched kill at . gunna have to catch the show in sa . killa where are you performing ?
hey , so put together a playlist of some of our favorite music from 2012 . please to enjoy :
wow wouldn't wna be in the states right now ! this obama vs romney sounds .. bbm going off !
i hope obama slaughters romney tbh .
pets have needs too : nottinghamshire dog fundraising for people of nepal : as the full ext #9
nepal hospitals struggle to support earthquake survivors
nice to see all the england players singing the national anthem for a change
it pains me to say but i do prefer the french national anthem . far more rousing !
verizon store on rt 9 manalapan nj is letting public charge phones , laptops , use tablet to access internet . thx
donald trump is dick . give the 5 million to hurricane sandy victims !!!
our thoughts prayers go out to all those involved in the let's hope we wake up to some good news .#illridewithyou
off 2 bed . thoughts with . sending love positive energy ; hope i wake 2 good news . peace out my fellow humans
top of the morning and a happy st . patrick's day to you !
happy st patricks day molly :-)
great allegheny passage - hurricane sandy damage :
view of nyc noon isolated high up no elevator , elderly woman near difficulties next door
massive crowds descend on austin for sxsw interactive
waiting to see my first positive tweet that isn't about bbq or hanging out with people who live in the same city as you :p
at least 32 dead , 1,000 injured after another powerful earthquake hits nepal
omg !!!! again earthquake hits our country , nepal .
ocean city , md . (ap) -- ocean city , md . police : significant damage from to downtown pier at town's boardwalk .
: ocean city , md . police : significant damage from to downtown pier at town's boardwalk . via
if cristiano ronaldo cannot bring out his best game , the very best portugal can expect is a draw
yeah because ronaldo is better than messi
have a safe and a happy st patricks day .. get home safe with you and your car with
happy st . patrick's day !!! stop in and enjoy our st . patty's specials .
thank you , paris need flash now ..
i just heard about paris , what's wrong with the people ??
since when has st patricks day and st joseph's day become a competition . what if your both ?
i like , know what st . patrick's day is about but i don't like , know what st . patrick's day is about . i am half irish .
least mission girls will all be wearing green already for st . patricks day .
wtf it's saint patrick's day tomorrow
mom is without power , grandparents lost their house , hometown a wreck , places i hung out as a kid destroyed dad finally flying in
we got word today to pend requests from ubs /bank because they laid off 10,000 bankers and are being hit by
i personally believe that all schools should cancel classes for hurricane sandy .
hurricane sandy , come at me bro ! . don't want a flooded basement . sandy go back to play w ' spongebob in the ocean .
surely de jong or van bommel off ? strootman /van der vaart will be raring to go
fuck off redknapp ,you saggy faced cunt ,hodgson is in your seat mate .tax dodging wanker
you're like the wind , i'm like the rain , together we'll make a hurricane
sandy done already made her wet ---
the fugitive is my favorite st . patrick's day movie . bar none .
stop out today to celebrate st . patricks day ! reuben and turkey reuben's for lunch from 11 -1 and dinner from 4 -7. bar will be open all day !
the singer in gardens and villa does , in fact , have a quiver full of flutes . (h/t
busses packed for , and my head is surrounded by beautiful women :) omy to see braid with
news ea | liberia : eu scales up funding in response to ebola outbreak in west africa : [european commission ]bru
liberia : eu scales up funding in response to ebola outbreak in west .com
a warm happy st . patrick's day to all of our friends family
oh and happy st patricks day to everyone else too
defence minister says new comsat university in the works . photo : facebook lahore : federal minister for defence
why is the blood of westerners worth more than the blood by all other dying humans ? where is the humanity ?
still like to know where left found rent a tibetan monk store . makes it easier than have to pray all the time
it's time to this shit in could happen to any of us , anywhere .
happy st . patrick's day from our sun valley neighborhood !
happy st . patricks day from the riverside ymca !#ymcarvc
we'll be hosting our national day reception at the residence . happy st . patrick's day !
we hope you're enjoying the best of for today's show . happy st . patricks day
from the stands in havana , cuba , obama sent a powerful message about the attack in brussels .
police hunting for man seen on cctv after islamic state's attack on brussels .
i'm not giving you a choice , obama has to win
i really need obama to win and im not even from the usa
post-election self-care : a reminder of its benefits via
second cup of coffee . was totally worth it .
happy st .patricks day ! i only have a khaki jacket but yeah that's better than nothing
happy st patricks day ? or is it commiserations to all those slippery and slimy pagans that threw themselves off
i'm canadian an i want obama to win lol
omg !!!! mccaskill won !!!!!! woo !!! no akin !!!
i would like to congratulate mitt romney on being elected president ..of the confederacy .
obama won n onedirection is in the us good day for us americans
if obama lose my one point don't be the one wishing u voted get up and go vote
i can't vote but obama must win this he has plan romney don't
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/of4otxt8mc
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zivzhbvjfm
what a tragedy in boston . so sad .
our thoughts are with those affected by the tragedy at the boston marathon today .
my condolences to families who lost people today . freedom of speech will not be quailed by acts of barbarism insanity
the power of the pen . free speech will always win .
this year is the 100 th anniversary of women's right to vote in oregon . use it !
off to vote . everyone else should be too .
happy st . patrick's day tjf fan ! //t.co/tqlkhetwn9
happy st . patricks day ! *_* may the luck of the irish be with ya !
wow ! i just won this for free , diy st . patrick's day nail art makeup !
celebrating st . patrick's last night
one question re if intentional why knowingly leave a witness ?
there are people who live near protest zone , fearing violence and backlash from political ldrs , who wanted nat'l guard 8 dys ago
hope you all use your vote wisely today .
happy election day my fellow american friends ! . right there with you , voting in spirit !
happy st . patrick's day ! let's celebrate with the incomparable and the inimitable :)
aw niall happy st . patrick's day !
the real terrorist is someone calling for the bombing in europe and encourages him infront of the screens
baroness shift brussels show to netherlands after deadly blasts
poland 1 -1 greece . now the game is exciting .
poland 1 -1 greece , it really is game on in warsaw
it's here ! find out where to go and what to do with our county-wide map of events :
via it's here ! find out where to go and what to do with our county-wide map of events :
we're entitled to ask why a firmer grip wasn't applied to sydney siege gunman man haron mo
we're entitled to ask why a firmer grip wasn't applied to sydney siege gunman man haron monis | richard ackla
sending thoughts and prayers to sydney , australia !!!
lol , they'll do that once the cops over there let the sydney /other aussie press tell that info . the coverage i'm watching
we all need a story like this today . mt acts of kindness in :
editor's note : big divide postponed : due to breaking news about the bombing at the boston marathon ,
happy st . patrick's day from ! are you wearing your green today ?#stpatricksday
happy st . patricks day . don't touch me .
future and sandy need to work some out here
stay safe be careful . i'm praying for you
in light of the dire situation currently occurring in nepal , and so that we can show compassionate care to those
so many people in nepal were the unfortunate victims of the terrifying earthquake , i solely hope they rest in peace .
happy st . patrick's day ! hope everyone enjoys their day !
we found this on pinterest . happy st . patrick's day !
brussels attacks said to have fifth suspect , who may be at large : a man filmed by surveillance cameras in the
brussels attacks said to have fifth suspect , who may be at large
live drawing sxsw : qa with joss whedon
live drawing sxsw : q &a with joss whedon readwriteweb
what a great end to end game !!
poland and russia tied . such an exciting game
wait wasn't hurricane katrina a while ago .
david stern just said best wishes to the victims of hurricane katrina instead of sandy
were at sxsw sat thru monday ! come say hi at our panels : coppola vs kittens : & talent wars :
we're ready ! team : on the dirty bird 2
st . patrick's day is a weird holiday
google it ! happy st . patricks day !
farewell tx + sxsw . two storey bikes , ate half a cow , woke up spooning a brit radio host .
conquered by sxsw - the music recommendations - part one . so many great bands .
you know what i hate about soccer ? i watch for 45 minutes and not one goal . i go take a shower and now it's 1 -1.
easy come ..easy go . ita 1 esp 1
given the potential for severe weather from florida to maine due to hurricane sandy , we want to remind you that
ugh hurricane sandy is on its way here :(
i hope lagos sate and nigeria as a whole quarantine this ebola virus situation before it gets outta hand .
ebola virus now in lagos smh .. be careful people
rt if you're not celebrations st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day riverdance
if you want to help the sherpa's after the the juniper fund is the one to go to -
tries to clean up , his image with nepal blame !read:
great news from nycvert : every nyc borough has at least one 24 hr veterinary hospital ready for hurri
may even track directly over , pa i .e. tears 4 the crimes of pedophilia ?
is today st patrick's day or am i trippin ??
st patricks day , where someone (not me ) peed my bed
[new york times ] barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields [united states ]
barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields grim results : in locatio
the only green i support on st patricks day is the kind entering my lungs .
who knew ? st patrick wasn't even irish according to
peace thanks for orchestrating that moment of silence . s /o to for making space for that moment .
what about ? the are taking a moment of silence to recognize the events in
yowza ! happy st . patrick's day !#stpattysday
happy st . patrick's day . we'll get you sorted for more beer .
how bout sending prayers to the lives impacted by hurricane sandy not jokes
hurricane sandy : i will tear down as many power lines as you want if you leave my hair alone . respond
a dash doll died because of hurricane sandy that's so sad ! you won't be forgotten
i am super blessed , y'all . survived hurricane sandy with no outages , and got an awesome write-up in soul bounce !
i voted for obamaand u should to !
all you mfs on here talm bout and shit but you wack ass mfs prolly aint even gone go vote tama .!
happy st . patrick's day ! soooo awesome !
happy st . patricks day ! i promise the turn up will be legendary tonight !
international donors and aides please be careful and alert ..do not give money to the government of nepal ..it does not reach to the ppl
police warn of fake donor accounts for nepal
we are not okay , too much sandy . sandy took my wifi i have no internet this is a problem come fix it superhero
turn on the lights i'm looking for sandy too !
extraordinary report by one pilot 'locked out ' of plane's cockpit
pilot in crash was locked out of cockpit : new york times
seeing tweeting from reminds me that it's now over a year since i posted a still unresolved support query . :-/
sxsw starts today : check our our full coverage : by james mulcahytoday is the day when folks from all over the co
my heart goes out to hurricane sandy victims . your in my prayers
sorry for my previous tweets on it is a true storm ..wish you best of luck guys out there
i think all this hurricane sandy stuff is the beginning of the end of the world ..
my heart goes out to those affected by hurricane sandy
the irish can't attack cuz spain has a big bus parked in front of the goal
angela merkel thinks ireland will be back to work tomorrow !
thank you and for keeping me up to date on results !
22 hours later and florida still doesn't have it's fucking votes counted
happy st . patrick's day to all you lucky souls !
happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends . what a weekend you all had .
happy st . patrick swayze's day ! be safe out there !
happy st . patricks day i'm not irish but you can kiss me anyway
way to go for saying the wrong name of the hurricane . good thing you r retiring
planning on track . what a kick for a new ny'er to run the symbol of resilience sunday
bagsink .co rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/qq6jychh mtv
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/gh2f2cya
rough week , last week . rough wknd , this past wknd . rough these past few days . a vacation is long overdue .
one upshot of sandy : i think solmaz is now officially hooked on the wire cc
some girls think that ebola is a song like dorobucci , they now name themselves ebolasexy , ebolabeautyrotl #
may the lord be a mighty shield to you guys that need to use the public transport during this ebola scare period .
private jet crash landed today . no big surprise , it only had the right wing to begin with
i am going to give you such a pinch .
at last my photos from sligo st . patrick's day
happy st patricks day niall and everyone
can't give a man like jelavic a chance like that . he will always bury them .
you don't let jelavic have that chance in that area !
st patricks day had me like
had an awesome st . patrick's day with thanks for celebrating it with me :)
new post : ebola terror spreads with new victims
nigeria bans airline for flying in ebola victim from liberia .
i'm doing ok , this hurricane was rly bad tho . i still don't have any power -.-
to aid nyc hurricane relief , the yankees will donate $500k to red cross--the value of 2 a-rod 2012 hits . gee thanks
this'll be my first st .patrick's without corned beef cabbage
thank you dante for the follow . happy st . patrick's day !
it's a bagel for st . patricks day
wish i had beer to drink for st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from comp cams !
hahaha happy monday and st .patrick's day
last thought : events like show a need for good - more people taking photos and repo
mt events like show a need for good - more people taking photos and reporting is better
all 129 victims of the paris attacks have been identified , says french government : reports
breaking : french government says all 129 victims of the paris attacks have been identifie
lol ! where you find that cover ? in nepal ?
she's going to send it all to the children of nepal
happy st patrick's day ! :-) 911 getskinny
happy st . patrick's day ! make a wish !
great just meeting at the meebo party . gotta love networking at :-)
dyk ? sxsw interactive is testing ground for new coupon service
great day ! 1 ) my first day working for myself , 2 ) at , and 3 ) apple announcements from wwdc .
so excited waiting a crucial match france vs england . i support england
but seriously they didnt pick me i think it's because i like obama
anticipating for when they declare obama the winner .
hurricane sandy takes aim at new york ? if wasent in atlanta he could save the city ! just ask cancer patients and disabled kids !
lmfaoo dying at these hurricane sandy tweets hahah
via sons of alberta couple killed in nepal earthquake carry on parents ' legacy
deerfield native helps victims of nepal earthquake
just wrapped up 1 st hit on this morning live from ..coverage continues & we have story
just wrapped up 1 st hit on this morning live from ..coverage continues & we have stor via
nigeria : terror in nepal as 7.9 quake rocks capital : a powerful 7.9 magnitude earthquake struck nepal on satur
terror in nepal as 7.9 quake rocks capital : a powerful 7.9 magnitude earthquake struck nepal on saturday , caus
heading to jacksonville to watch the gators go up against the ga bulldogs and hurricane sandy . wish me luck ?
at least the skunk fiasco of 2012 is over now hurricane sandy
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vzu7f0o0b8
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/uiijvlx2us
anytime cuz you know i got you manbut yea i got a gift for u her name sandy nd she gonna fuck ur shit up
a list of web cams to monitor the arrival of prayers for everyone in this path
if birds of different species can co - habit , y can't humans do so , our humanity is going bizarre , god help gaza
where are the u .s. human rights ? where is the humanity ! where r their rights ?#gaza
the german engines are due service time
love him or hate him , balotelli is a quality player . what's the odds on him getting sent off second half ?!
but my question is what did *you* do patrick ?
celebrating st . patrick's day in hawaii today !
is your halloween party going to become a hurricane party !?
okay , when do i start freaking out b /c we live in zone a ? **ingfrankenstorm
paris you will rise from the ashes . i believe it from the bottom of my heart .
i dont know you or anyone in paris right now but be safe and look out for each other
why are people who aren't /weren't in nepal marking themselves safe after the earthquake ?!
pretty sure i just seen you in the pans so why are you marked safe in nepal ?
my heart goes out to all the people who where involved in . has been through so much .
hey now easy there i know sandy is freaking people out , but let's not get too crazy !
amarillo . the 806 beckons you . excited to be playing w / fellow az natives tonight on the way out to sxsw !
sxsw for work . i heard i will be seeing you this weekend after all ?
i'm really curious as to what america would be like under romney .
haha i swear man its not lookin that promising in the polls , but if ole boy romney doesnt get in the oval office , we're fucked
rt : a look at the numbers as west africa's ebola crisis spreads :
ebola crisis spreads | data dive (see+ on what :
hi far are you from the shelling ? how are you keeping safe ?
oh have you forgotten that allah have promised the muslims palestine .#gazaunderattack
hey at least obama can't ever be president again . thank the lord .
so , who is the president of the u .s right now ? still obama ?
my thought and my prayers go out to all in brussels
privacy is dead . when will political correctness die too ?#brussels
what is happening in paris is just horrifying .hearts are with everyone effected by the explosions
trump is right ! look at paris ! no refugees !!!!
too close for pepe , but the correct call from the linesman . ball didn't cross the line .
they really need to get goal line technology put in ..
breaking plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '
germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane ' chocking news
haha you are sleeping through england's first match ! its ok lovely , nothing is nice to do on a grim day like this :)
ben arfa getting a run out in for cabaye
ttw today's news : 8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says
8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , army says via
police storm sydney cafe , ending hostage situation via
this is how you do it ! police say there are fatalities after raid ends sydney hostage situation |
where are the big name politicians ? both parties should be ashamed of their silence about what's happening in .
i guess the mcdonalds now has a second drive thru .
:happy st patricks day from leixlip
but happy st patrick's day !also my birthday is in 3 days . just saying . ;)
:-( this is kinda superficial but sandy is still here so i can't download your song yet , can i still download it ?
, damn .. sandy is really blowing out there .
i think we're all having that problem !
i hate that i missed the matches just now . gonna make sure i dont repeat it tonight !
nigeria : west africa in crisis talks as ebola spreads : health ministers from across western africa gathered on
west africa in crisis talks as ebola spreads : health ministers from across western africa gathered on wednesda
i hope everyone survived st patrick's day . it looks like it is going to be a beautiful day !
afternoon ! hope you had a great st . patricks day ! did you have aforementioned picnic ?
happy st . patrick's day from all star burger !
happy st . patrick's day from the murphy's ! cheers !
happy st . patricks day !!! # drive in
alcohol and st patricks day . who's to join me ?
i am fired up for the euro 2012 !!! friday 2 games !
up for a early shift but who cares .. euros are here !!
this lady speaks of her difficult childhood as a leaving her country age 10
a failed asylum seeker isn't an asylum seeker ; they're an economic migrant .
pouring like crazy outside . no school tomorrow though . thanks for ruining my weekend plans hurricane sandy .
hurricane sandy ..they say is gonna be the perfect storm . hahaha :-)
sandy wont let me be great flight canceled already smh
just got power back from sandy , first thing i'm doing is downloading meek mill !
cnn headline news : volunteers pulled due to ebola threat
us news : volunteers pulled due to ebola threat : humanitarian agencies working in west africa
so glad that obama won again !
wow cant believe obama won , hate to see what america looks like in 4 more years !
it's st .patricks day how much more luck do you need ? lol
i just realized i'm sober on st patrick's day :p
i thought of you during sandy :)
coverage of hurricane sandy's aftermath continues all day -- listen to wtic am 1080 :
yoda is ready for st .patrick's day are you ?
a green family meal for st . patrick's day
you first non-look at the mass effect anime - topless robot : since sxsw outlawed music over a decade ago , the an
anime news you first non-look at the mass effect anime - topless robot : since sxsw outlawed music over a decade
paris , protest , and prohibition : or , what to do about this world of ours ?
can some one tell me what happened in paris i dont watch the news so tell me
the only solution of israel the bastards s jihad
| palestinians say death toll passes 70 as israel pounds gaza with air raids via
yeah , there's an earthquake that killed over 4,000 people in nepal . oh , and that game you wanted got canceled , bummer .
if you need logistics support to co-ordinate collection of necessities to donate to nepal reach out will help
targeting innocent children at a park .hard to put into words the sheer atrocity and senselessness . animals have better instincts
so many humans yet no humanity .
happy st patricks day at the soapworks
it's st . patrick's day , and we're thinking green !
pffffffffftit's done like dinner . u sound like my roomie (who ironically introduced me to your show ). chill .
the polls are closing in ca ! we love you
everyone make sure and vote tomorrow ! this is far too important !!
if and when obama gets elected , someone's still gonna have to replace him next 4 years and by then i'll be old enough to vote . i'm so scare
a very happy st . patrick's day to all of our irish friends here in south holland !
happy st . patricks day to our irish followers , here is our love for the irish
this is an outrage that we have school on st . patrick's day ..
happy st patrick's day ! are any celebrations in order ?
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/317eojvaoy
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cysu88cpv0
jonathan ferrel was gunned down for asking for directions . remember that .
the best lesson i have ever been tought . to understand being poor + having no rights is to be poor + have no rights good night
it was sad what had happened in boston
yeah , it's crazy how many innocent people die day by day but no one really cares . i mean , today is about boston , tomorrow +
sending prayers for everyone in hurricane sandy's path . stay safe , folks !
dear east coasters , stay safe out there
ikr ?! it just isn't fair -.- i hope hurricane sandy blows him over here . bahahahahahha xd
saw on that trade fair in queens will be open 24 hrs during . (locations)
american doctor with ebola described as 'strong individual ': dr . kent brantly is the first am
: american doctor with ebola described as 'strong individual ': dr . kent brantly is the first america
hurricane sandy from sunday till tuesday ..#crazy
praying for all those affected by hurricane sandy
washingtonpost just uploaded a video : washingtonpost has uploaded obama supporters
well done obama , happy for americans .
better get all your hurricane sandy jokes out of the way before people die . you don't want to look insensitive .
hoping all of our friends in the path of hurricane sandy stay safe , warm and dry . you are in our thoughts !
ok . obama's officially the us president for the next 4 years . now shut the hell up , please ?!
only thing i'm posting about the american election is why would anyone actually vote for romney i don't understand
happy st patricks day to people who are actually irish . not mocking it , but people who don't understand what it stands for do my head in .
but um yeah happy st . patrick's day . swag .
opinion : terror is not about lone wolves : friday's terror attacks in paris are as consequ
opinion : terror is not about lone wolves : friday's terror attacks in paris are as consequential as they a
obama won you guys well i knew last night i stayed up smh
thanks . we got obama . senate shifted left . only 2 seat pickup in house but we knocked off some religious
update : soldier shot is a reservist from hamilton with the argyll and sutherland highlanders of canada .
soldier shot in ottawa was an army reservist from the argyll and sutherland highlanders of canada . in hospital , status na . pray for him .
trovpicaluke : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
iinisrinanur : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
now he knows how to celebrate st . patricks day
they take st patrick's day too serious
bomb blasts horror strikes boston marathon in us
prayers and thoughts to all those affected by the the boston marathon bombings .
prayers for paris and the hostages at the eagles of death metal show . sickening .
you okay ???? just got the news about paris
that could not have been easy . hopefully no hostages or police were killed or seriously hurt
how would i know what ? so many have prayed all day . and yet two people are dead . the gunman was praying too . and he is dead .
i'm so sick of all these hipsters , except zooey deschanel . are you here ?
al gore to discuss new media with sean parker at sxsw interactive | eventsnetwork
occupy sandy relief nyc : ows helps victims of the superstorm : in the wake of devastation by superstorm sandy , o
this is the first i can remember not having halloween candy bought in advance . i blame the hurricane and my desire to not gain ten pounds .
happy st . patrick's day ! we agree with this one , do you ?
happy st . patrick's day quad !:)
see our staff's st . patrick's day picks here
massachusetts state police supt . timothy alben , contingent of state troopers , in ireland for st . patrick's day .
authors for nepal - a great cause looking for donations --
us sends $10 mn in nepal quake aid
advice needed : we are looking to connect with a paris org that will accept distribute letters of love hope to those in need of comfort .
you cannot fight hate with hate .
btw did u see what my dad commented on my fb post about obama .
i wonder what ppl gonna do if obama does good .?
the faces of bbc journalists on tv look rather depressed , an indication that yes vote won ? i think so : scotland is independent !
still waiting for first snarky tweet re : that's actually funny .
can swallow hurricane sandy whole
after seeing just one picture of an inlet in point pleasant , nj , sandy is going to be no fucking joke . safe wishes to my family on the shore
it maybe a cold overcast monday but at least it's st . patrick's day !
what you are seeing is a total disregard for what st . patrick's day stands for
when will start calling lost jobs from obama's fault ? tomorrow ? this afternoon ?
still pissed that abc showed . thought u yanks had dedicated news networks for that shiz ??
thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners rt please
via thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners : every year , before , during , and after south by sou
a soggy easter sunday but drier weather is coming
security forces round up 5,000 suspects in wake of easter sunday terror attack .
52 of 250 indians onboard iaf plane ready to takeoff any moment at kathmandu airport
looking to help the people of , pls consider a donation to caritas nepal is a great org
prob crow ur man up front for poland to score
poland or greece ? of course poland :d go poland !!!
make a donation to mt incredible before /after 1000 y /o temple destroyed
let's all take a moment to pray for the people of nepal where 4,600 lives have been lost
fuck the , look at all the homework i have to do today :(
let's hope that's the last time we ever see chris collinsworth salsa dance
thank u hurricane patricia for your leftovers
we at ready for you hurricane patricia !
the silent run begins to remember boston marathon bombing victims .
just sent in this photo of local runners doing a silent run after the boston marathon bombings :
breaking news : no explosive devices found in sydney cafe siege : australian - reuters : fox newsbreaking new
so sorry for the sydney hostages - horrific
incredibly thin pretext for massive police brutality has been found , basically .
video guy is no longer near the police line , he's recovering from the gassing and talking to a couple of other protestors .
cthpurpose : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
pricelesshes : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
st patricks day just reminds me i'm no longer a student and wont spend today getting shit faced :(
celebrate st . patrick's day with a downloadable from fancy nancy : just my luck !
celebrating my bday by watching the st .patricks day office episode
happy saint patricks day hahahah
glad people living in colchester are marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake . really was terrified for their safety
people please come and support our cause to support nepal .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sxkbsxebjj
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xni6cvshlt
nst news : charlie hebdo massacre : suspects rob petrol station : paris : french security forces desperately hunte
charlie hebdo massacre : suspects rob petrol station : paris : french security forces desperately
happy st patricks day from the er
happy st . patrick's day !*wears all black *
happy st patrick's day ! there's no better way to celebrate than with a curry and a pint at our place .
thank you moo . happy st patrick's day to you .
bagpipes , flags and candy at the st . patrick's day parade in fargo .
just found a bro passed out in the stairwell of my apartment . it's 2 p .m. happy st . patrick's day !
i hope the end of the world not really happen this year . sandy hurricane so freaking make me scared !!!
sandy's financial impact could reach $20 billion : capital economics : hurricane sandy swept through 12 u .s. state
for those of you that know , was one of the few american bands playing in paris during the attacks . they're family-connected to me .
the fact that anyone would try to detract from paris after that many people died is disgusting
seriously americans , what the fuck is going on in ?!
what is happening in is totally fucking ridiculous . the feds need to step in and take control of the situation .
lol my family wants to go climb old rag today and this hurricane thing is bouta hit us , this is the greatest idea of all time
stay dry and eat an extra meal east coast !
disgusting scene in george square .. quite the opposite of positive yes
how is it shameful to disagree ? the only shame is in being a sore loser
vero chicky roxy want to wish you all a very happy st patrick day
happy st patrick's day - here are the coolest new bands from ireland , from to
i've always loved shooting in paris .its beauty dramaticness just envelops you
woke up to the terror attacks in paris . as a child , i would have never believed terrorists can attack france .
3 /3 whatever the future , tonight i am reminded that democracy is a beautiful thing
hope scotland are still with us when i wake up !!
new york city wakes up to fires and flooding .
you can see sandy in all its glory on the hairy wind map
forgot it was st patrick's day . i could count with one hand how many people i saw wearing green
happy st . patrick's day !! chicago river dyed green !
happy st . patrick's day ! even our birds are celebrating !
we really are seeing green today ! happy st . patrick's day and thank you again . :-) ^mk
happy st . patrick's day . ireland this holiday b |
happy st . patricks day ! i'm irish .. only a little but i like to pretend that i am a lot ! :)
ctfu rt hurricane sandy , do me a favor . when you slide threw , take mitt romney nut ass with you
coverage is streaming live on damn u made it girl lol
dear assholes holding innocent civilians hostage in sydney , you are not progressing your 'cause', you are painting a bullseye on your heads
take your head out of your ass and go put it back in the sand .
toll in climbs past 7,000 (the philippine star , may 3 2015 ): [source: phil
fun f fundraiser for nepal tomorrow . dress up donate if you can to support those affected by this awful tragedy .
hear from about obama , sandy and life in america - live at 1945 tonight on - listen live at
i need to find a way to get an obama shirt today
no , i haven't been to nepal . so sad what has happened there .
there are too many aftershocks in nepal . omg !!!
after ! gone green for bod and st patrick !! ;-)
mlas joyce treen and wearing lots of green for the st patrick's day parade today
apparently that canadian soldier that was shot has died in ottawa .
today , my thoughts are focused on the soldier (s), ops , 1 st responders , rcmp everyone in ottawa . thank you plse stay safe
i guess you can say it's st patricks day
still up did nothing for st . patrick's day ugh
wishing one and all a very happy st . patrick's day .
it's monday , it's snowing again . at least it's st . patrick's day ? new post -
germany are looking so good , expected more from holland
via pepe terpilih sebagai 'man of the match ' denmark 2 -3 portugal
i rly hope paris is okay ))):
i am feeling the grief about the murders violence in paris . praying constantly .
praying for all of those preparing for sandy .
: let us pray for the east coast and everyone in sandy's path -- storm gains strength as it churns north
it's a knee slapper ! nyuck nyuck nyuck -__- i just made romney noodles . obama self .
if romney wins my grandma is going to be deported . -_-
voice your views live on on breakfast edition with and everyday at 8 :30am ist on
voice your views live on on breakfast edition with and everyday at 8 :30am i
i don't care about st . patricks day and what you're doing for it
did you know the city's st . patrick's day parade is the oldest parade in the nation ? the parade rolls tomorrow !
wish i had a cute st . patrick's day outfit
03 /17/14 st . patrick's day - starts 12 :00 am at ,
groysman says european union won't forget ukraine after tragic events in paris - kyiv post
european union backs french military aid after paris attacks - firstpost
electoral vote count stands at 82 for romney and 64 for obama
who is gary johnson ? did i miss something ?
thank you for sharing , happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day ! take a snow day !
you know it's bad when the president is in your hometown and you can't even get in !
sandy 'won't help ' property-casualty market , brokers say : albany , new york-area businesses
did you really just say hurricane katrina ? only in the
it's cause he said hurricane katrina .
(#teambrianmundial) germanwings crash : 3 possible reasons the plane went down : the officia (#teambrianmundial)
germanwings crash : 3 possible reasons the plane went down : the official cause of the crash is
tomorrow there will be a st patricks day surprise for you :) enjoy a pic now form last year see you tomorrow ;0 xxo
happy download our and enjoy this evening with your friends !!
happy john white day . also known as st patricks day
happy st patricks day . let's cast out some pagans !
on behalf of the rest of the world who can't vote in (but will be affected by the outcome all the same ): htt
message from a teacher of kids to chris crocker !!!! must watch this !!! r : rt
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented e
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unp
breaking news : romney just called obama to concede .
perhaps time to get off . i heard that romney just called obama to concede !
thought st patrick's day was on saturday and the parade was just tomorrow
6 th grad st . patrick day was poppin
search to reach nepal earthquake survivors resumes : rescuers try to reach remote mountain communiti
: search to reach nepal earthquake survivors resumes : rescuers try to reach remote mount via
happy st . patricks ' day - we hope you have fun but please enjoy the day responsibly .
happy st . patrick's day ! / 1 month until my birthday .
[campaign] : watch them all here
just watched the half time performance . : i love you .
emma_paterson 2 : death toll from nepal earthquake surpasses 2,200
77 lyn : death toll from nepal earthquake surpasses 2,200
naija's no1 pidgin english blog : anonymous declares war on isis after paris attacks :
why paris isis attacked ? isis france why : via
whether people say that by monday , we should be feeling the brunt of the storm . where exactly is the brunt located ?
the name you'll be saying all weekend long
really don't like the idea of labour losing such a chunk of its electorate . for selfish reasons obviously .
relentlessly negative no voters here at work . feeling oppressed ha ha . will be better later .
okay so it's st patrick's day and this is ireland so like do u think i could acquire some alcohol and get drunk and fall into the ocean ??
i wonder , do folks from ireland come to new york to mark st .patricks' day and march in our parade rather than in ireland ?
2015 when an historic agreement isn't enough
what a grand wee boy via
good luck in mexico get better soon at least it was downgraded to tropical storm
hurricane patricia sending record rain , mass flooding to parts of texas
i feel the same way so i tend to limit my conversing to strictly like minds to avoid irritation over the whole ordeal
so many of us stand with the family of michael brown
happy st . patrick's day , hi fi fans ! we hope you had a great weekend !
happy st patricks day-hope next year's parade in ny will include everyone
1 -169th gsab supports hurricane disaster responsetwenty national guardsmen from hunter army airfield
i hate having to do homework during a hurricane
hurricane freaking sandy coming for the east coast . greeeaatttt , what a nice time to be in maine .
dear jps , could we please have our electricity back in my neck of the woods ? best regards , disgruntled customer .
good morning . prayers for boston and japan .
absolutely heartbreaking to hear about the bombings in boston .
happy st patricks day , darryl .
finally starts your st . patrick's day :)
typhoon hagupit tears its way through central philippines
typhoon hagupit tears its way through central philippines - irish times
im done with following hurricane sandy
off to receive calls from hurricane victims
laurence llewelyn bowen and andrea pirlo are the same person !!!!
every italian player singing their national anthem . not one spanish player singing theirs .
these rednecks cant hold obama back !
my boo obama made it happen once again
i would love to go all out for st . patricks day , but who owns green
an early happy st patrick's day .
latest : insane video shows pilots flying in the eye of monstrous hurricane patricia
enjoy insane video shows pilots flying in the eye of monstrous great
all this st patrick day food .. yuck
have a st . patrick's day everybody !!!!!
this hurricane needs to start tomorrow for frederick . i'm not tryna get stuck with this crazy lady . rather be with my fave client on monday
s /o to hurricane sandy for reuniting me and
happy st . patrick's day (round two !)
it's st . patrick's day or something .
cardinal hayes and power memorial alums march in today's 5 th avenue st . patrick's day parade -
this st patricks day here = shamrock shakes , the end . can we bring the holidays down a notch ? via
ah , where would we be without the storied tradition of seeing cr7 cry following portugal's exit from a major tournament ?
hahahahaha . all the portugese fans rage-quit faggots deleting me on facebook . claiming they're still better than spain lol .
for many families this morning came with an horrifying night
just in the past few weeks : brussels , ankara , ivory coast , nigeria , baghdad , lahore , countless more
seeing as today is st patrick's day , did you celebrate this past weekend ?according to
would you have worn this on st . patrick's day ?
please don't forget about president obama . why can't he take the time to show up in . he could stop this asap .
they're making me furious lumping anarchists in with protesters .
anything goes on st . patrick's day !stay safe and have some fun !! frances roberts salon spa insurance
photo mondays : dublin , irelandhappy st . patricks day !
we will officially never see campaign obama again .
good luck to obama , think he's a genuine guy !
small flock , big social reach : the first 48 hours of sxsw on twitter (social media today - 112 retweets )
lmao i kno what u mean , ur friends aint tryin to go out to sxsw ?
celebrated st patrick's day by wearing green to the office . my director asked if i was dressed as one of the merry men .
this could be you !,..but chu celebratin st . patrick's day !,.and don't know yo history !,..
dean ( )will be looking for your tweets before ,during after ! you'd have to be a mug to miss it !
tomorrow begins , but most importantly , tomorrow there is a match between and . screw euro ..
flooded 4 -8 feet in nyc . 50 homes destroyed , a blackout , and 17 lives takennot the kind of storm that will put you to sleep .
snow and a hurricane sandy fucking up everything
oye sir-ji still no visa for you :)
pleasure ! over 11,000 ppl stayed in 258 shelters , last night . visit to help
who was andreas lubitz , the germanwings co-pilot who deliberately crashed - bustle
; germanwings germanwings co-pilot deliberately crashed airbus jet
evacuated huntington residents back home after sandy
chamakh scoring a brace is the main reason for hurricane sandy .
my heart is so heavy . we are losing too many of ours
where was the press in that conference ? they were content watching the circus instead of asking real questions .
i know theres a paris situation going on right now , but 11 /14/97 will always be one of the days i never forget
my heart goes out to every one in paris .!!so sad to hear about the violant attack on innocent people of paris .
if 420 had a sibling it would be st . patrick's day
shrine of st patrick's bell in nice viking art influences in figure-of -8 urnes ornament .
hours before the terror attacks , paris practiced 4 a mass shooting where is a military drill , expect death !
from beirut to paris : who do we grieve and why ?
when banks and businesses threaten you scream back you will never buy a scots vote you need us we don't need you
yes supporters being turned away from the great british break up ?
bless people , praying for boston .. where's your prayer everyday for palestine , syria , iraq , afghanistan ..
i would say pray for boston but uh i don't pray .
come on sandy , i had a flight to catch .
we're ready for you sandy haha
ebola is tearing west africa apart !
g + the growth of the number of cases of ebola in west africa is exponentialebolagraph
i can't hear the name hurricane sandy without thinking of sandy cheeks from spongebob
view from back deck . here comes sandy !
nalee and francis want to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day ..nalee2010.com
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i hope you get kissed today , even if you're not irish
4 key things you need to know about the paris attackers
paris siege forestalled another attack , say french police
i feel sick to my stomach by some people and it's not got to do with anything going on sydney right now .
nsw police commissioner andrew scipione urges community to remain calm and refrain from retaliation against muslim-australians .
its a wonder how 6 players are in the squad . while some are deserving , some clearly aren't .
where's chris smalling in all of this is he injured or something
it's so weird looking at photos of the destruction caused by sandy because those are our places
anyone else have a case of storm shits ?
a first-timers ' guide to sxsw : south by southwest interactive , the austin technology festival that last ye
tech update ! a first-timers ' guide to sxsw : south by southwest interactive , the austin technolo retweet it
journalists covering obama at his hq got access for free . journalists covering romney at his hq paid between $75 and $
i hope that those people who got all their news from fox and sincerely expected a romney landslide realize now how badly they were misled .
congrats barack obama !! now let's get to work !
song told us that he was glad obama won because he likes the shape of obama's face and because obama looks like coach o
bbc uk : hurricane disrupts uk passengers : thousands of passengers face disruption with the cancellation of fligh
breaking news : hurricane disrupts uk passengers : thousands of passengers face disruption with the cancellation o
we say st . patty's day ?? i never knew that i always say st . patricks day
st . patrick's is the 17 th , not the 16 th you can still recover :d
details emerge on some of the of attacks - nov 14 pm et
what them checks read ! i feel should let us red white blue our pics to respect honor thee lives lost in also
wow gotye kimbra's song is playing at final !
s /o to spain they done the damn thing ! well played .
don't understand st .patricks day , it's just pointless
right now , davey plays two own works with for st patrick's day in
wait i didnt even know its st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/thknoz8gnd
mr obama all the way . mitt romney is just too fake
i think obama and romney should dance battle winner takes all ! :)
the latest on nepal : 51 bodies recovered on trekking route : the latest on nepal : 51 bodies , 6 of them
the latest on nepal : 51 bodies recovered on trekking route - washington post : financial expressthe latest on n
actually he also won the popular vote by over 2.5 million . obama won . period .
obama is gone get some pussy tonight
in sierra leone , chief ebola doctor is infected amid world's deadliest outbreak to date .
terrible news | sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus via
they just said that the spirits chose obama !!!!!
if you vote for obama in texas there is absolutely no point because tx is a republican state , and romney will win the 38 elec
. : quebec and ontario eager to join federal partners in at
like the french i will give up my privacy for safety ; the gov can monitor every text and every phone call i make !
be safe everyone and have a happy st . patrick's day !
my date to st patricks day !
where the hell is this hurricane school better still be closed when i wake up
hide ur kids , hide ur wife ! hurricane sandy is coming !
sierra leone launches hunt for ebola patient forcibly removed from hospital by relatives
leone : launches hunt for ebola patient forcibly removed from hospital by relatives
happy st patricks day my lovely leprechaun lolololol
happy st . patricks day to my lovely i love you and miss you
health note : outbreak 2014.07 .01 - ebola zombie apocalypse is nigh
health note : outbreak 2014.07 .01 - ebola options running out - containment protocols being elevated to who may
asian shares warm to obama re-election
ha romney gave a pre-victory speech bahahaha
rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . it champagneak
[ ] rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infec [ ]
why is this crowd whistling so much ?
my favourite ever german player is still kuntz . he was old school . .
oh shit i just realized that it's st patrick's day
st . patrick's day facebook exclusive ! on
udu joe sandy tapi joe sono
sandy come to california we thirsty for some rain gurl .
fuck the obama !!! mitt romney is da real !!!
obama will be president and i'm in london and can watch downton abbey and will see skyfall tonight ! yay all the things !
my reaction to obama's win last night .
obama won . this is all i need to know , now tell me some other news
hurricane sandy got my test pushed back to next tuesday thanks girl
ppl r already freaking out about the hurricane here
happy st patricks day from the shortest leprechauns !
just a little different than last year's st patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day to the irish part of yourself !
happy st patrick's day to irish gin drinkers everywhere !
world news : nepal earthquake : what is being done to help victims and what happens next ? - world news get
learn how to help nepal earthquake victims using your computer
happy st . patrick's day everyone !! we are open today 10 am - 6 pm :)
we are lucky to work with incredible organizations ! happy st . patrick's day !
sorry , i just read this so now you have to also . like i was saying earlier about our new rat crisis :
i wish everyone got blown away in sandy tbh like fuck off
these people celebrating st . patrick's day are out of control .
celebrating st . patricks day with irish coffee
happy st patricks day twitterati !
happy st patricks day guyshope you all have a good one x
a vote for obama is a vote for al sharpton *throwing up now *
i side 86 % with mitt romney this shouldn't surprise anyone
it completely didn't register with me that today is st patrick's day oops
always a daddy's girl , . but i'm feeling a little today . happy st patrick's day !
mr obama support you all vote for only obama
--i am voting for the american romney in daytona-i have had it with the anti american muslim obama and his lying-murder and mayhem
digicel staff volunteers packing the relief packs to be delivered today to the communities affected by hurricane sa
105.9 seaside-fm - how's sandy doing .take a look at a live web cam -
sorry nepal you a didn't deserve that
cnn : huge earthquake strikes nepal
bbc news uk sydney gunman was 'wanted in iran ': iran says it requested 14 years ago the extradition of haron m
sydney gunman was 'wanted in iran ': iran says it requested 14 years ago the extradition
hurricanes news - how hurricane sandy could affect the election - washington post (blog) -
hurricanes news - hurricane sandy eyes coast - wall street journal -
u2 +planning+all-star+concert+to+benefit+victims+of+paris+terrorist+attacks via hollywoodlife
paris under siege : the strategy and tactics of 13 /11: paris under siege : the strategy and tactic via
and ofcourse the giants won . can't have it any other way . :)
giants beating patriots is a metaphor for how america works .
happy st patricks day to all our customers have a great day
happy st patricks day john and edward !!! have a great day cuties ! :) xxx
it's friday ! on the east coast we've survived a hurricane while our brittish colleagues are mentoring designers :
told ya ! sandy proved wfh is not only do-able but preferable
happy st . patrick's day . have a pretzel .
no islainte /i from guinness this st . patrick's day via
from our friends : in china , the most censored day of the year
armed man ran through white house
mayor says nyc marathon to go on in wake of via
how will sandy affect insurance rates .we find out at 745
i don't like nolan and victoria's moment about patrick on
way to go !!! pulls out of over ban on
charles woodson will donate 100 k to red cross to assist families impacted by hurricane sandy .
just seeing the news of hurricane sandy , makes me sad /:
|| egyptair hijacker flashes victory sign as he heads to jail for 8 days via
egyptair hijacker flashes victory sign as he heads to jail for 8 days : the egyptair hijac via
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! it's a great day for the irish !
just realize i'm not wearing greendon't pinch me , please !!
the fact that hurricane sandy got a twitter ..
leave it to shurmur to call a quadruple reverse in the middle of a hurricane
thanks to adam starks i am voting for willard m . romney . thanks for showing me the light iron man . let's bring this country back . lol
if my potna voted for romney i would have to whoop bra ass
97 k calls the night before the to . best . team . ever .
i can't wait to go out and vote !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
genuine w , a fire alarm went off at one of the counts , what if al the vote burn ?
reports of a fire alarm evacuation at the count .
paris attacks : what we know so farary
paris attacks : what we know so far ary
no , but rest assured juve is involved somehow ! lol .
anyone really give a flying fuck about poland v greece ? both shit teams
people would take storms more seriously if we named them after supervillians . who wouldn't run from hurricane galactus
lol hurricane sandy bro gotta milk it as long as i can
banks offer loans , credit limit hikes to sandy victims : in the wake of superstorm sandy , banks
banks offer loans , credit limit hikes to sandy victims : in the wake of superstorm sandy , banks are katrina cole
huffingtonpost news hurricane relief : staten island , queens and west village residents feel neglected in sandy's
hurricane relief : staten island , queens and west village residents feel neglected in sandy's wake : new york -- the mother grabbed her
vote for , because i don't think i could deal with yet another us presidents voice on the opening credits of .
a factbox for those nervously watching the us election from afar : and on foreign policy
why are people marking themselves safe on facebook for the nepal earthquake please . you are in wales . half way across the world .
nepal earthquake : rescue to resume after latest deadly tremor - bbc news : bbc newsnepal earthquake : rescue to
money : the key to nepal's economy is water : some countries are endowed with vast oil supplies , while other
the key to nepal's economy is water : some countries are endowed with vast oil supplies , while ot
this is the strongest hurricane of the order isasecond longer after hurricane patricia awful and hit yemen and other
lessons learned by hurricane patricia - vallarta daily
my thoughts lay with the family's and unfortunate off people who lost their lives in a shameful attack this evening in paris
i can't believe the world we live in sometimes , please everyone in paris try to stay safe , and know my thoughts are with you
so romney had prepared only a victory speech !
poor romney only prepared a victory speech
bbc play warsaw by joy division at end of poland v greece . good times .
ft : first match poland vs greece 1 -1 .
is there a press conference going on ? if so , can someone give me the link to watch it
autopsy : michael brown shot at least six times in , mo .
ronaldo doesn't care about his team just himself
netherlands need to win ! if you asked anyone at the start of , they'd never tell you they'd be on 0 points after denmark
as sandy leaves ct , the clean up is just beginning . palco construction is by your side for any tree clean up or
is a lot like hurricane sandy . they're both heading to the jersey shore with intentions to blow everyone within a 50 mile radius .
must pple ere r crazy see prayers for paris sad mehn pple r dying everydai in ur own country frm bh instead u will ignore and talk abt nudes
refuse to tweet pray for paris when it's religion that's got us here in the first place , my thoughts go out to those poor people .
nepal villagers jam small himalayan town , demanding more help after major earthquake : thousand
photo : no sign of missing us aid helicopter after second nepal quake nepal earthquake :
oops ! yesterday , as sandy was happening , we had three breaking stories . today , none !
stupid now got moved to friday .
americans believe in hard work , family values personal responsibility . these values are challenged by obama policies !!
what happens if obama don't win y'all gonna stop living ? or push your limits
lots of good info on on cleaning up after a flood . good advice for and all floods :
hurricane sandy damage photos : superstorm's 'unthinkable' aftermath revealed (pictures): hurricane sandy ravag
it's 7 am ! happy st . patrick's day ! we're open !
happy st . patrick's day and evacuation day !
that would be great if they had them located in the back of cruisers also !#ferguson
lin-manuel miranda uses musicals to comment on events in fer
i want a goal in the 2 nd half
2 nd half about to get underway
cnn money news - obama-romney on taxes : how much should the rich pay ?
obama-romney on taxes : how much should the rich pay ?: read full story for latest details . cc
this is like if had harry potter and hogwarts destroyed by a us missile
scotland's totals after 29 /32 declarations (6:04 am in scotland ): yes 1,398,540 (44.6%)no 1,737,464 (55.4%)
so this donny hijacked a plane just to drop his bae a letter
egyptair hijacked plane : suspected arrested after being branded an 'idiot' by egyptian minister - telegraph
obama has so much respect and love for his wife . take notes on what real love looks like ..
thank you to all the volunteers . the best in the history of politics - president obama
to all the withered souls of paris . let's recognize terrorism as the highest form of cowardice .
welcome back bae , how are you doing today after the paris fiasco ?
that new south park episode that is coming out tonight about obama winning the election is going to be funny as shit
she plots her revenge on obama
happy st patricks day to all friends , wherever you may be .x
happy st . patrick's day . i'll be at work all day . so there's that .
happy st . patrick's day everybody ! enjoy it while you remember everything now lol
happy st patrick's day people 3 so many selfies ;-)
contrary to popular belief , unhcr estimates over 3 /4 of the 4 million from are women children -
7 tx cities put on isis kill list march 2015 abilene , new braunfels , san antonio , wyle , bedford , killeen , and fort hood ?
happy st . patrick's day to my favotite irish love you . and drink little :) jajaja
so , was st patrick a raging alcoholic then ?
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/k95qwwzv63
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m35qa4jdet
fantastic goal by the , really hope they come back and win .
come on ireland ! if you win your top of group c !!
ebola god protect us all
they should nuke these countries with ebola , i don't want my organs turning to liquid and pouring out my bum bum .
reports suggest terrorists holding 100 people hostage at bataclan concert hall in paris
reports that 100 hostages are being held inside a concert hall in paris
just take a minute to think about all the great things obama has done i couldn't think of anything either
vote the whole ticket people ! get people in there that will help him ! this is what's needed ! obama
live news chat : jerice hunter trial day 2 w / , germanwings crash : co-pilot had az connection
suicide in focus after germanwings pilot brings down jet via
we vote tomorrow . obama is ahead , but romney is very close behind .
i would like to present to you obama's future memoir
two bizarre croatian goals which almost happened in slow motion
that was soo obvious croatia been dying to get a goal for the past few mins 2 -1
feeling very lucky today ! happy st . patrick's day from zta !
happy fans , with a touch of green for st . patrick's day !
irregular times coverage of corporation's new dvss (digital voter suppression system ):
what time you heading out ?
if romney win , y'all ass ain't goin no further than y'all grandma house ..stop it !
everyone who ends up superhappy about obama's reelection , remember who to thank : the republican party , for picking the worst candidate ever .
i know it's not st patrick's day but this is good any time , especially on a sunny dunedin afternoon .
it ain't st . patrick's day without a little flogging molly .
that is why joe hart is one of the best goal keepers in the world .
joe hart best keeper at the tournament
so on the school run this morning and the squirt has asked me , if we leave the eu do we have to leave house
where's the mention of the terror incident at schipol yesterday ? trying to cover up negative news ? to be safe .
happy st .patrick's day ! may the luck of the be ever in your favor . ;)
happy st patricks day .. here is our favourite bit of green !
see how hurricane sandy damaged ny .
hello all ! due to hurricane sandy we are currently closed but we will let you know as soon as we are open ! we are
correction lynn tory - is lying . i am not pro
tory - is lying . i am not pro
failure of our justice system why was he given bail ?
our hearts go out to all involved in the tragedy of martin place .#illridewithyou
danny mccoy re : a brexit or uk departure would be a blow to irish recovery ..significant uncertainty would follow
respected tech analyst martin hingley suggests better to for uk tech industry - via
i find it absolutely stunning that the netherlands are looking at another early exit
in a squad of 25 players , only 9 in the german team were actually born in germany surely that can't be right .
my thoughts and prayers go out to the boston bombing survivorsmy prayers are with all of youmay god walk with
the helpers . us navy eod sent to investigate and help the aftermath of boston marathon terrorist attack
looking forward to st . patrick's day tomorrow . we've decorated the kitchen
hope you are both getting on ok , how exciting , 2 babies on the way :-) st . patricks day babies ! :)
germanwings co-pilot treated in past for suicidal tendencies
officials say germanwings co-pilot received past treatment for suicidal tendencies
happy st patrick's day , have a good one :) xx
happy st patricks day baby ! i wish i was in ireland right now ! xx
amazing reporting by :long before brussels , isis sent terror operatives to europe
a must-read on the inner workings of isis : long before brussels , isis sent terror operatives to europe
i mean if obama upsets , king o is behind
woulda been nice after 2 nd debate - what president obama really said in that '60 minutes ' interview about benghazi -
: '#obama is actually going to errr .. like send our jobs .. to the .. err .. moon '
i'm leaving america if romney wins
charlie hebdo : new paris shooting as police deal with double hostage situation - yahoo news uk
via french google fund to pay for 1 million print run of charlie hebdo next week
thinking about vlogging during the hurricane ? hahaha our school's cancelled for monday and tuesday at least ! should be interesting !
hurricane sandy seems to be the cause of many cancelled shows tonight ..has it affected your plans ?
thinking another concert . it was us band eagles of death meta
paris ! we are always with you and our prayers will always with you
happy st . patrick's day gaians ! stop by gaia , hang out , and have some fun ! luck of the gairish to you all !
i don't do st patricks day because i'm not irish come on now .
is tonight . pretty damn excited for it . gonna be awwwweessommmee
with ripping already . gonna be a long day open
nepal aftershock death toll raised to 65 as troops hunt missing us aircraft - los angeles times : los angeles t
breaking : nepal aftershock death toll raised to 65 as troops hunt missing us aircraft - los
thanks to hurricane sandy there will be mad baby showers from may 15 -june 22 mad babies born from july 20 - august 15
so yeah twitter consists of yl and hurricane sandy .
great game . great win well deserved
great game even though we didn't win
hurricane patricia strongest ever to hit pacific ; 'catastrophic' damage possible in mexico : ed adamczyk ,
hurricane patricia strongest ever to hit pacific ; 'catastrophic' damage possible in mexico : ed a
here's a friendly reminder . just in case . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks day to our irish supporters and players :)
nepal's future in face of injured 10 -year-old: maya gurung is only 10, but she's savvy enough
nepal's future in face of injured 10 -year-old: maya gurung is only 10, but she's savvy enough to realize her l
rush : obama's re-election is rewarding failure and mediocrity .
why people so mad that obama won ?? i'm confused
just don't get why they would have school on st patricks day
before you celebrate st . patrick's day , see how they do it in asia ! the luck of the irish - in hong kong ?
is just average tonight against . practically non existent .
why is itv covering the final ..only a fool will choose it over bbc ..#euro2012
who's having a happy st . patrick's day ? are you indulging in a green inspired menu for dinner ?
st . patricks day ?oh you mean niall horan awareness day
doctor leading ebola fight gets infected : the head doctor fighting the deadly tropical virus ebola in sierra l
g + the head doctor fighting the deadly tropical virus ebola in sierra leone has himself caught the disease
bre's taste in music hurricane sandy
i liked a video our hurricane sandy relief effort -- apparel by karma
anyone receiving some form of govt assistance should not be complaining obama was reelected .
much like obama the blt is back folks
i'm irish . and my middle name is patrick .
happy st . patricks day ! way to represent the east bay on ai miss seeing you on there !
we have best mayor . thank you for your heroic efforts to protect new yorkers during
hurricane sandy aftermath - we can rebuild !
very good to hear you are spared . hope all will be well in paris soon
following paris terror attacks , only three things are guaranteed : these three things are going to happen follo
on paris attacks , root causes of terrorism and what we can do about it
was wondering when this might happen . unfortunate coincidence .
[guardian science ] the 20 photographs of the week - unrest in burundi , the nepal earthquake aftermath , rihanna at
the 20 photographs of the week : unrest in burundi , the nepal earthquake aftermath , rihanna at the -sanjayator.
st . patricks day cheers tweeps !may the road rise up to meet you and the wind be at your back !cheers!
the departed on st . patrick's day then boondock saint's
did you know the mega storm sandy is a global warming hoax ? climate change : 'hoax' or crime of the century ? - forbes
hurricane sandy climate change by and prof . john knox of u . georgia
fears as man falls ill with ebola-like symptoms in lagos - vanguard news
fears as man falls ill with ebola-like symptoms in lagos vi
my big bros for bringing me and out on stage last night thrashe
better questionhow many of you performed at sxsw and had merchandise or professional cds with you ?
hurricane sandy - lol what a name for a hurricane hahaha
hurricane sandy lol i'm still having fun
empty vacuous news coverage of sydney shows peril of instant news cycle .
lessons for sf , nsg ' sag in sydney breach , hope can read writing on the wall with ips babu . we have to learn to fight .
hijacking of egyptair flight doesn't appear to be terror related : the plane was diverted while flying fr (npr)
hijacking of egyptair flight doesn't appear to be terror related : the plane was di
czechs are looking very ropey , england may not be the worst team after all
russia look as good as i thought they would be . czechs are in serious trouble here .
happy st patrick's day mildura !
yeah , it's not like patrick tried to kill nolan or anything .
sandy will cost new york billions of dollars
sandy will cost new york billions of dollars : it could take a while before the final cost of superstorm sandy on
obama gon take this win tomorrow !
if romney wins , i'm taking the next flight to amsterdam .
confirmed : french prosecutors say mastermind was killed in police raid on wednesday .
french prosecutor says mastermind of paris attacks is dead . coverage on fox providence .
gunman had hired someone to kill his ex wife
relieved that the is over but so very sad that this terrible situation took place . my thoughts are with those affected .
unbelievable . mt germanwings co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies for years before becoming pilot :
more : germanwings co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies even before he became a pilot . read the story here :
fr who reports 50 new ebola cases and 25 deaths in west africa : fifty new cases of ebola and
fifty new ebola cases and 25 deaths in west africa - who - gma news : fifty new ebola cases and 25 deaths in we
i'm voting for obama voting for at the s
obama's woman in tehran who is running the country if jarrett is in iran obama's campaign
nurses first responders are the heroes of sandy . prayers as well to those now picking up the pieces of thi
maze imagine i experienced bado am here n to be honest sijui narudi 254 when . u guys ok , naona east coast affected badly
u .s. government weather agency has warned that hurricane sandy may be upgraded to british summer class
more mind-blowing photography , this time in bellport , ny :
sydney siege press conference : police say attack was an 'isolated incident ': police confirm that a gunman and two hostages have been
sydney siege press conference : police say attack was an 'isolated incident ': police confirm that a gunman and
game that would be excitinggermany vs netherlands
elmander makes encouraging return to full training to boost sweden before ukraine match via
just watched obama's acceptance speech , got super fuckin excited 2 nights in a row . i don't think i'll ever be so psyched about a president .
people still want to talk shit about obama he won so get over it we have him for four more years .
wishing all safe whilst this deadly hurricane sandy hits new york .
tomorrow at lotus even sandy can't stop the movement for my bro mixtape release costume party
happy st . patrick's day to all my friends of fb .
happy st .patrick's day ash have funnnnnn ! (:
did this nigga just say hurricane katrina ?
did this dude just say hurricane katrina ???
nyc people don't play an they not afraid like anywhere else they will stand up forever my word
the rally in kansas city is over , some have left many have stayed
i just checked out all the latest tech at the microsoft sxsw lounge and look forward to hearing mores 7 u
it's goin down at sxsw !!! come see a g !!
i forgot sandy was still roaming the whole world !! her doofy ass
after sandy leave zombies will come
gasoline situation increasingly dire in days after sandy - cbs news : cbs newsgasoline situation increasingly
: gasoline situation increasingly dire in days after sandy - cbs news : cbs newsgasoline situa
bro take pics of the aftermath of hurricane sandy i need to see what it's really lookin like .
let's talk about sex and sports and hurricane sandy !
missed the opening day of coz of work . looking forward to tomorrow's games . looks like my dvr will be working overtime .
greece couldn't afford to fly their team to so they had to run all the way to warsaw
oh ! happy st . patrick's day ! how could i forget ? it's my late great grand's birthday !
it's taken a lifetime to perfect . happy monday folks ! (and st . patrick's day too !)
hurricane sandy has left millions without power today . that's nothing compared to tens of millions from hurricane pdp since '99
well hit me up later we can do hurricane shots !
the average american's vote costs obama or romney $22.
if obama had a full beard with dreads though .
sydney go home ! let the police do their job and keep everyone safe !
thoughts are with sydney today . hope everyone is safe and well .
we need to help obama he can't do this alone .
mt waiting for obama to take the podium . chicago - gotta love that 86 x canon box len
my daughter said she love mitt romney but she wants barack obama to win she said she wants to move forward because it gives her hope wow !
if romney wins , i'm dropping out
why am i not in austin for sxsw ? why ?? d :
coated g2 's withstand all day daily beatings at . haven't changed em yet - no flaking of the coating
just seen what actually happened in boston some dickheads out there !
shocked at the news from boston marathon , prayers to all families
hurricane sandy : what's climate change gog to do with it ? - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy : what
hurricane sandy : what's climate change gog to do with it ? - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy : wh
sometimes i don't understand why they need to attack gaza ,like what they even did to you ??
kind of people are they ?aren't they human ?you all will not escape from god punishment .
it's big shame that supports us-inflicted sanctions agnst russia meanwhile russia adopts 2,6 mln
it's shameful that supports backed sanctions against meanwhile russia adopts 2,6 mln
happy st patrick's day !! here's a little green kitchen to help us celebrate !
who made it to the parade in detroit yesterday ? happy st . patrick's day !
still can't believe the whole boston thing ?!
this /these asshole (s) responsible for this tragedy in boston have a special place in whatever the opposite of paradise is they believe in .
too young to vote , but i would vote for obama **
barack obama ! timothy m . kaine ! robert c . bobby scott !
there back is sending clouds our way once again . slight chance of a shower this afternoon . temps in the 50 s
im sad for the people in new york . that hurricane fucked some shit up .
photo special : obama's aerial view of sandy's trail of ruin | via
i'm a surviver i survived this bitch sandy xd .
happy st . patrick's day . we're seeing green quilts !!!
maybe this will help ?? happy st .. patricks day guys :) xxxxx
my heart goes out to the families of those lives lost in the . stay strong
germanwings airbus a320 plane crash : doomed jet plunged more than 31,000 ft in just eight minutes
celebrate st patrick with green wine at penns woods winery today or barrels on the brandywine at any of the
goodmorning and happy sunday and early st . patrick day
turning the homeless into 4 g hotspots at sxsw - yahoo ! finance via - no me gusta !
t-minus 24 hours till i'm back in my hometown of for bringing great music , to great people , while at a great party
obama has put us in more debt than any president has .
lol you guys today i heard a lady say obama was the anti-christ at publix and i couldn't help but lol bc come on now is he rlly r u dumb lol
hope you're all enjoying st patrick's day !
thanks again to for his help with the st . patrick's day gifset !
people don't always care about your brand as much as they care about each other
gotta check this out . trying the le ' today toast ! munchie mobiles in the morning w / 40 others )
hours after brussels , bomb hoax triggers scare at new chandigarh airport
anti-eu british : don't exploit for . your country's hands are already dirty : handling
scared . hurricane sandy will hit ny , where i live .
are you prepared in the event that hurricane sandy comes to visit vermont ? extra batteries , water , food ? please check in on your neighbors
this st . patrick's day is turning out to be one lucky day ! all four of these guys are back at practice .
toppa da mornin to ya ! happy st patrick's day - //t.co/wxvs4eln50
where do they come up with the name hurricane sandy from ?
hoping everyone up north is adequately preparing for sandy's arrival . stay safe everyone !
happy st patricks day people ! here's to a legendary irishman !
here's to a happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! only to . cassandra's on it . what about you ?
its been st . patricks day for like a week
new : canadensis family in paris during terror attacks
djsnake : back to paris to see my family , these cowards won't intimidate us . paris is strong !!
bandaranaike airport in colombo , sri lanka , is the only airport i've been to that x-rays bags at its entrance doors .
brussels airport 'explosions': reports of two blasts as smoke rises from terminal
sxsw interview : steven van zandt talks about clarence clemons , upcoming tour
were at sxsw , what the fuck bro ?! i have been dying waiting for them to come to texas and now i didn't even know .. i'm pissed !
dear obama , sorry for wanting a job after college . sincerely , never happening now
its president obama especially to the haters
italian police arrest djamal eddine ouali linked to paris and brussels attacks | daily mail online
brussels police fire water cannon at right-wing protesters at memorial |
thanks to i've watched this cat celebrate st . patrick's day nonstop . st . catty's day !
happy st patrick's day from home improvement loan pros !
mainland couple giving support to occupy hong kong protesters
artists draw in support of hong kong protesters via
happy st . patricks day from all at cbre ireland !
happy st patrick's day !!!!!! get lucky !!
climate change , or crap shoot ? experts weigh sandy's causes - yahoo ! news via
we evac'd 2 bill's mom's house 4 the hurricane . she was totally skitchin ' alice under chin - 71 yrs old , animal lover bad ass ! 3
yes ,me too praying for boston .
the northeast has had it rough the past few months . hurricane sandy , sandy hook elementary , and now the boston marathon .
video : hurricane sandy's next disaster : recovery
millions cope with sandy's aftermath this is so racist
st . patricks day color is actually blue .
oh tomorrow's st patricks day lol
i didn't even know today was st patricks day lmfao
happy st . patrick's day all ! how are you planning to ? what's at the ?
happy st patricks day from me and in new orleans !!!!
i have not once acknowledged that it was st .patricks day .
so so sad and terrifying . poor paris
paris just got rocked again . damn .
obama holds huge lead over romney outside us via
obama , romney to make their final case on last day of campaign - chicago tribune : economic timesobama , romney to
im excited for this hurricane tbh . idc
on my way to costcoo , stocking up for this hurricane
happy st . patricks day everybody ^_^, make it a good one !
my icon just for st patricks day
now my nigguh obama will b da greatest president eva if he just !
i'm behind obama , all de way !!!
just hoping for a peaceful outcome for . can not be there in person but sending my support for people in fear
muslim : a follower of the religion of islam .terrorist: a person who engages in inhumane and violent acts .big difference .
happy st . patrick's day echo mill !
happy st . patrick's day--we're all honorarily irish today !
rat news online : in pictures : battling ebola in west africa : life and death as west afric
in pictures : battling ebola in west africa : life and death as west africa battles ebola outbreak
isbpl : live : nepal earthquake death toll jumps to 1,805 | things to know : live : nepal earthquake death t
live : nepal earthquake death toll jumps to 1,805 | things to know : live : nepal earthquake death toll jumps to
celebrating st . patrick's day includes a beer tax
happy st . patrick's day everyonebe safe !
hey ! are you guys gonna be affected by sandy ?
msnbc wants people to go without during if it means they were donated something by romney . so sick . mckay coppins positi
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qekijkir8x
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/iunvqcxisl
i guess it's st patricks day so happy holidays
st . patrick's day never have understood why this is considered a holiday .
when is st patricks day ? asking for a friend .
sounds like st patricks day got the best of ya
5 things to know for today : the search for bodies begins in the germanwings crash . u .s. troo vi
5 things to know for today : the search for bodies begins in the germanwings crash . u .s. troop
happy st . patrick's day !!!see you all later
but i do like them sam i am !!! happy st . patrick's day !!
bloombergnews : celtics game in boston cancelled after marathon bombings |
let's honor boston today by committing random acts of kindness . let's show the world that love will alw
its litt happy st patrick's . day ya'll
another day , another workout . happy st . patricks day ! (at w / 2 others )
happy st . patrick's day ! put on your green come practice with us !
happy st . patrick's day .even if you're not irish
swear ain know today was st .patricks day
got buzzed and finally told my dad i got fired . what a fucking st patricks day .
oh what i mean before was actually the world peace since baeksoo are ruining our lifes . but yes , lets pray for paris
it's heartbreaking to hear what's going on in paris right now
friday talk : vic gundrota and guy kawasaki at sxsw 2012 via
friday talk : vic gundrota and guy kawasaki at sxsw 2012 : guy kawasaki askes google's vic gund via
lol the hurricane sandy account is jokes like if you actually seat and read all of em your going to be dying of laughter
a view of hurricane sandy from the living earth app
st patrick's day parade on at 12.30 tomorrow in listowel . this fella might even make a reappearance this year ..
rt ontario cops seize 4400 cans of beer at st . patrick's day party - ctv news
: boston mayor pulls out of st patrick's day parade as lgbt talks fail : marty walsh said he would boy
happy st patrick's day to everyone , but especially my fav irish boy
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/ulviwsthtq
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/mgkw9dqf7d
the victims : across the northeast , victims ' stories from superstorm sandy were reported . another tr
cnn covers the hard news , like how sandy affected the cruise of reporter ashley -hit skip
throwing it back to last st . patricks day in arizona with see you 6 days !
ah st patrick's day , the day of my people
x sxsw new on lunchtime og
last day of sxsw will be the best no matter what ..that's a promise to myself
obama is lagging to come out cause he's beating that pussy up .
yes . you go obama you go .
happy st . patrick's day from morrell dental !
happy st patricks day where da holiday tuffy
if romney win , the world really gonana win
so obama has the popular vote at my school . obama over 1000 romney 400 and something
my prayers go to the victims in paris ! may god be with you
shit like this is diabolical at the best of times but when your sister is in paris it hits home . terrorist cunts .
please continuously pray for people at nepal .
god help the people in nepal . give them strength . _ /_#earthquakeagain
tyler thinks its okay to take it out on me that obama won .
after obama got reelected , gas shot up 12 cents . congrats obama ?
de jong fouls someone in the first minute of the match , what a twat .
nigel de jongs already foulded someone . 1 minute into the match .
i wish i take sleep for first half of game germinado portugalle . it nearly as boring as el concepto de crisps !
snuggled up watching portugal thrash (wish!!!) germany :))
dreaming of paris : 20 must-read quotes about the city of light : by tracy kalerthe city of light will prevail .
dreaming of paris : 20 must-read quotes about the city of light
can't watch the match at work keeping up to date with the fotty here
great goal ! lescott 1 -0 england ! hoping it doesn't set us up for a bigger disappointment !
happy st . patrick's day from lga !!
happy st patrick's day ! im ackermannshof w / 2 others ) [pic]:
video of downtown new york after hurricane sandy : a few video shots of the aftermath of hurricane
video of downtown new york after hurricane sandy : a few video shots of the aftermath of hurricane sa forbes asia
geekin out on election map will be the best part of the night
how soon after pick-up basketball ball game can you drink moonshine ? asking for a friend .
lmao iff mitt win its gon be alit of suicides . lmao smh
i'm not american but as a woman i hope wins ! sorry romney but my vagina refuses to cheer for you !
happy st . patrick's day . pinch someone and make them smile ! lol
happy st . patrick's day from leesburg virginia !!
top 4 news stories today - palmyra , lahore , brussels , prevent (schools). the answer to bad religion is not no religion - it's good religion .
belgium prosecutors charge three with 'terrorist activities '
wait a minute , you think i could get my mom back because f the hurricane ? lol
hurricane sandy related losses could reach $20bn say analysts
about to deal with a hurricane in a few minutes
a day in the life of a catholic school girl .: help those hurt by hurricane sandy !
my friend jeff is trying to raise relief and awareness for hurricane sandy please have a look to support
sandy gives weather channel a chance to shine : hours after hurricane sandy trampled the northeast , a gr
and fuck taco bell too 4 -real. that shit makin my stomach feel like hurricane patricia
why mexico was spared from hurricane patricia
a little late due to hurricane sandy but .
cost of hurricane sandy : $50b. just 74 more of these will equal cost of wars in iraq and afghanistan .
hurricane sandy is officially my new best friend . she cancelled school for two days .
not having my whole family under the same state during this hurricane i have to worry about my sister in queens
happy st . patrick's day from my irish half .
happy st . patrick's day world ! time to celebrate with a good beer ! :d
happy st patricks day to all our irish friends in b'ham (and everyone else who is irish for the day only )!
happy st patricks day fans ! we hope you enjoy the festivities wherever you are ..for the day that is in
of course ! the tsunami was overhyped , looks like sandy might be too
i liked a video tormenta sandy
i'm going to stay tuned in . good luck ! 30 more minutes of st . patrick's day .. might still have some hope .
yummy st . patrick's day dinner !!!
what happens with top goalscorer if players are on the same amount ? cheers !
spain got very lucky , portugal shouldve won witout a doubt
after night upon night of fucked-uppery , how are they still using the same methods , thinking it will result in social calm ?
correspondent says live on air that he heard gunshots seconds ago , echoing reports from reporters throughout .
happy st . patrick's day ! stop by and see us . enjoy a green beer !
thank you ! happy st patrick's day , sweet jennifer !:)my little gift to you :
aaawwww the crooked i freestyle at sxsw was old -___-
who suppose to be at fri .sat sun ???? any 1 know ???
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vbhgauevv1
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hhea493h98
some branches outside my window .dam sandy you kncked my tree down but we made it thru lol
sandy ;) from grease . find shiny black spandex to run in and big blonde hair !
please talk about the raw seweage and the parasites ppl are going to have ? thank you god bless u dr .
halloween in nj is cancelled until monday . thanks . at least i get a halloween free birthday !
for any emergency inquiries about pakistanis affected by hurricane sandy in ny and nj area , please contact 212 -472-6807 an
hurricane sandy hits trojan family : former usc song girl claudene christian was a casualty of hur
don't forget to thank bill clinton for being on obama's side . we couldn't do it without you clinton !
what has obama done for science ? glad you asked :
i see that the dutch are behind in their match v denmark
to be honest , i like holland would want them to win :) and of course !
jelavic puts croatia ahead of ireland . (
jelavic makes it 2 -1 for croatia in the 44 th minute !
the cold dont bother me at all but this wind .you suck sandy
wishing all of our friends on the east coast safety and warmth . what a critical time with the
pinky toasty drinking green beer , happy st . patrick day dahlinks !
chinese on st . patrick's day ? don't mind if i do
where can i get that st . patricks hat other than port st . lucie ? its awesome .
we are having the best weekend celebrating st patricks with everyone
that was a good steack and ale for celebrating st patrick's day ! perfect :d
st . patricks day isn't the only day you should be green ! start cleaning with this amazing eco friendly solution !
poland 1 -0 greece come on greece rubbish goalkeeping i'm going to work now :(
poland 1 -0 greece . that is simply the best goal of this tournament . :d
here's what hurricane sandy looks like from space [updated] via
omg me 2 its it supposed 2 be a mix of hurricane and a snowstorm .
the perfect way to start every morning !! happy st patrick's day
happy st . patricks day white ppl
paris (reuters) - hong kong reported that the highly pathogenic h5n6 bird flu virus had been de
paris (reuters) - hong kong reported that the highly pathogenic h5n6 bird flu virus had be
: suspected isis bomb-maker arrested in . more details ahead on (via
just getting this information . arrest made on suspected bomb maker . details below .
nothing much , home skillet . just waiting for sandy to come by .. what's poppin ' with you though ?
*bounces on your bed * becauase it's sunday ! also supposed to get hit by sandy later tonight .
celebrate st . patrick's day safely !
do you even know why st patricks day , is a day ?
[ttb]welcome to tari taribo's blog : pics : omg !! paris under terror attack , at least 35
we bless the people in paris , and let the light shine upon the 100 deadamen :
yes im irish , i just dont give two shits about st . patricks day
uhm actually im not irish but happy st . patricks day to you too ..
hurricane sandy : death toll 70, 3.75 mn americans still without power : death toll from the disaster indianmuslims
hurricane sandy : death toll 70, 3.75 mn americans still without power
hurricane sandy won't stop us from serving you beer . we'll be open for growler fills ! bam .
better tell the hurricane you ain't pussy !
happy st patricks day everybody xx
happy st . patrick's day from some of our new team
hopefully obama keeps his promises this year
mitt romney can just suck the imaginary dick that he wishes all us women had .
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/ksmjpwmmek
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/8rhqggzz9q
we didn't think there was an erasure song for st patrick's day , but it turns out that there is (sort of ). this is
hope you remembered to wear green today .#stpatricksday
russia vs czech | goal 82 ' pavlyuchenko magic , opens up hubnik blasts a right footer into the net rus 4 cze 1 game set match rus
russia look good enough to win the tournament
someone else's thoughts :obama rests comfortably after paris attacks via
less than a week since the friday 13 th paris terror attack , hours ago the newswires lit up with news of another
st patrick's day has begun
happy st patricks's day hehe
today's the day america ! go vote !! this is something that effects the entire world . if you can vote , then do it !
rt good morning everyone !! it's a great day to go vote !!!!!
happy st .patrick's day and that's funny
happy st . patricks day from all of us here at linders be safe everyone .
obama wins us election 2012 : what next for china-us relations ? must read guest post by china expert jonathan fenby
how come obama is clean has no swiss account never wears designer suits and a million dollar watch but still is most powerful man on earth .
since i'm too lazy to go see obama i am just going to sit at home and watch brown sugar wishing i was sanaa lathan .
is your opinion that you want obama to win , but romney is probably better for canada ?
you wanna say some words for paris ??
it just shows , paris could happen anywhere .
think about this . the amount 0 bama spent on green energy boondoggle he could have paid for hurricane sandy damage twice over .
greensboro flooding after hurricane sandy : via
warned about the danger of taking these syrian 'refugees' in long before paris attack .
paris is attacked - global uproar . now france is bombing the fuck out of syria murdering innocent civilians - global no-fucks-given .
oh god . those barbarians at le bataclan appear to be slaughtering hostages one by one . not human beingsno words at their baseness
our hearts go out to paris ,with shabbat prayers for peace and safety , as we mourn for those who aready lost .
i can't believe i left work to watch this game . so embarrassed !
so goalkeeper is injured . and sifakis replaces him . a re santos , if only you took !
d .wade lining look like the path hurricane sandy took
damn sandy what did i do to you !!
check out an aussie perspective as i follow refugees through europe from lesbos-belgrade
read an aussie human rights perspective as i follow refugees through europe ; lesbos-belgrade
even beyonce and voldemort don't want romney as president .
no , it hasn't . re-elect obama and you'll see .
prayers out to all those people in boston
when humans lost their humanity and create a peace by killing others then it's a tragedy . there's nothing worth killing for .
students buying cookies to raise funds for victims from nepal earthquake
nepal earthquake destroyed 24 k classrooms : un -via newsinshorts
boston update 3 - suspect in custody - tufts is closed
my thoughts and prayers go out to boston . such a tragedy .
roy hodgson is a total pro in front of tv , he was in the dressing room saying 'wat weferee was a biased wanker '
anyone else think captions are a bit shouty ? joe hart , roy hodgson .
polite of cameron to send congrats obama . wonder if that was the result he was hoping for ?
obama is my president , and i hope the next 4 yrs are better than the last 4 yrs .
everybody wearing green today . it's not st patricks day .
reminder : st . patrick's day giveaway ! via
pray for paris . may the souls rest in peace !!
a grim reminder of unmitigated evil should light up in solidarity with
happy monday , st . patrick's day and start of spring !
happy st . patrick's day ! are you going out in green tonight ?
wtf ?? how could obama win ? without sympathy votes . without odarpu yatras . without pada yatras . without self-statue erect
obama wins 2 nd term : 'the best is yet to comeread more :
predicts has won re-election
which means obama just won re-election .
competition for a free rain poncho coming up soon just trying to think of a good one its germany v italy be with you soon folks
competition for a free rain poncho coming up soon just trying to think of a good one its germany v italy be
i just checked into find the beard sxsw 2012 on ustream . come watch and chat with me here
sxsw . you andt get up while your down there
our thoughts are with the people in paris right now , stay safe
my thoughts are with paris . sending my love your way . stay safe x
elizabeth warren wins the senate seat in mass . biggest call so far
aaaahhh !!! love my home state !! rt projects that elizabeth warren wins ma senate seat
budweiser ad well done and cinematic
the budweiser commercial needed more danica patrick .#superbowl
just hit the stage at brush square . four part harmonies from france !
i rode a mule at sxsw . i did
obama : in the united states of america , police should not be bullying or arresting journalists who are trying to do their jobs .
obama said that in america police shouldn't be bullying or arresting journalists for doing their job
too many people busy watching the game in terminal 5 . they will end up missing their flights .
failing will be my first option if i watched the game !! :s
happy st patricks day from text 2 systems ! a beer drinking holiday is a terrible thing to waste !
happy st . patrick's day from northern ireland - even though i'm actually in scotland today !this photo is another
trump : 'i would close up our borders until we figure out what's going on ': the brussels terror attacks drew wi
dtn usa : trump : 'i would close up our borders until we figure out what's going on ': the brussels terror attack
breaking via confirmed death toll from paris attacks reaches 140 :
war hawks like rubio are going to use this tragedy in paris as a scare tactic to advance their message . it's sick when politicians do this .
germany , italy or england to win the euros ..
germany is actually gonna win the euros
i'm i want a fairer society , the poor to no longer be persecuted and for nuclear arms to be off our soil .
that big bairns not bombs figure looks more operation yewtree than operation yes
so who's voting then ? who we going for ? obama or romney ?
not even american and i want to vote for obama
time to stare sandy in the eye !!!! see you soon dev !!!!!
taking everything off my deck for sandy not to blow it away
rooting for obama to remain undefeated in this tight presidency of our southern counterparts
prepare for the media to start claiming an obama victory early tomorrow ! don't let it sway you from getting to the p
breaking : nepal's army says it spotted the wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter in mountains ; no immediate confirmation from u .s.
nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter in mountains | via
still confused at the level that americans celebrate st patricks day . i get the history but seriously
happy st . patrick's day (wheatgrass) shot
happy st patrick's day ! hit //t.co/o9te0qik3u
i've gotta run off to the gym now . happy st . patrick's day , all !
prediction for the matches -- holland 4 -0 denmark . -- portugal 1 -3 germany
three hours until kickoff of netherlands-denmark . previews of today's matches are
hello all ! happy st . patricks day !
happy st patrick's to you too xx
this loud is gettin me right thru sandy
laaa you cause of sandy i'm not ganna see you :'(
eli manning now w two tiffany's against tom brady and the pats ! wow congratulations
to tom brady's ego , my condolences
super bowl on sofanatics : new york giants - new england patriots
super bowl preview live ! via
italy vs germany in 40 minutes ..forza azzurri ..let me tweet byebye germany later :d
germany vs . italia ! who takes it ? i say germany !
st . patricks day : when every line is just like the brown line on a saturday night .
with the irish victory today , and my birthday being st patricks day , how likely is it that i'll get free guinness ?
so , how long until we imprison hurricane scientists for failing to prevent sandy ?
lou baccashthe situation from hurricane sandy is close to katrina - desperate for hundreds of thousands in ny
happy st . patricks day lushes .
happy st . patrick's day from goodies n more and qt1270am !!!
if you don't vote you giving romney and advantage
mitt romney need to gone somewhere
i guess nature has given u .s its own halloween trickhurricane sandy ..
what the hell is wrong with these people ? msnbc ridicules romney for collecting food supplies for sandy victims |
help nepal . redcross /nepal. they are the only at this moment to reach these places .
china rushes aid to nepal after deadly earthquake ; taiwan is turned away
if you aren't listening this today , you aren't st .patricks daying right .
who's coming out tonight for st patricks day ?
she had to cancel cos of the hurricane , the freakin idiot !
o yea that's deff the struggle , shit gettin real on the bowls ave my power fine that b *ch sandy know what it is
devastating to hear what happened in brussels today , all the love to those affected x
dramatic brussels station footage shows passengers being evacuated from trains underground via
hurricane communication plan - . following friend updates . i can't watch this radar map for 12 hours on the tv .
lmfao yeah when there isn't a hurricane watch
why does st . patricks day exist
why does st . patricks day have to be on a school day
happy st . patricks day ! now , look at this adorable piglet .
about to get in this green beer happy st patricks day grill
obama will take an early lead in the poles tomorrow until the republicans get off work !
obama will lead voting tomorrow untill the republicans get off work
so upset about the tragedy that happened today at the boston marathon , just dont understand
very sad about today's news . sending prayers positive thoughts to all affected by bombings in boston . stay safe strong my boston friends
ending my night with a shirt and an bracelet it was a good day
it's not st patricks day without a little bit of jameson
i think this guy missed the hurricane sandy memo
is it weird to say i missed twitter ? been writing heavily this past week . hope everyone is staying safe after sandy , esp .
good luck to paris as well i guess
paris bomb explosion shooting over 100 dead held hostage | isis jihadi john murder
5 possible causes of the germanwings jetliner crash
leading the network evening newscasts : cbs /nbc: 3 americans among dead in germanwings crash ; abc : bergdahl faces desertion charge .
hearing too many hurricane jokes
these hurricane sandy twitter accounts aren't even funny please stop retweeting them
patton oswalt's a pretty smart guy . uplifting stuff .
the fact that people are making up stories about the boston marathon is sickening .
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/wkbsksznml
you can bid on a signed set of my books ! proceeds go to nepal relief . open internationally . thanks for sharing !! xoxo
just woke up and checked twitter . there's a football game on r something right ?
marks last game w / reebok before jerseys go to nike and hats go to new era
african governments must send food aide to america . must lead the delegation , with his band of econ freedom fighters
it looks like eye will definitely avoid ma . but doesn't that still mean today will be just as rainy windy as yesterday ?
st . patrick's day irish quiz pro by spilling coffee media llc
celebrate st . patricks day tonight at the rose with a nice cold guinness
the latest hurricane sandy track from
i wonder if hurricane sandy can do karate :d
love your rat : storm threat to key us poll week : hurricane sandy becomes a political storm
top stories : storm threat to key us poll week : hurricane sandy becomes a political storm as it swirls towards t
top off you st . patrick's day celebration with irish creme mousse cake from our bakery !
i can see how that would be . it was probably also a bad idea to come up here on st . patrick's day .
turkish soccer fans during the minutes silence for the victims of the paris terror attacks .
the terror attacks in paris where so dangerous
got me rollin on these sandy tweets .
hahaha . if only alex reid's female persona was sandy and not roxanne we'd have struck comedy gold .
tappan zee bridge re-opens .
my heart goes out to new jersey .
happy st . patrick's day ! (almost)
as a laker fan i refuse to wear green on st . patricks day .
brussels attacks : belgian prosecutors charge two men with terrorist activities : belgian federal prosecutors sa
brussels attacks : belgian prosecutors charge two men with terrorist activities : belgian fed lo
i'm waiting to watch all this news based out of new york on sandy to suddenly turn into cloverfield . boom , hurricane to godzillas brother .
residents in red hook , brooklyn , assess the damage after sandy via
it was rather depressing walking by the mangled /remains of the set .
have no idea what to do after being used to watching all this constant football
what happened in paris is really sad , in public i feel afraid if a person makes one false move .
rep . king calls for surveillance after paris attacks - foxtv political news republican lawmaker reacts to
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ltrkxujllc
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/88l1djliwq
sam uncle who dares whole world now running away with th fear of , leaving his candy . it's proves nature is more powerful .
peace to my occupants . stay safe
well my mother and i are having a hurricane sandy party
i am sooo not ready for this hurricane .
zerohedge : sandy's state-by-state impact forecast
zerohedge : sandy's state-by-state impact forecast : the latest state-by-state forecast from the wunderground weat
ah , i think hurricane has landed on kerry !!!
in the past 36 hrs , we had the worst ny hurricane ever , an $aapl executive shakeup $dis buys lucas is making star wars ep 7 -9? umm . wow ?
jim iyke featured in uk daily mail for fleeing liberia over ebola scare : for fleeing monrovia , liberia because
jim iyke featured in uk daily mail for fleeing liberia over ebola scare : for fleeing monr follow 4 mor
district judge mr john foster halted proceedings this morning at magistrates ' court to observe minute's silence for paris victims
new story on npr : monday morning routines resume in paris after friday night attacks
taking the night off from partying at to build a tetrinet clone in nodejs with
loved catching up w / at the finding out how it got started !
at least 906 killed as 7.8 magnitude earthquake hits nepal ; search for survivors via the sending prayers
kathmandu valley is nepal's richest and most populated area ! most of the destruction has happened there ! many heritage sites destroyed !
chinese president xi's family implicated in panama papers scandal
even if my name shows up in the panama papers , i still want that $5 you owe me .
that doritos commercials wit the gma & the baby was too funny !!
since the is on im prolly gunna take a nap
done with posting bourgeoisie pictures of reporters their friends recent trips to country wouldn't let us refuel ?!
u2 , foo fighters cancel european shows after paris attacks :
jiwa mines aid flow in as nepal death toll rises to 2,000 : planeloads of aid material , doctors and relief work
aid flow in as nepal death toll rises to 2,000 : planeloads of aid material , doctors and relief w
solidarity from , its a beautiful thing .
hundreds in d .c. standing with the people of and demanding justice for mike brown . photo :
if you think hurricane sandy was bad
the fact that i have a cousin near hurricane sandy
just checked into the hotel . pair of previous guests dirty undies on the bathroom floor . welcome to
female entrepreneurs seek capital and connections at sxsw : jane applegate is reporting
sandy : i love karatespongebob : i love kara-tayymr . krabs : i love money-ayysquidward : i hate all of you -_- ..
sandy : i love karate . spongebob : i love kar-a-tay . mr . krabs : i love money-ay . squidward : i hate all of you . :-)
death toll approaching 4,000 in nepal earthquake
god please help my country nepal
i am heart broken . senseless acts of violence are just saddening . my thoughts and prayers are with those in boston . #b
prayers to all those affected by the bombing at the boston marathon
sierra leone doctor fighting ebola catches disease : sierra leone : doctor leading ebo
sierra leone doctor fighting ebola catches disease : sierra leone : doctor leading ebola controla
more monkey chants reported towards czech player selassie . plus violence in the standswhat is uefa going to do about it ?
expecting big things from afellay this tournament
beautiful dress iman happy st . patrick's day !
thank you declan . glad you liked it ! happy st patrick's day .
mt : it's easy to help the folks in ! donate your time or money , might i suggest :
i know this is the big story i'm behind the walkout all . but this berger king /tim hortons merger has got me shook
brussels suicide bomber had violated parole but was released by court : brussels suicide bomber khalid el bakraoui violated the terms
brussels suicide bomber khalid el bakraoui violated the terms of his parole last may by maintaining contacts with past criminal assoc
for non-cantonese speakers following , this is the livestream w english translation you need : ht
cy leung : chief secretary carrie lam to meet with protesters to discuss hk's constitutional development
pilot : in hijacking's like egyptair , rule no . 1
pilot : in hijacking's like egyptair , rule no . 1 via
so happy to be with congresswoman clark celebrating st . patrick's day !
st . patrick's day wish - sonic drive-in tv commercial via
our thoughts and prayers go to the victims of the boston bombings and their families . a day of joy and human
and to all those affected by the tragedy in boston .
happy st patrick's day to everyone out here ! have fun ! :)
happy st patricks day . great day to be irish .
john kerry visits paris , calls on world to target islamic state as its core
john kerry visits paris , calls on world to target islamic state as its core : the civilized world must boost it
on the way to march in the st . patrick's day parade while we look fabulous .
dont piss off the irish , its called st patricks day or st paddys day , not patty
if you're annoying about st patricks day i will stab you
tomorrow st . patrick's day oooo
follow video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings i via
ebola outbreak : most border crossings to close in liberia - bbc news
: 'help!' stranded trekkers send out sos after nepal quake : as the helicopter swooped over
'help!' stranded trekkers send out sos after nepal quake : as the helicopter swooped over nepal's lush gorkha valley in search of eart
woohoo ! superbowl sunday ! let the games begin !
perfect sunday am : pre - & some quality time on pinterest . are you a pinner ? let's connect :
over 1500 killed in massive earthquake in nepal yesterday (see photos ) via
telugu people in nepal safely reached delhi | nepal earthquake : tv5 news : via
anyone else see the flag during the dutch v danes match at ?
there's nothing like waking up the next morning with a smile on yr face jst cuz yr team won last night
best about us election , to be seen here :
*mitt *matt who gives af .
uggh every time i switch over to the weatch channel they always talkin about hurricane sandy not the tsunami
whew , got to get some sleep ; hurricane sandy will surely be t'morow's tweet-frenzy . glad hawaii is safe - dodged the tsunami !
it is never ok to attack innocent civilians . heartbreaking for heartbreaking for all of .
bodies litter the streets of a paris alleyfrench capital tonight . gutsy paramedics - courage right there .
rallying the past days has been great glasgow . go cast your vote !!!!
do hope after today english people will consider boycotting scottish produce and goods .
ask romney who the parent are to borrow money from ?!? lolol
mitt romney's parents must have really hated him from birth , who names their child mitt ?
i'm in love with barack obama ! such an amazing guy .
rt i'm gonna be truthful , i wanted romney to win . why ? purely ethnical reasons . ?
the color , flavor and spirit you see at this obama rally is not what you see at a romney rally !! this is america !
what's so bad about romney winning ?
the demon of death , a letter from paris aliens news - paranormal
^ dunfermline + | police told paris survivors : you can cry now , you are safe
from mt 00 z gfs brings over nyc . if verified expect major impacts coastal flooding
mt 00 z gfs brings right over . if that track verified expect major impacts coastal flooding for s new england .
birds-eye view of hagupit's destruction : cnn's andrew stevens hops on a helicopt
[#josedaviid13] birds-eye view of hagupit's destruction : cnn's andrew stevens hops on a h follow
lol dem need jesus and clothing to put on acting like its summer it's fall n hurricane outside
my school is shut down because of aftermath . i'm hoping nfs most wanted will come in the mail so i can play it . :)
the world stops spinning to hear obama speak inspiring .
my grandma is so excited for obama !
slow-moving hurricane sandy marches toward east coast - reuters : economic timesslow -
googlenews : economic timesslow-moving hurricane sandy marches toward east coastreutersmiami (reuters)
if i said i was voting for romney i'd be lying
if you're everything else and you vote romney you're a commie
praises romney's concession speech : 'it was very well done .'
romney was very classy in his concession speech
election day : another look at obama , romney on food safety : by news deskelection day is final ht
food safety news : election day : another look at obama , romney on food safety
this friday and saturday ! there will be : art installations ! pop up vintage clothing stores ! cool drinks and yummy treats !
digital domain schedule . interesting sessions in here .
congrats to barack obama . the best years are yet to come .
yes , obama is a decent orator . hitler was better .
looks like all nyc shutting down due to sandy storm . hope all is well w / you .
nyc subway all shut down now . this is the information given about hurricane sandy .
ottawa attack : police confirm only one gunman as politicians return to work : shooting suspect via
ottawa attack : police confirm only one gunman as politicians return to work : shooting suspe
end to end football , poland unlucky imo , very good game
a nice game full of builders :d
look around the internet , apparently there is a serious situation unfolding in sydney australia .
everyone in sydney i hope y'all are safe
robtest what we know about the 'spiritual healer ' named as the sydney hostage taker
oh noi was hoping that this would just end in a capture . that man has wronged humanity .
bbc news : video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among differ
video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among different commun
stay safe ! i say that to people on the west coast . bc if you are hurt or die outside of this hurricane disaster , youre go
'the slow the calm the emotional the storm ': as the hurricane makes its way away from the shores of our city
hurricane sandy is serious . do not joke .
what if hurricane sandy is just the beginning of the end of the world :o 122112
pinch me and ima pistol whip ya all upside ya head . . .happy st . patrick's day
corned beef is in the crockpot cooking in guinness . even more cans of guinness in the fridge . what a great holiday , happy st . patrick's day !
drones assist earthquake relief and rescue operations in nepal : camera-equipped unmanne
via drones assist earthquake relief and rescue operations in nepal
retweeted afp news agency egyptair hijacker arrested : cyprus government spokesman
breaking : egyptair hijacker has been arrested , according to a cyprus government spokesman .
let's hope ireland can get back in this
come on ireland ! let's get back into the gameand no more mistakes !!
happy st .patricks day . the irish are my favourite people in the world . today i am green .
good morning . happy st . patrick's day to all my irish homies . don't even try to pinch me
egyptian media reporting that there are 10 us 8 british citizens on hijacked plane
breaking : according to egyptian media there are 10 us citizens , and 8 british citizens on the hijacked plane .
keep up w /all the best happenings right here : brought to you by
the town crier at . guess he didn't anticipate most of the tweets would be about him . 3
ap photos : some of the best images from ap photographers who spent months with the candidates : -rjj
ap photos : some of the best images from ap photographers who spent months with the candidates :
i'm only like 10 % irish , but i'll take it . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks days everybody :)
rt - indian leaders express grief over quake tragedy in nepal : indian leaders across party lines expresse
toii indian leaders express grief over quake tragedy in nepal : indian leaders across party lines expressed dee
happy st . patrick's day , my dear ! enjoy , but not too much !
mtbr alum , derby , just wanted to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !!!! he found is pot of gold in 2013
love u fabregaswat a reply fo italy's first goal ..goal within 3 mins ..italy vs spain .1-1.#euro2012
let's see who can make another goal . i don't like either of these teams just a soccer fan .
can't wait to see how many dumb people will actually come into the bank tomorrow and tuesday during the hurricane
damm im not tryina spend dis hurricane back home . i need be around females
justin staying warm during the hurricane .lol omg i can't
never lost power w sandy . thank god . prayers to those affected .
obama will grab the early lead tomorrow , only until the republicans get off work .
im predicting obama will take a early lead tomorrow . until all the republicans get off work .i know i know
after germanwings plane crash , pondering pilot psychology - new york times
did mh370 go down like ?
thoughts with those being held in sydney and there family's
hello sydney . hope everyone's okay down there . x
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qv75tp7x2z
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ojafutgnhe
happy st patricks day ..good day you can wrap .. when you come to argentina
i might watch the fugitive when i get home because part of it takes place on st patrick's day
alj : philippines downgrades hagupit to depression - philippine weather bureau downgrades hagupit to 'tropical depr
philippines downgrades hagupit to depression - philippine weather bureau downgrades hagupit to 'tropical depressio
super bowl sunday !! let's go giants !! 3
let's go giants (: ohyeahh . super bowl sunday 3
happy st patrick's day ! yes , i am .wearing green .
happy snowy st . patrick's day from all of us here at dupont circle !
viaplease help my friend from nepal whose village stands at 6600 ft and is far from relief and aid in ktm .
six dogs from a southern california based organization are heading to nepal to help with quake rescue efforts .their story
everytime i hear about hurricane sandy i think of grease . looks like new york won't be getting any summer lovin ' today
no classes monday !!! omg thank you hurricane sandy .
i will be rting places of shelter for anyone in paris who may need it
bruh what is paris doing right now
i think i know who he is voting for ! and it certainly is not romney ! poor guy
mitt romney's campaign has not revealed him to be worthy of the office of president of the united states .
with 27 of 29 precincts reporting , 52.70 % of the vote is against the bowling green schools income tax .
working on eating this whole box of pastries while watching
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qjvqk3vcpo
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m33129vxio
happy st patricks day ! come get lucky at !
mmmmm ! happy st . patricks day !
dtn world news : britain shelters 65,000 nepal people : britain has provided emergency shelter to more than 65,0
britain shelters 65,000 nepal people : britain has provided emergency shelter to more than 65,000 displaced peo
google news : preparations hasten for tropical storm sandy - washington post : the hindupreparations hasten for t
preparations hasten for tropical storm sandy - washington post - irish times preparations hasten f
yes , ebola-phobia do you have a phobia of anything ?
this ebola virus outbreak is serious shii
last time i was this nervous was b4 c-section . at least i know the outcome was going to be positive then .
i will be so fucking glad when all these commercials and hash tags are over with !!!
did you know the official colour of st . patrick is actually blue ? more surprising st . patrick's day facts , here :
trying not to be a baby about the snow and cold but really , i shouldn't be shoveling on st . patrick's day !
( ) cultural practices aiding ebola spread : an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the sprea
cultural practices aiding ebola spread - an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is to combat
you can track developments in today through this mix of 150 + sources , primarily journalists :
who profits from tear gassing protestors in ? map in progress :
holland should be a few goals up already
holland are class in possession but need to be a bit more ruthless
happy st patrick's day !!! i wore everything but green today lol ..
good morning happy st patrick's day ! we have good availability at present so if there is anything we can help with , please get in touch .
i feel like i've celebrated st . patrick's day / my birthday for weeks .. and i have .
has your mother rung you drunk to wish you a happy st patrick's day yet ? :p
i wish i was in montserrat this week at the st patricks day festival celebrating with my family :(
can't wait for tomorrow !! saint patricks day !!!!!!!
happy st patricks day i hate you all !!
its st patricks day wheres the jameson
ladies romney wouldnt have taken away your rights thats the only reason you voted for him
the world is safe from romney ! thank you u .s.
some of our staff celebrated by running in the casi race , supporting a non-profit member !
happy snowy st . patrick's day ! if you need information about snow plowing you can check out the vdot plow
wonder if that will be his last try at it or will we see him try in four years when obama leaves .
stop !!!! enough with the politics yay obama won but i'm sure if you were broke today you gon still be broke tomorrow
companies hustle to re-staff , reopen after sandy : new york /chicago (reuters) - hurricane sandy may have bisnis :
companies hustle to re-staff , reopen after sandy : new york /chicago (reuters) - hurricane sandy cc
reasons why obama is better than you
wyd on this day before obama get reelected lol
happy st . patrick's day folks . - me too
happy st . patrick's day everyone even though everything looks white outside .
large plume of high level moisture in the form of cirrus clouds originating from hurricane sandy shifting into eastern lake mi .
just reading on the news about hurricane sandy . my thoughts are with everyone affected . looks so bad .
mum watching news . lots of people killed in paris :-(:-(:-(
my heart is breaking watching the news unfold . thoughts are with the people of paris
all the things i'll need to ride out the ol hurricane hq ) [pic]:
boutta get ready to go to sandy's . (:
if obama loose im going back to honduras
one of the most racists groups in the nation is the naacp and they will do anything they can to keep obama in office .
video : muslim woman rips up israeli flag at brussels memorial : video : muslim woman r
video : muslim woman rips up israeli flag at brussels memorial : video : muslim woman rips up israeli fl
cnet london man reportedly arrested over racist brussels terrorism tweet - cnet : the tweet went viral and spaw
london man reportedly arrested over racist brussels terrorism tweet - cnet : the tweet went vir via
would actually love a 'no' vote whitewash . hopefully this keeps up :)
looking like a resounding win for the no campaign . fantastic turnout . democracy at its best .
understanding the ebola virus : sources : card 1 : bloomberg ; card 2 : bloomberg ; card 3 : healthline ; c
understanding the ebola virus : sources : card 1 : bloomberg ; card 2 : bloomberg ; card 3 : healthli
brb changing my twitter name to hurricane zureylene
the words hurricane nd storm are being over used tonight
no one knows the real reason for st . patricks day not even the irish
am i the only one who didn't know it was st patricks day
how much of that is actually going to nepal ?
check out karkhana ; help kids in nepal
happy st . patrick's day !!! my favorite holiday of the year !
happy st patricks day to all from northern ireland :)
apparently 4 hostages killed in the paris supermarket - unconfirmed .
damn it . mt 4 hostages from the paris supermarket were killed
i hate st . patricks day and irish people .
i totally forgot it was st . patrick's day and i'm actually irish
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3sujqqqukn
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/phuoptu8as
happy st . patricks day from the vantage team
happy st . patrick's day fisher hill neighbors !
happy st .patricks day ! whoop ! xx
good morning everyone ! happy st . patrick's day ! are you wearing green today ?
so i figured st . patrick's day was the best day to ask this girl who means so much to me to prom .
st . patrick's day is over , it's officially princess kevan day
happy st . patrick's day everyone-carrie
had no clue it was even st . patricks day
happy day of st patrick . ireland .
he's so cute ! happy st . patrick's day !
good read from about what last night really means
well obama was elected . but the events of the night before scarred me for life :p
it's over !bo just won nh , earlier he won pa ,wi,mi, so mitt had 2 run th table he can't do tht now w /o nh , even w /
i care about our country but by golly these results are giving me anxiety !
how bmxers celebrate st . patrick's day : via
is pinching on st . patrick's day seriously still a thing ?
on st . patrick's dayhave a good time in every way .drink, be merry , and wear green .a day befit for an irish queen . i will ; i am .#mpy
is it bad that i had no clue it was st . patricks day today ?
sewe 450 hi i wrote this special preview for russia v c republic tonight (cont)
only two hours to the first euro football match ! poland-greece ! go , go poland ! 3
hurricane katrina had 108 million dollars worth of damage and hurricane sandy is only suppose to do 10 million dollars either way crazy
don't really feel like dealing with this hurricane ..
this hurricane can be as bad as it wants to be , just don't let my power go outi need to play my ps3
bloomberg : if you have to get somewhere via public transit , do it by 7 pm . that's when shutdown will start , if it happens .
where are you hurricane sandy when will you hit my city ?
just got the latest hurricane sandy update for my areadoesn't look promising .
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at leon's !
happy st patrick's day to one and all ! . can i drink it now ? :d
igueess i'm chillin wit the sis kenisha drinks jasmin morales and tanerah through this hurricane thts comming .
don't know why networks don't roll same b roll footage of same windswept , rain soaked guy in slicker for all hurricane reporting
india evacuates nepal foreigners : india helps in evacuating 170 foreign nationals from 15 countries who were trapped in nepal's earth
india evacuates nepal foreigners : india helps in evacuating 170 foreign nationals from 15 countr
jump into your day . style ! happy st . patricks day everyone ! may the luck of the irish be with you !!
st patricks day fact : the 2 nd of the original written rules of hurling was hurlers can be dismissed if under the influence of strong drink .
you will hear this more often , but happy st . patrick's day :d
happy st . patrick's day baby ! xx
attempting to keep awake until it's all over
crowds whoop after hearing obama has secured pennsylvania . jh
the mayan prophesies will become true if mitt romney is elected tomorrow
haha . that is the greatest tweet ever . if i hadn't already voted for obama , b /c i'm a woman , i would have b /c of that tweet .
australia extends its help to nepal hugh sheridan | aunewse | pinterest
melb mums found alive in nepal hugh sheridan | aunewse | pinterest
happy saint patrick's day ! from the i-wireless family to yours , we hope you have a safe and enjoyable day !
may your home always be too small to hold your friends .
sydney gunman inspired by isis ? - man haron monis had a well-known criminal history and displayed extremist views .
: sydney gunman inspired by isis ? - man haron monis had a well-known criminal history and displayed extr
wondering what to do on st . patrick's day ? well , i am wondering too ;)
happy st . patrick's day and the best of luck always to you ! :)
hurricane sandy in atlantic city . ocean and bay have met hurricane
my sister and brother are going to be in the middle of hurricane sandy
we want peace . we want to live without fear . we can change it . we want love . we are paris
we're praying to god for paris tonight .who are the rest praying to ?yesterday you hated him .today you want to use him .
paris shooting : armed man takes hostage in paris kosher store
rss : at least 2 killed as armed man takes hostages in paris store - reports
everyone's talking about this big hurricane . watch it rain for 5 minutes and be done ..
she def trying to get hurricane'd in --
listen to stefan give us (and the europeans ) some advice on the muslim situation after brussels .
6 . clippers 7 . rob ford 8 . brussels 9 . jim hillyer 10 . katt williams 2016 /3/24 01 :15 cdt
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/23ysxieuwa
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wisgfadweo
it was stevie gerrard vs france game
lets hope the ukraine vs sweden match has a fairer ref than england vs france .
16 /07/14,15:12:22 missiles launched against zikim ,yad mordechai ,netiv haasara .
16 /07/14,15:12:52 missiles launched against sderot hata'asiya .
you're right , y'know . my memory of that night is pretty hazy tbf . enjoy sxsw lad !
super stoked you made it to ! have a blast ^_^
so , you went to the pub crawl ? they're serious about st . patrick's day there .
don't know what st . patrick's day is about ? check this out :
life is a privilege . it gets taken away every minute . don't waste your life . make a positive impact .
all of y'all making up lies about people who died in the boston marathon bombing
my president is black . my twitter is blue , im voting for obama ! t f mitt romney gone do ?
i believe those who voted for gary johnson actually helped romneyby taking their vote from obama !
this ref doesn't like england , giving us nothing .
why does people dive's when u have a chance to score ?#england
the latest : pakistan's sharif visits french embassy to condemn attacks on paris
following attacks , startup scene is back to work , almost
hmmmm as a white person , doesn't surprise me too much . disappoints ? oh yes . but not surprise
remember they use facial recognition software , they look like theyre being friendly but their just detecting threat levels
germany vs italy tonight ! come on germany
my heart says italy . but i've got money on the germans . who to support ?
slightly ashamed that i only know two of the names on the england team playing today :(
there aren't that many great moments at major tournaments . i hope these boys realise they can make fresh history here .
love getting home and seeing motd on every day .
which team you support yope
it's a great strike from nasri , but i'd rather not score a goal at and not be an absolute bell-end .
not even man city fans like nasri
it would be irresponsible not to have a guinness on st . patrick's day
had enchiladas for st . patrick's day . that's how we do it in nm .
wish i was there today . happy st . patrick's day everyone !
happy st . patrick day nialler !!* and everyone out there !
oh and happy st . patricks day everyone :)
now it's st . patrick's day for you lol
here's to a great st patricks day to all my irish friends !
st . patrick's day blessings to you
just did my civic duty and voted
happy !! hope everyone's safe and voting !!
happy st . patricks day ! double green vegan cream of asparagus and spinach soup
las vegas sign goes green for st . patrick's day
saint patricks day is tomorrow ? i aint even knoow
happy st patricks day to my irish followers niall ;) x
our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the bombs in boston .
was in boston a year ago yesterday in the same spot as the bombing ; bizarre how so much can change in 1 year . poignant .
u .s. east coast battens down ahead of hurricane sandy : new york (reuters) - virginia declared a sta
reuters : u .s. east coast battens down ahead of hurricane sandy
please let's not take ebola how we took killer indomie and killer beans . please it is seriousplease .
incredibble ! fans want jim iyke quarantined over ebola virus
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pyok0mz8ch cab terrible ! !!
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fsyhhce1lx
thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners : every year , before , during , and after south by southwest ,
thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners : every year , before , during , and after south by southwest , ev
if obama don't winya'll can stay at my place ! i got like 3 back up mattresses enought sheets blankets for
'hope barack obama stays president ,nice to see a black man with power
happy st .patricks day to all my followers (that includes you spambots out there !)
happy st patricks day . check out these irish shows we've got at !
what else for st . patrick's day ? green pearls ---
i can't get out of manhattan fast enough on st . patrick's day .
happy st patrick's day .keep calm and smoke a cigar
happy st . patrick's day ! a monday post for you'cause you're irish
first response speech about sandy was brave . he asked to bypass bureaucracy and help each other
why did sandy have to come this week ? i had so much make up work !
elmander ! no wonder you were sold by bolton !
elmander you stupid fool that should've been a goal you twat -.-
so i was thinking .. if we get trapped at sage because of this hurricane , we don't have enough alcohol to last us !
here i am . rock me like a hurricane (gentle breeze ). better yet , don't rock me lets just cuddle .
brussels attack : facebook activates safety check : facebook on tuesday said the system was put in
brussels attack : facebook activates safety check : facebook on tuesday said the system was put in use within ho
happy st patrick's day , heathens . you know what to do ..
happy st patricks day , i hold no rugby grudges !
add excruciatingly slow speeds on t-mobile and this is the real experience at
kasabian is playing pretty well . they kind of have a anthemic feel on every song atm .
was so biased on sunday it was hilarious ! bojo killed him tho !
i've supported greenpeace , foe and the wildlife trust in the past , but no more .
happy saint patricks day . good thing i'm irish .
anyways , happy st . patrick's day .
lol thing is i may not have voted romney .
i'm scared for the us because of romney and i'm canadian
a happy st . patricks day to all ! may not be a pot 'o gold but definitely !! for $6
happy st .patrick's day coffee fans !
armed and ready for canvassers ? download a summary of the commitments needed on agriculture and rural issues
visiting this summer ? stay in comfort hotel holberg bergen :
((elb)) earthquake in nepal : from instagram user
today , i give all my thoughts and all my support to the nepal , i'm so sad
while we prep for saints game , hope those along east coast get out of way . already 1 -2 feet of water in parts of ocean city , md .
chargin ' up this new battery i just bought . then chargin ' up the old battery too just in case lol .
sending out my prayers for the people in paris . may those innocent people rest in peace .
here are sum paris embassy helpline numbers .be safe alert ! our prayers are with the ppl of paris . //t.co/pk6xjehsqj
why is it that facts seem to not fit into your narrative of police oppression in ?. that's where riots looting is
community organizer in chief ..#ferguson needs you bruh !!! lmao
happy saint patricks day ! stay safe out there , everyone !
happy st . patrick's day ! please be safe ! k
did you hear about boston louis ?
i just want all the details to be released about boston so i'm not jumping to conclusions .-.
germanwings staff refuse to fly forcing airline to cancel flights after crash : a number of ger
germanwings staff refuse to fly forcing airline to cancel flights after crash : a number of via
happy st . patricks day to all of my friends in ireland ! i must return to perform
and bob beckel . happy st . patrick's day !
great ek evening ! my fav teams
russia were good but look weak defensively !
well we're still an abominationi mean obama-nation
even conservative commentators in au are saying obama has a mandate
i kinda felt like his wrs let him down , not that i'm upset about a patriots lossi was just hoping for a good game .
giants have it - great ads - liked the host promo
here are some and ridiculously irish men to make your a very happy st . patrick's day !!
i'm irish and it's st . patricks day . lol
yare how to prevent ebola infection - the guardian : sydney morning heraldhow to prevent ebola infectionth yare
how to prevent ebola infection - the guardian : sydney morning heraldhow to prevent ebola infectionthe guardianit finally dawned on th
hurricane sandy .. nuest you really jinxed the world
social media follow hurricane sandy's destructive path up the east coast - usatoday .
ny after sandy : a tale of two cities : today there are two types of new yorkers : those with power and those hunke
ny after sandy : a tale of two cities : today there are two types of new yorkers : those with power
sandy shuts down the s .s. badger .
last 24 hrs : 33 died in hurricane sandy . over 3800 children dead from pneumonia , 2200 + from diarrhea , 1800 + from
st . patrick's day at nyc ii
st . patrick's day was created in america to celebrate a welshman who helped crush the native religions .
happy st patricks day !! dont get pregnant
happy st . patrick's day ! bo fitness
st patrick's day at slim jims via
st patrick's day in savannah though . wow !
did you see rupert's comment on ? nutter
the sydney crank gunman is known to authority . i question why he was released under what program he was put under ?
you win , st . patrick's day .
yes , my name is patrick , i have some irish in me , would you like some in you ?
rumor patrol : no , a snake in a bag did not cause ebola
rumor patrol : no , a snake in a bag did not cause ebola : the largest outbreak in history is giving
what the hell is st .patricks day even for
wait tomorrow is st patricks day oh
i did today - servers were down b /c of . your resources were invaluable - thank you !! and for the bday wishes too .
why am i eating more ? i hate you , sandy !
happt st patricks dayposts u a blanket
in my coffee and for lunch . what to have for dinner :d
my prayers are out to all the people stuck in the hurricane up in the northeast .
bahahahahaha apparently that's what's happening big ass hurricane -_-
thank you for the coverage . it helped that i followed the story , and enjoyed getting notifications of new updates .
hurricane sandy - gangnam style (official video )
if the economy isn't better under president obama why are there new housing start ups every where i look ?
obama wins if he gets ohio , virginia or florida . romney wins if you believe all state polls are biased strongly towar
several people killed by masked gunmen at paris office of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo ~ witnesses
bbc : several people killed by masked gunmen at paris office of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo , eyewitnesses say
what the fuckkk there was a huge snow storm last year on my birthday and now were going to have a fucking hurricane on my birthday
ok wat is up wit hurrican sandy
when you go to the voting booth tmw , think about this : hurricane sandy . that happened under the obama administration . vote romney
no , i think he can take all the credit for that himself . nov . 4 : did hurricane sandy blow romney off course ?
remember these individuals when you vote next .
i remember to remember every day . every . day .#neverforget 9 /11 paris .
tomorrow is st . patrick's day and my brothers turning 21 ..
thank you all for a great start to st . patrick's day ! live music at 2 pm today centerline ! then tomorrow st .
we're as ready as we can be sandy
uhh hurricane sandy , is there any way you can turn into a snowstorm for a little bit , come to custer , sd , and destroy our school ??
when says he can't go out on st patricks day cause he has no money
great job to our kokonuts on st . patricks day !
is that all we are getting of the hurricane ? i feel like it was just a thunderstorm here .
usa : destructive echoes of hurricane sandy : 30 de octubre de 2012, 09 :49washington, oct 30 (prensa latina ) nea
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at allen's flowers plants .
happy st . patrick's day ! feeling lucky ?! check out the !
hope you all have a great saint patrick's day .
happy st .patricks day my babe and good morning 3
andreas lubitz , germanwings co-pilot , appeared '100 percent flightworthy ,' airline says : the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525, whi
andreas lubitz , germanwings co-pilot , appeared '100 percent flightworthy ,' airline says
u be careful over there young lady !
there's gonna be some flares going off tonight at . chiles will be gannin mental in the studio
at least 8 dead in nepal chopper crash : us defence chief
at least 8 dead in nepal chopper crash : us defence chief : eight people - six us marines and two nepalese
all the time ( paris attack ): via
some people be tweeting like they were in paris when the incident occurred
ok , cool .. is sandy gone now ?
wonder how bikini bottom feels about it being called hurricane sandy
just awful . . please donate if you can .
bhutan donates usd 1 m for relief efforts in nepal . usa commits usd 1 m for the same cause .
american secret aka the band were awesome here at thank you ifc . your boys are all jolly splendid chaps .
? you seen my boy tito lopez before him ?
from jay-z rocks sxsw at amex twitter event [pics]: jay-z performs at sxswa via
jay-z rocks sxsw at amex twitter event [pics]: jay-z performs at sxswa sea of cam
the hypocrisy behind one of most vocal backers .
is it not the eu regulations on energy production that has stopped our steel production and eu rules that stop us from its rescue ?
the latest : merkel says paris attack assaulted basic values - chron .comthe latest : merk
the latest : merkel says paris attack assaulted basic values - new york times : the news internationalthe latest
brexit warnings and brussels arrest : health and terrorism are invoked as reasons why britain s
brexit warnings and brussels arrest : health and terrorism are invoked as reasons why britai
*insert st .patricks day tweet here *
my teacher is going to far with tgis st . patrick's day ..
i've seen real devastation from a hurricane and sandy wasn't shit . so what you lost power boohoo .ppl here have lost everything ! from storms
post sandy : mortgage bankers and brokers at a 'standstill' in parts of ny-nj-ct .
sxsw 2012 : for rising artists , many roads to austin : there are over 3,000 bands at south by southwest this year .
sxsw 2012 : for rising artists , many roads to austin : there are over 3,000 bands at south by sou
feeling these hurricane affects rn went from 80 and sunny to like 60 and windy and gloomy
over thirty power trucks on a mission to save virginia from sandy
catastraphy rap news rappers send prayers to paris - thierry chesnot /getty images
prayers to paris . terrible situation . god bless .
obama has not focused on africa as many expected , unconscious recognition that africa needs to stand
mitt romney to campaign on election day in ohio and pennsylvania : mitt romney has added two last-minute stops in
wonderful news ! well done my american friends for re-electing obama in what was a choice between sanity /fairness deluded lies .
if only im in america ,i would vote for obama :)
ill winds whirl around two white house rivals via superstorm sandy is spin doctor's wet dream ..
where ever sandy blows you
that's basically what he's doing . .
obama and the boss - parallel careers - both used to playing full stadiums ..tonight both playing to half empty stadiums
does anybody believe santorum is voting for romney
if romney wins tuesday . . grr ready to pick you're slave names
i just found out about hurricane sandy xd
look its hurricane sandy lmao
[ap] nepal shuts airport to big jets ; more bodies found
i wish for good helth for tragedy who faced in nepal
so obama won and my dad went on a hunting trip today so he has all of his guns and i'm not gonna lie i'm pretty worried
why does no one like obama ? thought he was the man for the job
obama , romney ignore sore throats , fatigue to campaign
obama , romney ignore sore throats , fatigue to campaign : nov . 4 - u .s. president barack obama and republi
lit at frankies on a monday happy st patricks day !!!
great hash recipe for your leftover corned beef !
runners east of massachusetts avenue directed to boston common . runners west of massachusetts avenue directed to kenmore
my prayers go out to those affected by the tragedy in boston
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4skh4oawqf
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jj1fkb6hep
nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing us marine helicopter in mountains : nepal's army says
: nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing us marine helicopter in mou via
feelen calm and relief !! so thankfull for another day at life !! thank god for r president barack obama !! :)
congratulations to barack obama . pls play me any track from buky . we dey feel una for benin city .
i am proud of mitt romney . he is a true american hero . his father would be very proud of the campaign he waged . he
if i go to america i want to send a letter to barack obama just to see if he sends one of his fab replies
wonder if jordan was on the jersey shore when sandy came
hurricane - superstorm sandy aftermath aerial video of devastation in new york , new jersey
hold up , did you say hampsterham or coney island , because one of those is underwater right now
why do sign language interpreters look so animated ?: as hurricane sandy approached new york city , mayor michael
obsessed and wish i'd followed this more closely before tonight . first declaration due soon
watching bbc election without dimbleby feels weird .
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at burke advertising !
happy st . patrick's day to all who celebrate it ! i hope it is blessed !
i've never been to europe , but now i won't have to
..and so the antichrist will be a man and will have a well spoken voice . - daniel 7 :24-25
happy st patrick's day ! still there jen !!
view from barranisky avoca . happy st patricks day !
its pretty shit how everyone notices pirlo now ? hes been doing this for years ! not many people know about the other leagues
what is this ! pls kill off the game !
i'm guessing this hurricane could be the worst one in lowell
hurricane sandy hasn't had the d in a moment that's why she bouta fuck up our side of our country .
haha okay . i'm not arguing about this because i'm not the only one who voted for him . romney didn't lose by much . just saying
its all fun and games until obama's side chick pop up . . .
anyone in the community interested in helping ct check out
for that matter anyone interested in helping out ct check out
they probably have some st .patricks day sales
i honestly just realized its st patricks day
i'm great actually even tho sandy fucked up my mojo
aw shit now . look what hurricane sandy blew in javonwhite lmao
terrible winds . seeing sandy and nilam , i think we have to take mayan calendar more seriously :-)
the moon and stars are out no more sandy
i added a video to a playlist key peele : obama loses his sh *t
need to get out tomorrow and vote for .i know 4 years of mitt would be funny but the world may never recover .#obama2012
hurricane names are chosen from a list that alternates between male female
excellent . a city of light and a city of darkness : how sandy created two manhattans
obama won so that means we ain't got to twerk for our tuition
is obama guilty of war crimes and treason by gifting libya to al qaeda ? are we having a fake or real trial ?
prayers for our ecuadorian students here at cave hill as they go through this difficult period .
sending our thoughts to as death toll rises to 233 .
rob jones , i think , , very , very good .
bravo for voicing an opinion today , a big decision . whichever way it goes , good on you both .
while imprisoned mahmoud sarsak can't even watch the games , gilad shalit is now .covering the nba finals ?
no wonder why robben walked off the pitch like he just shit himself at the end of the first half , he nearly scored an own goal !
for paris , please help make this go viral via
paris attacks spark hashtag in an outpouring of
still taking recommendations for places to watch in east or
i thing the referees in aren't fair with the countries that face the crisis ..like my country ,ireland,spain -.- bitches
jiwa mines and miner big banks waive fees in hurricane sandy aftermath : new york (reuters) - major u .s. banks , i
big banks waive fees in hurricane sandy aftermath : new york (reuters) - major u .s. banks , includi
can't believe we missed the sxsw
so kanye's at sxsw too ?!?! next yearno debate about it .
ah did you go to sxsw ?!
what asap guys got hurt at the sxsw
happy st patricks day holla at the redheads
dublin's st . patrick's day festivities in photos
st patricks day parade woooo
damn it's st . patricks day already ???
my st . patrick's day will be 'green' alright .
st . patrick's day , pediatric er , 3 -yo, stitches , lots of green .
i felt the same way !! 25 years in florida and nothing , 2 months in nyc and i am evacuating for a hurricane .
i am prepared for the hurricane ! see you all tuesday . :)
fuck hellas ! greece vs czech republic
this is an important game for both greece and the czech republic . whichever team loses is basically out of the tournament .
happy st . patrick's day !!! found this one in the archives !
happy st . patricks day from sun valley , idaho !
update : sydney siege marks rise of extremism down under
anything to spread islamophobia . the sydney terrorist is an amateur btw , he did it to get his son out of jail
forgot to say it earlier but happy st patricks day
why are asians celebrating happy st patricks day ?? harramies .
yo fuck celebrating today , the real st . patricks day is tomorroww for birthday
r5 i hope your having a wonderful st patrick's day !!
happy st . patrick's day ! to all those celebrating , safety happiness !
happy st . patrick's day !! you better be wearing green today !
epic hurricane is epic : hurricane sandy will likely cause 16 -foot to 22 -foot waves on lake michigan . (
epic hurricane is epic : hurricane sandy will likely cause 16 -foot to 22 -foot waves on lake
the explosion in boston is tragic for sure and so is every day in .. pray for humanity !
our thoughts and condolences are for those affected by the terrible explosion in today .
in sandy's wake , businesses scramble to open
sandy was nice enough to leave me a present
i'm really surprised that crazy ass nancy grace hasn't found a way to connect 'frankenstorm sandy ' to 'tot mom '. :p
luckily the philly area was spared , but these pictures tell so much . thoughts with everyone hurt by the hurricane .
patrick young looks like a greek god
yummy st . patrick's day food .
thanks god ,my deep condolance 4 nepal india i hope everything will gonna be ok ,i really can feel's that :'(
i want to go to nepal now
i liked that clint eastwood commercial much better when he was eminem .
so clint eastwood is playing eminem this year
it's so weird that the whole social mediathe towers about paris ,while i'm typing this now there is thousands of ppl dying in other countries
love from both supporters for paris .
so many shows today and we're interviewing today . woohoo !
major shout to and putting in work down at . salute fellas !
watch : deadly blast in pakistan : an explosion in lahore , pakistan has killed at least 63 people and (via
watch : deadly blast in pakistan : an explosion in lahore , pakistan has killed at least 63 people and injur
everyone that called cole soft , were y'all on the ground in ? no , oh ok .
so begins another day of craziness not around the world but right here in america .
iniesta wud kill dese italian defenders yuh !!
what spot to get a frederick for spain .
staying with upsets , portugal 1 -0 germany .
kinda want denmark and portugal to advance from group of death
walid phares : the obama administration is fooling the american public - : via
romney stands for everything i stand against . please i hope no one votes for him .
it's st . patrick's day i couldn't care less
happy st . patrick day everyone ! don't forget to wear green and have some fun .
man describes how police in ferguson arrested him for smoking cigarette in his parked car after curfew
how mentions of spread on twitter /via
obama wins (again!) how we feelin '?
mitt romney - silver fox . but obama knows how to bust a move - clear winner .
my thoughts and prayers are with all who have been (and still are ) affected by sandy !
we hope all is well with our fb fam after the storm and send our prayers out to those affected by hurricane sandy . god bless .
karl marx friedrich engels predicted how the proletariat would revolt .we don't get to act surprised when it happens ..#ferguson
i understand the protesting but i don't understand the looting we giving them a reason to shot now ,
and we hope everyone has had a wonderful st patrick's day ..a guinness beckons !
why are we not as into st . george's day as the irish are with st . patricks day ?..
happy st . patrick's day , now go smoke or get money .
happy st . patrick's day yooo
am i the only one who wants portugal to win
let's go portugal finish this thing
interested in an adjustable desk ? is giving one away at , check out how you can enter to win !
frank warren from postsecret . most visited ad-free blog in the world .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tfsinh7w8g
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xkj2y62baz
cbs just called the election for obama . there is hope for our neighbours to the south .
whew !! rt there we go ! . congratulations america . x .
hurricane sandy drenches the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean - reuters : new yor
new york timeshurricane sandy drenches the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbeanreuters 1 of 8 . a man looks at the
my prayers for nepal people and for everyone whoever is in earthquake prone area . stay safe .!!! (:
prayers for people in india and nepal . stay safe .
although kalpana kannada movie enters 6 th week in some theatres its collections is surely to be hit by the hurricane kvsr
new york's silicon alley makes do after sandy : new york city's fast-paced technology scene , kn
who's up for a little corn hole at st . patricks day party
fut 14 | race to the cup | coupe st patrick : via
us military planes to begin nepal quake relief supplies : kathmandu : us transport aircraft were to begin shuttl
us military planes to begin nepal quake relief supplies : kathmandu : us transport aircraft were to begin
ok , 11 mins gone and mark lawrenson's whinge-a-thon is beginning to ruin a perfectly good game already .
that's a great goal . the spain of pre have arrived . 1 -0 spain .
obama is like pringles - you put them down , but deep down you want more !
yeap we know that obama win but i don't wanna that my tl is full of that so plz
where to next ?: slowly but surely , hurricane sandy is making its way toward the u .s. east coast
where to next ?: slowly but surely , hurricane sandy is making its way toward the u .s.
four little words paddys monday night madness
happy saint patrick stumps day
happy st patricks day ! have a good one ! x
happy st patricks day to all from cae parc aviation
you people do realize st . patricks day is tomorrow right ?
happy st .patricks day tomorrow .kathleen will be at the market
will this be another tournament where steven gerrard under performs (as usual )?
good luck ireland tonight ! can't wait for england tomorrow !
evidence suggests co-pilot hid illness
germanwings pilot reportedly hid illness from employer . airlines issue new rules requiring two people in the cockpit .
'living balls ' to bring light in disasters
'living balls ' to bring light in disasters via
showbiz minute : paris attacks , amas , vergara : eagles of death metal speak about paris attacks , cel
showbiz minute : paris attacks , amas , vergara : eagles of death metal speak about paris attacks , c via
mf christian eriksen intends to stay at next season even if form attracts
so far in , we keep seeing teams that aren't rly effective and smart when attacking , altho they have great strikers like !! y ?!
happy st . patrick's day ! who's dressing up in green ___________ ? adobedreamweaver
seems about right . happy st patrick's day !!
michelle obama's endorsement is the only one i needed .
disgrace tends to be judged from the outside . the outside judges obama very favourably compared to mr .
show got cancelled cause of sandy
not me sandy =the grinch that stole halloween :(
well , already drunk some beers . so , it has been a happy st patricks day , thank you
turning green for the day ? happy st . patrick's day .
youtube has changed its logo to the flag of france .
this is all photoshopped eddie . axl's pic was taken in paris in 2012 .
happy st . patrick's day everyone . stay safe , please .
happy st . patrick's day ! darcy's )
selling leinna paris pattern couple tee rp109 ,000
which , interestingly enough , does not describe anything happening in paris right now .
nobody here knows what st . patrick's day even is
how was your st patrick's day ? did you get drunk ?
happy st . patricks day from aj o'pally
i'll be smoking my green today for st . patrick's day :)
happy st . patrick's day everyone , be safe today !
happy st . patrick's day from the lathams !!!
spending st . patricks day with kanye like an adult .
happy st . patrick's day sinead o'connor the chieftains ~ foggy dew
think spain need to bring a striker on if they want to win
spain really need to bring a striker on should be llorente
charlie hebdo paris terrorist attack : new tactics , a new war for france
worst terrorist attack in france since 1995 .
we still believe . .england vs france
england vs france later tonight
paris attacks hit home for siuc students .
paris attacks : commando captain shares details of bataclan , saint-denis raids via
behind nepal's shangri-la image , poverty and misery : foreigners see shangri-la , but nepalese see towering obstacles as they dig out f
: behind nepal's shangri-la image , poverty and misery : foreigners see shangri-la , but nepalese see to
happy st . patrick's day to all our medical heroes and friends
happy st . patrick's day . here's some celtic music to get you in the mood .
this spanish referee carlos velasco carballo . he actually dished out 16 red cards in just 19 games in la liga last
unlikely to be any more chances in this game .
2014 isn't far .. and if mitt goes to war with iran . its affects us all . but either way its more drones for us .
not that i'm an obama fan , but if romney actually won , i'm pretty sure i'm going to be in a rioting protest smashing shit
i pray for everyone on the east coast ! please be safe during hurricane sandy . my family friends at home i
keeping everyone affected by hurricane sandy in our thoughts and prayers .
at xlvi ? see cam newton as he joins us at the nfl experience after 3 pm !
if you haven't entered your recipe into the sassy contest yet , click to enter ! winner is picked monday !
is independence not a beautiful thing ,which cannot be denied ?
nothing makes my heart gladder than an english 'yes' voter getting indignant at a scottish 'no' voter
needed comedy with everything happening in boston
oh ma gosh the whole thing is just so messed up :'(
it's said there there are people actively trying to start shit in . please stop acting a fool .
when did cops become public villain #1? my god ! we don't even know facts he has to hide for safety ? disgrace !
another bombing suspect ? brussels hunt enters day 3 : officials have not said how many
!! another bombing suspect ? brussels hunt enters day 3 : officials have not said how ma via
italian fan dressed as the pope ? lest we forget that the pope is german !
hey fafa who's gonna win today's match ?:d
note : have yet to view them but best for sitreps
this beauty will only be available this wedneaday through friday and all proceeds will go to nepal to help
happy st . patrick's day from pcb
happy st . patrick's day : ilove you
my thoughts go out to those harmed in the shooting in paris .
all i can say about what happened to the staff of is that i am shocked and appalled to the very core of my heart .
st . patrick was born in britain . let that sink in lol
happy st . patrick's day ! fun night ! :)
also it's apparently st . patricks day .
italians hate st patricks day
here we go ..let's get ready to not watch that bullshit .
staff from st vincent are staffing the clinic until 0600 monday ! they are ready to provide super care !
keepin 'em honest : did we the media go too far with the hurricane coverage ? showgram .
read about hurricane sandy's impact on the footwear industry here . we will be updating throughout the day !
happy st patrick's day fans . what is your tune of the day ?
st patricks day is the perfect day to be edge
intentional grounding from your own endzone ? dumbass .
- i can not miss the commercials while i out getting some hot wings for the party
happy st . patrick's day . (thanks for the cupcakes ,
happy st . patrick's day ! everyone have a fun safe holiday ! :) }i{
david stern just called hurricane sandy ,katrina.he a fool !!
that's the second dumb thing i heard about this hurricane
happy birthday and st . patrick's day !! :o)
this is how we say happy st . patricks day at hell's kitchen
the big problem with this dutch team is rvp , snejider , robben huntelaar ! they all want to be the hero so they dont work together
that was a hand ball ! bad call ref
lmfaooo ! huracan sandy (jd): via
hurricane sandy is doing more on twitter then outside
we all condemn the paris attacks . condemn the govt who invited them in .
u .s. political reaction to paris attacks split along party lines : politics is never far from controversy
thanks to the morant bay's mac now has a total of j $800,000 to be used to fund post-hurricane sandy community projects .
thank you hurricane sandy !!!!!! no school on monday and tuesday i needed a break from college ..lol
good morning , hurricane ! popover fresh to start the lazy day of course i change the recipe for a dairy , g
it's friday , i get off early , and i'm off for 9 days !! just praying the hurricane stays out of the caribbean . jamaica bound :-)
video : police storm sydney cafe reports are 2 dead , 3 gravely wounded
so that sydney standoff is the only thing that happened in the world today according to cnn
condemns the attack on the innocent people of paris
thoughts are with those in paris . such a lovely city . had an amazing holiday there a few months ago .
morning shaker full moon already a lot of activity for st . patrick's day
hi happy st . patricks day . i really love you
google engineer dies in everest avalanche after nepal quake : dan fredinburg , an engineer in google's pro
google engineer dies in everest avalanche after nepal quake : dan fred your
how much they learn about the law or education for good life in there
life stories and names of the brussels victims emerge online , one by one
top stories 'very large , powerful ' hurricane sandy in weekend forecast - newsday
'very large , powerful ' hurricane sandy in weekend forecast - newsday : newsday'very large , powerful ' hurricane sa
the stupid hurricane canceled all my festivities for this weekend .
anywaydoe i'm getting these batteries before this hurricane . my power goes out when the wind blows too hard so i know
fl looking to screw democrats /obama again
i've vaguely remember seeing this one before .ugh to obama and springsteen .
ottawa thrown into turmoil after shooting claims soldier's life
the guardian - ottawa thrown into turmoil after shooting claims soldier's life : gunman michael zehaf-b -africa
hopin that hurricane sandy does her job so i don't have class mondaycause lord knows this exam is going to kick my ads
i cant live like that sandy
fuck that back pack i'm starting to think sandy stole it
for those impacted by sandy and need a place to stay , is looking out for you by waiving fees - awesome :
fell asleep and missed the results . congrats obama ! now what is all this nonsense about legalizing pot ?
it's like the indian media is more into the us elections than obama himself .
happy st patrick's day here in aus !!
happy st patricks day facerailers , toot be sure toot be sure !
how did you celebrate st .patrick's day weekend ?
happy st . patrick's day fuckers
happy st .patricks day ! and happy birthday danny bit of a late wish lol
happy saint patrick's day . i'm not wearing green .. but i'm smoking it .
happy st . patrick's day to you too ! hope you're all wearing green today !
trivia : what is st . patrick the patron saint of ? (besides ireland ).
just because terrorists identify as good muslims doesn't make it so .i identify as being a handsome debonair man about town , but alas
a man wanted in connection with the paris attacks and is presumed on the run .get this photo out there !
on a day like today , please be careful what you tweet and re-tweetit's so easy to spread the wrong information .
canadian soldier shot in ottawa , parliament on lock down : this might not be a jihad attack
on the news with thom hartmann : the romney campaign is caught lying to potential poll watchers , and .
i love romney because he is white .
felt the tremor of but sad to know about nepal . may god give them strength .
it's a very sad news an massive earthquake 7.9 hit in nepal
i love the st . patrick's day episode !!!
pipistrello is ready for the st . patrick's day turn up
to all my friends and family in savannah for all the st . patrick's day events and festivities , have fun and be
what a great st . patricks day downtown ! i want to thank all of our volunteers this year . our float and rock n
st patrick's day : 10 things about the man himself : whether you are planning to join raucous revelries and inge
a bright sunny start to st . patrick's day , enjoy even if you are working .
i am reaching out to all victims of hurricane sandy and praying that you guys that were affected a bless day and days
info 4 people w patients dealing w probs related 2
it's st . patricks day so that means turn up !!
best st . patrick's day parties | home - travel
two paris-bound flights diverted after mid-air bomb threats
2 paris-bound planes diverted due to bomb threats
ap in new jersey asks us to let folks know that most of their grocery stores are open and they are restocking shelves ,
i just realized going away celebration was supposed to have taken place this weekend in atlantic city .
still properly fucked off with the charlie hebdo attacks .
steve bell on the charlie hebdo attack
how did spain manage to take a penalty without 20 passes 1 st ? and why did 2 centrebacks take penalties before 'superstar' ronaldo ?#euro2012
now i dont care who wins that its not england ronaldo
anytime they say something about a hurricane in the north them fools loose they mind
hurricane checklist : water ? check . flashlights ? check . old shovel hastily fashioned into a zombie impaler ? chiggity-check .
stern is going senile called hurricane sandy katrina
im pretty sure the head of the nba meant hurricane sandy not katrina lol !
comin ' to get your candy , here comes hurricane sandy
operators will be active all along the east coast during sandy's visit . count on it .
mt in a romneyworld , no help to anyone from hurricane sandy but profitable opportunity for some to sell bottled water flashlights .
need someone to talk to during the hurricane
happy st patrick's day ! kelsey witt
since never posted it enjoy this hot mess in honor of st . patrick's day
dr . william fischer spoke on the about the need for more resources trust to stop the ebola virus .
so are we all going to ignore the ebola crisis going on
on disinformation in the internet age (and how it makes life difficult for media organisations ).
tt south africa 03 :521.#ontheedge2.queen twerk 3 .russian bear 4 .#liesbrokepeopletell5.#ancsummit6.katt williams 7 .#brussels8.bangladesh
at 1200 we will be joining our spanish counterparts in holding a minute's silence to remember the victims of
ok libs ! take a good look at paris then reread the 2 nd amendment of our constitution !!!!!
death toll from ebola in west africa rises to 603 since february
ebola death toll in west rises to 603 since february . charting 's fatal course :
my guesses before start of who i'd like to win i said portugal and who i'd think would win and j said spain .
sadtimess wanted to see portugal go through to the final
do they think we are stoopid ? missing american = dead american in brussels !
worry sexting headline , primary age problem ,must start education re personal safety , from birth formally in eyears
i voted ! and no matter the result , i am immensely proud to have done so .
whatever side you support - get out and vote , scotland ! via
happy st patricks day everybody ! hope you all have the luck of the irish today
happy st patrick's day to irish friends , clients and colleagues .
happy saint patricks day !!!!!! cheers !
from all of us here at gyro on pita we wish you a happy saint patrick's day .
hurricane sandy from space - kristal
anyone who says they will be upset if sandy is underwhelming needs to live through a real hurricane landfall . please underwhelm , sandy .
hurricane ? what hurricane ? all calm in atlanta . next stop manchester .
hurricane sandy rips the wall off an nyc building
bbc news tracker 'most nepal troops ' in quake effort - nine out of 10 nepalese troops are reportedly taking part i
bbc world : 'most nepal troops ' in quake effort - nine out of 10 nepalese troops are reportedly taking part in sear
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/9hkqb8mnln
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pki2ljwytb
rt at mansion allure !! free buffet !!! free entrance with vip ticket --- get those at
at mansion allure !! free buffet !!! free entrance with vip ticket --- get those at nowwwww
2 chainz brings out kanye west big sean sxsw : sxsw is still going strong check out the video above of 2 chainz
2 chainz brings out big sean kanye west (live at sxsw ) video : 2 chainz brings out big sean and kanye west li
thanks to everyone that is helping nepal . please keep nepal in your thoughts and prayers . every little bit helps .
the death toll from nepal earthquake has risen to 4,310 and 7,953 are known to have been injured , says nepal home ministry .
lulu's lighting an angry fag and chucking her vienna guidebook into the bin right now
dundee is going to vote yes , the most awesome place in the united kingdom , that doesn't even want to be in it .
i want a st . patricks day bruins shirt
today's st . patrick's day clothing
nbc is hosting a special concert to benefit storm victimstomorrow 8 pm .
humor during - you just made twitter best gay dating site in nnj
oh , adrenalin rush leads to bone-crushing exhaustion . today was not a good day , but at least i'm home safe .
let's rememberremind others that it is not the aussie way to victimise random innocent (muslims) for crimes of a few shitheads !
don't these people need to work in the mornin ?
maaaaaaaaaaaaaaan ! pd is still on that fuck shit !!!! it's not even curfew and they are shooting tear gas .
half time : goalless - portugal 0 - 0 germany
haiyyoo .. heart attack ! half time 0 -0
vote technocrat .. nepal quake relief drive intensifies : rescue efforts in nepal intensi
nepal quake relief drive intensifies : rescue efforts in nepal intensify after more than 1,300 peop source : bbc
goodbye sandy !!!: a beautiful way to start the daygoodbye sandy !!!
goodbye sandy !!!: what a beautiful way to start the daygoodbye sandy !!!
relieved to wake up to the news has been re-elected . thank you america .
fuck obama . fuck the americans and fuck dia goddamn election riggin asses .and for those 9 jerians dat care bout america
we all need to pray for everyone involve in boston , including the people who did this . but love the sinner
a day of joy turned into terror our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and the city of boston
photo of the day :happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day 2 u xxx
happy st . patrick's day and happybirthday , corgan 3
had so much fun sitting in with the guys ! happy st . patrick's day !
video : us states begin hurricane shutdown : president barack obama has warned americans to take hurric bbc update
video : us states begin hurricane shutdown : president barack obama has warned americans to take hurricane san
hi sandy !! please shush let me sleep !!
got my coloring book . a few movies . some food . a car charger for my phone . currently waiting for my nigga sandy to touch down
i hope the paris will recover from this incident soon
from beirut to paris , same enemy , same day !terrorism knows no religion
obama gets big boost from jay-z
romney polls well in kenya and actually outpolls obama in pakistan . hoping for fewer drone attacks ?
nigeria : - ex-senate president illegally operates secret companies in tax haven
nigeria : - ex-senate president illegally operates secret companies in tax haven : [pr - allafrica
mcleanspub : a moment of silence for ! stay strong !
lavieamtl : a moment of silence for ! stay strong !
car chase reportedly have ended in hostages being taken north-east of paris .
police chase in north east paris
hope that my friends are safe in new york after hurricane sandy . thinking of you .
romney leading 49 - 47, despite the storm . mitt is a storm for good . unlike sandy , mitt will keep storming to election day and for 8 years .
gooooooaaalllllllll !!!!! spain is on to the euro finals baby !!
spain to win euro 2012 - fuck the germans forever !!!!!!!!!!
be safe all my jersey people . i don't think the hurricane will be that badit's jersey . not an island . it can be bad still doe .
its suppose to get worse once the storm hurricane combines together
people generally prefer hatred to love love solutiontoterror
i have no idea if i'm going to paris or not
you voted to become england's bitch .well fucking done .#indyref
not just england and scotland . rrmember wales , northern ireland and cornwall too .#indyref
awful scenes in paris . and the sound of that bomb during the football is sickening .
bomb goes off during football game
not sure what was it ? i saw patrick smile at you haha
hey hey ! wanna party with me tom for st . patrick's day ?
england v france 10 :00 am , can't wait for that game .
good luck to rosbifs tonight against the frogs
dressing up as hurricane sandy with twitter less ninnlet for halloween
if hurricane anecdotes sandy is as bad as they say its gonna be the south school will flood we wont have school .
who knew ?! happy st patricks day !
looks like these canines may both have overdone st patrick's day
great game of football . now for another great game of football .
- the only time everyone decides to watch like a real fan , even when they have no clue what's going on .
breaking : many killed , hostages taken as multiple attack hits paris
our thoughts are with everyone in paris . this from is worth referring to
729 people in west africa have died of ebola since february - 233 of them in sierra leone , un says bbc .i
can we all just stop eating meat for now ? and carry sanitizers ? because ebola !!what you need to know about
paris attacks : bbc reporter breaks down during live report speaking of hope
video : paris attacks : bbc reporter graham satchell breaks down in tears during live report
gotta go back to dc in case sandy actually ends up being big
hurricane sandy soaked the baby's brand new crib over night :(
99 helens agree , a good breakfast is the only way to get through st patricks day . have a great st patricks day !! be safe !
happy st patrick's day .at least we have green salt to melt all of this snow
sparkle purple and green cowboy boots for st . patrick's day .
ok i wasn't going to say nothing but fuck it i understand it's st patrick's day and no disrespect to my irish
water rushing through brooklyn park bridge going underwater in ! be safe everyone !! xoxo-mk #
we hope everyone who experienced is safe !
l's joined the sxsw festival interview series , better check him out in austin , texas this week ! cc sxsw
i keep seeing signs for down here in austin during and all i can think of is
i love that my sister is a yella-boned beast (: performed at sxsw last year so we have the hook up for this year if i wanna go
camping in san marcus and in austin for the break , can't wait till thursday !!!
[new york times ] latest news : germanwings pilot , richard iii , cricket world cup [united states ]
latest news : germanwings pilot , richard iii , cricket world cup
cbs tearful cartoonist explains new charlie hebdo cover
tearful cartoonist explains new charlie hebdo cover : renald luzier repeatedly breaks down crying
[news5] hagupit | isolated samar folk seek help through facebook
hagupit | isolated samar folk seek help through facebook facebook user amafel bacuetes veran
tomorrow is st . patrick's day what
st patrick's day is pointless and lame
the terrorist attack on charlie hebdo is horrifyingfreedom of expression is too often followed by terrible violence
the charlie hebdo incident is much worse than anything that's ever been done to me , obviously . it's heartbreaking .
a brief flavour of the st patrick's day parade in donegal town
happy st patrick's day ! (tomorrow)pocket donny barb !
i can't wait to smash tomorrow
ready for the tomorrow ? what are you wearing ?
the killer in recently converted to . what's with that fucking religion ?
globalsmalltalk : how the ottawa shootings unfolded on social media - the guardian -
happy holi st . patrick's day . good morning to all .
happy st .patricks day i guess
eei so sup with nepal ? hhhmmm
red cross team in tatopani , nepal , report serious landslides in the area following tremor -
boy this hurricane must be something serious .
is that how you stocked up for hurricane sandy ?
150515 exo at kolon sports nepal donations event
140515 exo at kolon sport nepal donation event i dont see lay , so i only see korea line :(
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/z8hpgjvxue
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/w1x4bajwnk
did hurricane sandy affect any other countries than good old ' usa - surely not we - would've heard right ?! errmm
proud of this team , must have been horrific ! - baby emma moved during storm
just chilling with an attitude in the rv !! representing at sxsw ! looking forwar
(sxsw) austin ,texas plans to use homeless people as guinea pigs for wifi support
ebola virus : us aid worker infected with disease as major airline cancels all - via
the independentebola virus : second american aid worker infected with disease amid who warnings
catholic cardinal suing obama over health plan
don't forget to send the obama's fresh flowers when it's over ..fresh picked assortment of poison ivy , oak , and sumac would be appropriate !
is hurricane sandy a viral marketing campaign for the new roland emmerich film ?
these hurricane sandy jokes are so cheesy and unfunny now .
hurricane sandy to ravage new england : hurricane sandy is a wolf in sheep's skin poised to assail new england at
cnn usnews : hurricane sandy to ravage new england : hurricane sandy is a wolf in sheep's skin poised to assail ne
happy st patrick's day from all of us at bar none !!! have a great week !!!
happy st patrick's day from the little phillies team !!!
update : canadian police say shots fired at 3 ottawa locations
shots fired at 3 sites in canada : national war memorial - where soldier hurt , parliament hill near mall .
sydney siege : 'similar' people in nz monitored - pm
spiritual healer ?- sydney siege gunman was on bail for ex-wife's murder | daily mail online
best surprise we've seen at is from texas . check out these dudes and gal .
video : mistah f .a.b. and problem on why sxsw is critical for artists and rap
meko starr : bruce springsteen's sxsw keynote : 'stay hard , stay hungry '
if uv performd 4 the past 3 years and still havent broken 1000 .ers
who the fuck taught sturridge to dance , sandy ?
good article att and t-mobile combine wireless coverage in sandy-affected areas : att and t-mobile have signed
hurricane sandy party !! with the boys on that old english tip . rollin up that kush about to burn the house down
dear hurricane sandy , make sure you trap my brother somewhere that isn't my house . thanks . :)-chelsey
the media's coverage of the germanwings crash has been condemned by mental health charities
bbm : 324 ff166 the media's coverage of the germanwings crash has been condemned by mental health bbm : 324 ff166
anyone know when sandy gets here ?
were gunna get fucked by hurricane sandy !
let the attorneys sue me . today is the . the is the name for mating rituals . happy super bowl sunday
last night in las vegas did you made any bets on the ?
dude that shit is fucked up man .
screaming fuck the police til my voice run out .
happy st . patrick's day socal ! what a way to start the party !
happy st . patrick's day ! celebrate with an insert in your pixcase !
sandy-hit areas sputter back to life : at every turn , there are signs that storm-ravaged cities along th via
sandy-hit areas sputter back to life : at every turn , there are signs that storm-ra
death toll climbs after powerful earthquake strikes nepal , wider region : things to know : a 62 -member chinese s
in nepal plz help anybody in need now it is open
the situation when it comes to refugee route through
you see it can only be fair and free election when it's possible to vote
drinking 'green' is basically the same as wearing green , right ? happy st . patrick's day !
st . patrick's day ! we've decorated , have a live dj , and the following specials : $2.50 green beer pints , $2.50 jolly rancher shooters (cont.)
counter-terror expert tells sky news paris attacks were likely organised offline to avoid leaving a digital trail for authorities to follow
paris attacks : business world displays its support . by
happy st . patrick's day !!! pic via
turn down for what ??? happy saint patricks day
i wish mark lawrenson would just shut up
germany will not man mark pirlo because its not how there system works , they move forward +backwards as a unit not individuals
i'm really sad , why would you do this to boston ?
everybody trend and remember the people who have died in boston
greenwich high . they'll send us to school even if the hurricane was on top if us . why ? because ''education is important ''
thanks :) you're always so sweet . but fucking sandy is ruining everything . i have to go to work in a hurricane *sighs*
asian shares warm to obama re-election - wall street journal : moneycontrol .comasian shares warm to oba
i wish obama could run for forever
barack obama's surname is 'obama', so why do people always call him 'mr. president '? very confused /confusing.
obama is president get the fuck over it ! ignorant people these days ! if you're not old enough to vote than shut the fuck up ?
this government with labour at it's heart has stood up for rural communities - minister
politics : alan kelly has launched a scathing attack on alan kelly . 'you don't have what it takes !' he screamed , headbutting a mirror .
st patrick's day ! from criostoir briartach
what it sounds like at the end of today . happy st . patricks day !
happy st patrick's day ! would love to see your creations , even if they are just green :)
have a great st . patrick's day highland peeps and wear your green !!!
st . patricks day , even those of us not
i need a drink since it's st .patrick's day
our saint patrick's day celebrations was a really yummy one ..
working on st patricks day at this time should be illegal .
praying for the families that lost their love ones due to hurricane sandy god cover them jesus
never though hurricane sandy would effect me being english and all but they cancelled all the shows i watch in us so i now have to wait :(
brussels and india : terrorism will be greater in india if it moves towards european-style nationalism :
are not the problem . the leftist is the problem : stories with a sprinkling /truth erroneous conclusions .
my heart is broken for the world as we are all affected by this tragedy .
i live in the south of france but my heart is w / paris .
english people who celebrate st patrick's day piss me right off
happy st . patricks day all my irish blood brothers !
truly a : 4 month old rescued from the rubble :
god destroys , indian army rebuilds .
due to hurricane sandy , we will be closed today oct 30 th . we will resume with normal business hours starting
this weather tho sandy ain't playing
watch out massachusetts , sandy's coming !
i should just chill at your house during the hurricane . you know just paint my nails while shit goes down
dis dumb ass job gne say bush just became president obama got disqualified cuz his race he was sizz
i voted ! like i voted for obama !
praying for everybodies families thats had losses because of hurricane sandy
video | hurricane sandy | sun thru tue | noaa goes 13 | via matt noyes
i'm sending out thoughts and prayers for everyone affected by the earthquake in nepal .
eek that earthquake in nepal looks awful !
why just paris ?artist of the year swift
commit same crime like d 1 in paris . we can kill them all in syria iraq but if d home grown can get a gun we are not safe
will mobilize to address extremism the divide ? mt gcc condemns paris attacks v alarabiya_eng
female reporter in paris kept saying armed police . lets be very clear , all police in europe (except in uk , ir norway ) are armed !
this ref is having a blinder ,literally can't see a thing .
ribery smashed in the face there . but when he gets up , looks better than before
more than one million flee as typhoon hagupit sweeps across the philippines
: 'longest-staying typhoon ' in tacloban via
i wonder how those romney fans feel tho
dude someone call this nigga mitt and tell him to concede !!!!!!
happy st . patrick's day ! hope you find good luck on the golf course !
happy st patricks day from for humanity of !
happy st . patricks day to y'all as well :)
happy st . patrick's day ! hope you have the today !
happy st . patrick's day . we want to know , what is your favorite this about today
qing in st . patricks is savage . cathedral still under renovation
wall street $$$ asia stocks surge after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride
asia stocks surge after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride : tokyo (reuters) - asian stocks rose ac
police order all shops closed in famed jewish neighbourhood in central paris far from attacks - brandon sun
paris police have called for all shops to close in a famed jewish neighborhood far from attacks
storm coverage central at abc 2 newswe'll have shows sat sun to keep you up to the minute on hurricane sandy
have a great time sandy permitting !
wow ! happy st . patrick's day ! we're showing off our via this display
happy st patricks day ! honored to be an irish girl !!
the quality from sweden is rather poir .
[#euro2012] 29 ': lustig (sweden) concedes a free-kick for a foul on konoplyanka (ukraine).
tell ohio's sec'y of state-to count every vote via
tell ohio's sec of state to fix votes in ohio ?: count every vote via
my thoughts go out to everyone impacted by the attacks in paris .
speaking now about attacks in paris :
as scandal deepens , china targets offshore accounts in renewed 'skynet' crackdown via
rt : :as scandal deepens , china targets offshore accounts in renewed 'skynet' crackdown via
america are like our neighbours , now imagine your neighbours got a really annoying dog . that's how the canadians fel
the only good thing that comes out of this election is that after these next four years , obama can't run for president aga
now them folks up north where sandy hit know how them ppl in new orleans an other places felt to lose everything
i can't help but wish sandy took you with her
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/46igkpruoy
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wwsgng9avx
booo ..can you recon the line for sxsw wristbands ? :)
prepping session social media boundaries : personal /personnel policy . live tweeting in 30 min .
st patricks day weekend with my girls !
happy st . patrick's day to youamy lou ! :)its cool to hear it from a genuine irish lass . how do you celebrate ?!?
happy saint patrick's day ! or . merry christmas ? :)
happy saint patrick day from peppermint paddy :)
so there's a hurricane on one coast and a tsunami on the other i bet these doomsday preppers are freaking out .
looks like its gonna hit the east coast please pray for toupee
happy st patrick's day , don't forget to where your gree !
thank you mailo . happy st patrick's day to you !
happy st patricks day you horror junkies !
while walking to the e train st . patrick's day
did i forget to say it ? ah wellhappy st . patrick's day .
rap game st . patrick's day
heartbroken over paris . sending our love and positive thoughts to all there tonight .
the insanity in paris hurts my soul . my heart goes out to them . tell someone you love that you love them tonight . life is too damn short !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ddsqyjkpzb
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/srwjl4qpbh
good samaritans take in boston marathoners : 'you're not in it alone ' via
wow the bombs in boston killed an 8 year old boy and blew peoples limbs right off . this is sickening . i can't even imagine ..
happy st patrick's day !! i iove u xx .. follow me !!
happy st . patrick day ! enjoy the day !
when the news at the e gets more attention than hurricane sandy
but sandy i thought we were done with this
well i would say . let obama win this time . and after his run of 8 years let someone take over
apparently mitt romney is holding rallies in dem areas in pa and oh tomorrow . why ? primarily to mess up traffic
brussels attack witnesses describe bloody , chaotic scenes after airport , subway explosions
watch developing coverage of the brussels terror attacks :
european referees are kak . yeah i said it .
what a terrible decision by the referee . hope this isn't the first of many .
dixville notch nh votes a tie !! 5 romney , 5 obama !!
what a great moment for the residents (all 10 of them ) in dixville notch , nh . the first votes in the nation go 5 -5 for romney /obama.
lol hell na obama gone have the same amount of votes whether i do it now or 6 hours later ! haha
please vote today ! all my followers please go vote ! obama needs to win nc ! we are one of the states with a lot of
happy st . patrick's day ! see you soon dublin
happy st patricks day nialler what do u in that day btw ? and what is it ? :p
happy st . patrick's day my fellow irish brethren .
happy st patricks day ben !
i believe countries knew that groups such as isis were around , they just didn't know how to respond so to speak until paris happened !
we need fellowship , not leadership . thoughtful piece from on
leaders of france , germany , spain to visit crash area
: air traffic controllers 'tried three times to radio pilots with no response ' - telegraph
irene , katrina , rita , and now sandy . hurricanes are named after women coz they just blow you away
we getting the weather off that hurricane noww
happy st . patrick's day ! unfortunately , i get to wear teal all day !
happy st patricks day to my bbfl 3
will ferrell will do 'whatever it takes ' to get you to vote
wondering if there are international teams monitoring this week's u .s. elections . doesn't seem like a bad idea .
happy st . patricks day ! inquire today on any dorschel vehicle and save some green
give the luck o ' the irish this year with these fun st . patrick's day gifts .
props to all streaming in including toni w mo /ks cb jacob of
capt . ron johnson another example of hiring poc to clean up white people's mess , not supplying mops or brooms .
social media : brother of paris attackers lights candles at brussels vigil
brother of paris attackers lights candles at brussels vigil : mohamed abdeslam , brother of via
how i was affected by hurricane sandy via
thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by hurricane sandy . x
st . patrick's day toolkit : a guide to getting your green on !
happy st patrick's day .order your green caramel today !!!
stop doing what you're doing , turn to msnbc and watch president obama !
icymi : president obama is losing the closing argument
this one was even more impressive due to its angle . brilliance of shevchenko . finally after ages .. ukraine vs sweden
ukraine is on fire ! i'm pulling for sweden though
we're trying a st . patrick's day trick where i leave the studio to go live at with at 5 :40!
happy st patricks day irish family and friends followers
then we'll hear whining how they were mistreated when they get their asses stomped into pulp
- all cunningly plotted by the to distract from the fed to the !
instead of worrying about your birthday ; you should worry about and preform for the sandy benefit concert on the east coast .
hi everyone ! due to the tragic events by , i am selling my bracelets , and giving a percenta
happy st patrick's day back !
i has green bagel ! happy st . patricks day !
wowww this is so sad , they got this obama hanging at a ,shells in jacksonville fl , they should boycott shells
work harder so obama can have another vacation :)
italia now beating germany .holy shit ,italia must be on steroids !!!
wishing germany could do a man city right now .
i hope everything is fine on where you are . i heard the news all the way from australia !
the boston bombing so so awful . i can't imagine someone doing that to all of these innocent people
at the st patricks day parade in new orleans ! fwm !
why are people saying it is st . patrick's day ? it's just the parade lol
it's really shocking to here the news of earthquake in nepalrip
it wasn't that bad compared to what happened at nepal , but it was strong enough to make the earth rumble . that was frightening
happy st patricks day ! hope your wearing green !
happy st . patrick's day ! not that i celebrate it since according to urness i am in fact norwegian
western isles turnout 86.2 per cent . vote is no .
and with western isles saying naw , i'm off to bed , confident uk remains when i wake up .
so maybe not all that well trained . - mt french officials say one of the gunman left id in getaway car
earlier don't menshn : says mag name is a person + digs in deeper
happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! be safe and let the madness begin !
snowy st . patricks day . stay warm and safe today .
instagram users posted 10 hurricane sandy photos every second with hashtags
hurricane sandy first response roofing
factzone : my bets on the team to concede most total goals at look screwed after one day , thanks to the poxy czechs .
summit public house and 418 public house are showing the replay program starting at 530 every night . weekend opens at noon .
almost time !! and truck is clean too ! can't wait to meet up with the boys .
surprised world !?!? indy hosts the greatest spectacle in racing every may !!!!!!!
i think even ryan is voting obama at this point .
lol imma get you that best rapp award from obama lbs
stand up comedy show in baltimore is exactly what i needed to celebrate st patrick's day :)
why is everyone celebrating st . patrick's day when it's actually tomorrow ?
glad obama won / i can go too college (:
if u tried to make in ur industrial side today , some corners will change to hate , more than he is not with ur opin
long island hurricane sandy preparedness guide : hurricane sandy is rolling toward the northeast and is expected to
i will totally grill during the hurricane
happy st . patrick's day downtown bus depot )
happy st patricks day alldose
bbc news uk families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to the crash si
families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to the crash site i
happy st . patricks day to my lovely i love you and miss you
happy st . patricks day fools
according to the mayor , everything is great in . he doesn't see any inequity .
so how is this mayor showing up on msnbc but not to the people ?
edgewater street full of random debris . buono beach destroyed .
hurricane sandy kept me up all last night . like i thought the house was about to fall of the face of the earth .
gunna be a close game . lots of hype .
bowl me over ! never expected son the artist bendow would watch . must be the commercials ! here's his mural !
of ma sends well wishes to nepal and the nepalese community of ma .
my prayer goes to the victims of nepal earthquake
psyclone hits toronto tonight . psy braves hurricane sandy and to perform in toronto tonight via
what's causing the east village to be under water ? climate change : watch the video .
from news busters nbc's gregory gushes over 'indelible images ' of obama during sandy ; is it an 'october surprise
new nbc's gregory gushes over 'indelible images ' of obama during sandy ; is it an 'october surprise '?
on a completely unrelated note : wouldn't it be good to be at sxsw . .
this is why you're my favorite rapper .
sad friends and chief give kudos to him but we can't see who this person is ??? ????
is getting out of hand now . where'd the peace go ??
everyone has all the st . patricks day plans and i'm just over here like , i have to work ..
seeing patrick on st patrick's day oh lordy
the latest : brussels victim had urged tolerance on facebook - wbtv
brussels police were using whatsapp during attacks - it shows how efficient these apps are with data usage
thoughts and prayers for the hostages right now taken by isis in , australia .
sending good thoughts to sydney today-very scary
to all republicans ! mitt showed himself yesterday campaigning after sandy . he is no man for the job of president . why can't you see that ?
wes got sick of the boring tv options on monday night , netflixed a perfect storm good movie , he loved his surround sound , so lifelike
paris attacks : police seek 'dangerous' abdeslam salahfrench police have issued a photograph of a man wanted in
pcs condemns paris attacks - news via
billy moreno arrested for the third time for peacefully failing to disperse in .
thieves have raided these peaceful protest that's why it has degenerated over the past weeks
[cna] saf first foreign medical team to reach gokarna after nepal quake : commander : team commander lieutenant -
newsinsg : saf first foreign medical team to reach gokarna after nepal quake : commander : team comman
sandy won't bring me down !
someone in sinatra got bottles ? let's have a hurricane party lmao
for st .patricks day my beers will be in the snow .
happy heady st . patrick's day
england and france will both win convincingly this evening . am i right ?
if full of fans ! thousands of people !!! weh heeeey !!!
let's go portugal ! time to show everyone what you can do
well i bet no one expected that
the nation's on how hurricane sandy will affect voting . the two disasters i write about both involved voting
i hope everyone made it through the hurricane ok . sorry that i have not been on during the past few days . we were
happy st . patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish be with you ! in honor of this day anything with green in the
happy st patrick's day ! do we have any irish clients out there ? how will you be celebrating ?
haha fr tho boston vs gandhee lol
just finished a choir piece responding to the boston bombs . if you'd like to see this piece , do say so . i'm praying for you ..
homeless young people given bus tickets so they can sleep on board do goodrers r a disgrace
homeless young people given bus tickets so they can sleep on board
hurricane sandy lashes east coast : president obama and gov . christie preach caution - rough cuts : via
now is probably a good time to talk about change . here are some places to start :
dont pin this on all of ireland . i'm irish and i think that mrs browns boys is as funny as a dose of the ebola virus
alert : wyoming governor don't want refugees bring ebola virus to state : via
springsteen pays tribute to nj : springsteen pays tribute to sandy-ravaged new jersey during shows in ny
springsteen pays tribute to nj : springsteen pays tribute to sandy-ravaged new jersey during shows in ny , pennsyl
come on sandy . send out the big one
sandy really my bitch , she looked out heavy
was this bc they thought was a tourney for clubs , or bc they thought argentina is part of europe ?
here's a direct link to our penalty taker article - busy day today at chimp hq !
are meant to operate for /with the city they protect not destroy it .
we are losing our rights , right before our eyes
: at least 60 people now reported dead in paris attacks :
60 people reported dead in wake of attacks in paris
breaking : runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - the globe and mail : telegr
runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - the globe and mail : telegrap
fuck this hurricane . i swear to god if it messes with my flight /concert/interview/drinking i will end noaa .
who thought sandy was a good choice for a hurricane name ?
bbc news - ebola deaths mount in sierra leone and liberia
ebola deaths mount in sierra leone : high numbers of new cases of the ebola virus are bein |thedailypr
please contact us if you know anyone with connections to a company in need of a working environment in areas hit by
damn ! sandy fucked up the jersey shore bad !
cops gassing citizens . arresting reporters . no flights . telling media to turn off cameras . what could they be planning in ?
breaking : police fires teargas into houses in us should stop giving lessons to others on human rights
sandy where you at ? i'm tired of waiting .
every sunday . today tho , 3 some . sandy is coming soon .
paris : belgian mastermind confirmed killed in raid : suspected belgian mastermind behind last week's pari
new video : suspected paris terror ringleader killed in police raid
happy st . patrick's day !! embrace your irish :-)
happy st . patricks day ! this will get ya going .
this weekend is about to be wack cause of this hurricane fuck you
rt orders all ships in out to sea beyond reach of approaching hurricane
it's old news but relevant to the paris issue . refugees +who+want+to+be+cab+drivers+'banned+from+criminal+checks'+
colleague is moving to paris in a week or less !
pravatkiran : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake .
mukun_the : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake .
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients in liberia has tested
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients in liberia has tested posi
i get so excited for st . patricks day .. i'm such a loser .
so i just realized its st . patricks day
one million flee as monster storm lashes islands : typhoon hagupit - known locally as ruby - is e
one million flee as monster storm lashes islands : typhoon hagupit - known locally as ru en
wtf has a nazi stag party got to do with nepal ? i'd say it's the least of their worries at the moment
whats this stupid news of pakistan sending beef masala to nepal ?its not beef but a masala of beef flavour .jingoism at this sad event ,a shame
happy st . patrick's day from christian horizons ethiopia !
happy st . patrick's day to all irish people out there !!!! hahahahahahaha
hurricane cancelled work tomorrow nice !!!
hopefully everyone affected by hurricane sandy is ok
is officially the first progeressive network to politicize . spouting that is just about the
2 days off of work with pay i think i'm in love with
where did y'all find this women in red ? she clearly missed the 47 % blunder mitt romney said about the people who look like her
please mitt , don't let me down . please .
i have good news ! i called up the hotel my parents stayed in . they said the nepal hiking team is fine . its the godlike hotel
agree sir because pakistan is place of rop and nepal have hindus
nazi salutes on the same side as the union jack ? odd .
one final point , in what universe is 5 % a majority ??? 'love' david cameron's statement saying the 'scottish people have spoken '
sahahaar strongly condemn attack in lahore pakistan . our condolences to families of the deceased prayers with the injured ,
red crescent responds to evacuating injured to hospitals + providing blood to jinnah hospital
from mr . bingley : hurricane coming ? here's what to do : :
i better not lose wifi during the hurricane ,
my thoughts prayers are with the people of paris . what a senseless tragedy !
true . people died in paris the whole world mourned . but hey people died in syria too . :/ how did our world turned out ? :/
oh hey it's st . patrick's day tomorrow
the hype is real for st . patricks day im about to look like a tree tmrw
cbn tv - the true story of st . patrick
have a safe st . patricks day . i will enjoy my day treating all alcoholic clients . cheers .
ah , u are missing out on patrick's day over here .. you should definitely come to cork !!!!
st . patrick's day straw art activity via
everybody who's retweeting the hurricane sandy , watch when your house gets torned down . lmfao
i don't this hurricane sand is that serious
my power went out , cos of the hurricane
yeah i heard kelane throwing the hurricane after party
boston police : be on the lookout for dark skinned or black male , black backpack , speaking with accent . possible foreign national .
yo man my deepest condolences go out to the people in boston ! rest in peace to those people that lost their lives in the explosions !
arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an investiga
hey brussels was attacked not america besides our great can do more than one thing at a time ur a fool !
since obama like to hand out my hard earned money maybe he'll hand it back to me to pay for my damn gas
obama winsbetter brush up on chinese heritage ! bullshit
did you include in the sandy prep ? (canned?)
my tweets aint loading ..thanks sandy
so many empty seats in the stands at at pretty much every game . i so hope 2020 goes to scotland /wales/ireland!! no empty seats !
croatia playing in their trademark checker board shirts . surely the best in international football ?
kiss-a-ginger day aka st . patrick's day tomorrow , whaddup !
it's saint patrick's day but there's still class
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at embroidme ottawa !
here's to everyone having a safe and happy st . patrick's day ! cheers !
everyone instantly becomes irish on st patricks day .
st . patricks day just got better . what up tech n9ne !
so amazing to see kids at the jcc baking cookies for the kids that are stuck in the shelters due to . what a !
10 /31/2012 - after sandy , east coast kids need a 'plan b ' for halloween : in the aftermath of hurricane sandy ,
i subconsciously wore green todaynot knowing it was st . patrick's day . [then i got to work and realized everyone had on green .]
does anyone even remember it's st . patricks day ?
and i believe that obama is the best thing that has ever happened to america ok
fuck all you pore broke dick livin off obama ass mother fucks haha
meanwhile_gadgets !: spectacular video of hurricane sandy from the international space station
gizmodo - spectacular video of hurricane sandy from the international space station : the interna
shares plane with 148 on board crashes in southern france : germanwings flight by
plane with 148 on board crashes in southern france : germanwings flight with at least 142 passenger
euro 2012 : dutch must go for it vs . germany messi news
2 hours to go - denmark vs portugal ..
cannot get over the news that the co-pilot of the germanwings flight deliberately locked out pilot forced the plane to crash . holy shit
germanwings co-pilot likely crashed jet deliberately : prosecutor : paris (reuters) - the co-pilot o
news update gallows humour in brussels as eu gloomily awaits british vote
reuters : gallows humor in brussels as eu gloomily awaits british vote
still digesting the terrible news from paris . sending love to a wonderful city thinking about a lot of hearts that have been left broken
i liked a video from vlog : blabbing on my son's 21 st b-day the paris tragedy
happy st . patrick's day from your gal emma . cu porch today .
happy st . patrick's day ! listen to a modern irish ballad about annie moore , the first immigrant thru ellisisland , at
you know what i hate the most about ? my shipping for assassin's creed iii will be delayed .
perfect sandy storm cocktail list : hurricanes , sex on the beach shooter , long island ice tea , a manhattan , and finally a
i'm sort of completely afraid of how that sentence is going to end tonight .
police ramping up to move in gas masks being put on bottles thrown .
a guy in my sunday school class informed us that a serious holiday is unjustly overshadowed by st . patrick's day .
well st . patrick's day is tomorrow and i don't think i have anything green to wear
bbc crisis meeting as ebola toll rises
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an e
poll-trump skyrockets after paris attacks /americans want strong leader
'screw them , we have champagne ': charlie hebdo replies to paris attacks via
i know thanks so weird we have to go through this again like last year only this time its a hurricane . thanks
happy halloween ! hurricane ! ballroom for grace jones w / 45 others )
the star tonight in honor of those killed in friday's terrorist attacks in paris .
new on : sending agents to france as part of response .
best way to spend st . patricks day is clearly at the beach .
ugh oh . happy st . patricks day !
keep hearing more more awful news about the boston marathon
updated :: daily dot | in wake of boston tragedy , google launches person finder via
5 reasons to question the official story of the 'sydney siege ' another secret op , gen up fear . obama .
author : govt . unable to tackle terrorism
if you vote romney , we aren't friends .
u really bout to vote for mitt tho ?
happy 17 th birthday to my son ryan . an irishman born on st . patricks day :)
lol parades starting in a few hours :d happy st .patricks day .
mashable australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prime minister
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prime via web
3 sighs practically in unison around me as we take calls saying we're biased for romney calls saying we're biased for obama .
saw a romney sign , stopped my car , pulled it out of the ground , threw it in the street . expressing my freedom of throwing romney signs !
fbi's comey : we're not aware of any credible paris-style attack here : pthe united states
fbi's comey : we're not aware of any credible paris-style attack here : p
so in my opinion , it was the ira that bombed boston
live : authorities update on yesterday's boston marathon explosions :
where are some great places to celebrate st . patrick's day ?
if you're not irish and celebrating st patricks day , please stop .
so obama got this lil shit !
as a sitting president , barak obama enjoys a lot of publicity .
thank you usa for not bringing in the a-hole that is romney and his a-hole support trump . hurray for obama !
also : obama rocked the fuck out of that speech . reminds me why i liked him in the first place .
sxsw will provide sriracha , bring cholula
on route to austin for . didn't know they have wifi on the little (aka oh god please don't crash ) planes now , nice .
update 2 -transcanada mulls new oil line , no damage from sandy - reuters : cbc .caupdate 2 -transcanada mulls new oi
right back tomorrow with more of hurricane sandy
another republican benefiting from obama .
congradulations to obama !!! its snowing out , it looks pretty .. but its cold as shit
like i said in the morning , ronaldo will score .
poland 1 greece 1 : the dortmund trio | with a match report stats from the opener !
happy st . patrick's day , h !
happy st patrick's dayy !!! :d
yey . me special , small pleasure in life , nothing like fast tracked registration .
we're at the airport ready to zip off to interactive ! want a blogmutt sticker ? find us over the next several days .
boston hospitals scramble to care for wounded after blasts - reuters : san francisco chronicleboston hospit
: boston hospitals scramble to care for wounded after blasts - reuters : san francisco chronicleboston hos
obama says punish r enemies and get revenge .his brain says they will get revenge .obama is not 4 all the people
if barack came out and threw up the roc , i'd go vote twice tho lol
today it's st patricks day ! let's get this trending xx :)
happy st patrick day fuck faces !
and i just came at kelly clarkson at the
ok kelly clarkson ! i liked it !
pinch lol ! happy st patrick's day !
happy st patricks day from my favourite frog :-) lol
keep praying for those affected in boston .
sending our love and healing thoughts to everyone affected by the terror in boston .
so sad about paris , it's truly awful . i pray for the families affected and for peace . god bless them
unless madrid , london paris fortunately berlin rome have avoided a big terrorist attack so far , germany and italy practises to study ?
thanks radu . happy st . patrick's day to you too !
morning everyone , happy st patricks day from dublin
happy st patricks day everyone ! come join us today for some guinness and jameson ! we are open at 10 :30 to get the day started !
try one of these fun craft ideas with your little leprechauns :
please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!! via
new post : lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips
via rtoday nepal earthquake : death toll passes 7,000, almost no hope of survivors : the death toll after
nepal earthquake : death toll passes 7,000, almost no hope of survivors : the death toll after th
lets see how many parties they finna throw in the clubs for reelection .
ill stay and watch obama fail for the next 4 years !
oh this is to stupid funny now . can we boot the ref ?
flipping stupid cheating spanish referee
pm to hold brussels emergency meeting : david cameron will chair an emergency m
pm to hold brussels emergency meeting : david cameron will chair an emerg
everybody a little irish today , happy st patricks day everyone !
to all my fellow irishmen , happy st . patrick's day . bottoms up !!
we are as told by those who are opposed to helping these refugees - a country based on christian values -
to go pick up arms and fight for their people in their country . cowards !
hurricane sandy is comin to get you
sandy is just like irene just trying to get intention .you ain't got nothing on me screw you
why is every st patricks day fucked up for me
just preparing little st patrick's day gifts for those who are visiting dr nick tomorrow at spring hill and who
i didn't know people take st . patricks day serious
it's st patricks day today too what the fuck anything else
president obama , chris christie make show of unity in tackling hurricane sandy cleanup : president barack dk
at daily kos : president obama , chris christie make show of unity in tackling hurricane sandy cleanup
egyptair hijacking brings country's airport security back into focus : the hijacking of an egypta
egyptair hijacking brings country's airport security back into focus : the hijacking of a via
tv : 2 dead , 100 injured in bangladesh from nepal quake (arizona daily star ): share with friends : | | top new
: tv : 2 dead , 100 injured in bangladesh from nepal quake (arizona daily star ): share with friends : | |
us noaa predicts hurricane sandy will 'show pressure solutionswell byond what has ever been observed near the new jersey /newyork coast '
day 2 : a leaf dies . i was told this would happen , but added to a cocktail of caffeine and hurricane dread , it stings .
how to live in peace and there kill my children every day !#israelunderfire#israelunderattack#gazaunderattack
dear imran khan , plz ask tell your in laws to stop killing palestinians
hurricane sandy death toll rises to 58 - ksn-tv
red sox-related halloween costume story :
one of us likes st . patrick's day
what if the plane is just protesting st . patrick's day
sending all my love to people in nepal :(
the ancient bhimsen tower in kathmandu has collapsed - thousands are buried , killed or injured in nepal's capital .
four more years of also means 4 more of !
bring on the nor'easter . this makes it all bearable .
happy saint patricks day ,from j .patrick monaghan .
but its patrick so wouldnt it be pattys
glitch in operating system at paris orly international airport grounds planes , report says
pray for paris but are you really praying
barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields grim results : i via
ny times (usa) barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields gri
have we done any good in the world today ? let's stop and pray for those who affected by the events in boston .
that's terrible what happened in boston ! it's some sick ass people out there smh
left my house when its sunny . turn the corner out of my neighborhood and its hurricane bloomington
hurricane sandy u are no match for me !! *thunder* god please help us !!
a copy of holocaust cartoon . for those using that argument .
charlie hebdo's response to terrorists trying to silence them ? they're going to print 2,200 % more issues
happy saint patrick's day ! have a good one ! :d
happy st patricks day , will you be having a guinness today ?
siege : terrorism threat remains cause for concern , say pm and leaders
just got bollocking in news conference for suggesting a yarn on uncle 's siege tweet
aye tho , that hoe sandy fucking shit up aint she .. tf she on ?
guys i just heard hurricane sandy wiped out starwars or something !
pretty morning here looking forward to the day . our thoughts and prayers go out to all those in
my thoughts and prayers are with boston . i don't know what to say .
so , who's goin ' to win ? france vs england
watching the england vs . france game at the pub . the place is packed . come on england !!!
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ke9kwgub3r
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/p1vqoih8lt
u .s. marine huey helicopter missing in nepal while providing humanitarian assistance , navy official says .
again earthquake is coming in nepal it's so affected .
practicing tactical maneuvers ? do you know how many law 'troops' are in - cops , swat , ng ?
in other news barack obama fails to respond to the beheading of an american journalist . pathetic .
happy st . patricks day to all you lovers !!
happy st . patrick's day peeps . have fun :)
hope obama doesn't win . also hope romney doesn't win .
you do know if romney wins this , its the end of the world as we know it . im stocking up on drink . .
news 5 hurricane sandy newsjacks from marketers : based on comments from our readers , this post w
social media tips 5 hurricane sandy newsjacks from marketers : based on comments from our reader thanks
the trouble is now we still have to listen the politicians banging on about the same old stuff . how about get over it !
snp could have made a statement of intent by using current powers to raise tax increase services funding ; they chose popularity .
please rt . for many .hurricane's are disastrous . and sandy was indeed .
convenience store ran out of fresca , so now i totally know how the victims of hurricane sandy feel .
it's st . patricks day and i'm wearing purple .
happy st patricks day you legend .
barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields grim r
barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yield (#team' shaquille )
locals ready to help with hurricane aftermath : wsil tv -- as millions of people wait for sandy to hit , people he
this hurricane will definitely be bad . oh my my .
here's to a happy st . patrick's day from santa cruz moves / team fielding
go green in the nursery this st . patrick's day ! it's perfect for boys , girls and the surprise baby :
my favorite things being said about are the ones said by people who have no idea where is .
don't watch cnn , msnbc , fox , ect . stay here , on twitter , and keep your eye on
why have the paris attacks gotten more attention than the beirut bombings ?
after the paris attacks i am actually genuinely scared to do anything
happy st patrick day love , have a good one today !x
happy st patricks day what you doing to celebrate :) 3
blimey , i go away for 10 mins i agree carrie , s m (!) are the idiots . bit harsh calling barack one ?!
michelle obama comes to charlotte today with mariah carey derek fisher . tixs req'd . get one :
he's wearing green tights because it's st patricks day
it's st patricks day and rainy and cold and we went on a field trip and i'm eating clean this week so i'm not blogging
attck stretches ovr 2 days turns into a terror like situation . vulnerable to prlonged muslim sieges
shootings were an attack on freedom of speech or hate speech ? having seen the cartoons i'm leaning towards the latter
updates on the sandy meets the city ! the lower parts of manhattan are crazy we lost power in chelsea . it's kind
it's crazy how beautiful it is out after that hurricane
youtube storm watch : the most shared hurricane videos via
hurricane sandy - live from nj with (pictures/videos)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/u3ksulnosy
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bjhurnyl0n
i miss you during my sxsw experience
sxsw 2012 lineup : 20 acts set to be big - the south by southwest music festival kicks off in austin , texas , on tuesd
update : crowds grow at admiralty protest site
crowds grow at admiralty protest site
sxsw's hottest lounge with - hot pics of march 17 th | radar online - b .o.b. stopped by
check out the dannon at sxsw . live and un-cut
no matter who you support or wat u believe , you've got to admit that obama is a wonderful public speaker
annnnnd obama has done it again :d
our love and thoughts go out to the friends and family of all those killed in the attacks in paris this weekend .
cries onstage as she pays tribute to victims
this hurricane sandy might ruin our plans for halloween
hurricane sandy is big , i hope we only get the rain from it
nyc : power outages being reported already in brooklyn queens , some streets near water flooded .
be sure to have important emergency numbers programmed into your phone . here are some to know in the city of
barcelona and real madrid both held a minute's silence for those lost in terrorist attacks in paris as their players returned to training
victims of the liberal left desire to tolerate the intolerant will they learn not to .
i m feeling proud the way our govt is taking action for rehabilitation for .
is going 2 have 2 do another airlift bring in supplies since nobody else is being effective in ? too busy in ukraine
anyone at any time make this happen ?
three counties undid romney bid in florida - sarasota herald-tribune
happy st . patrick's day ! save 20 % no minimum .
happy st . patricks day ! guess i should say that since i'm scots irish on my mothers side .
goooooooooal ! level it after another goalkeeping mistake . salpingidis , 1 -1.
gooooooooooooaaaaaaalllllllllllll !! 1 -1 greece has tied it up !
i don't know when st .patricks day is and honestly i don't really care that much lol
celebrating st patrick's day through and her instagram posts .
: i didn't see the 'finger' i saw world peace
tradition started in indy !!! seriously the best ever !!!
riot until your voices are heard
swat pulled a 6 mo pregnant woman out of her car and beat her-but sure lets talk about the riots
paris shooting up to 18 dead , hostages taken .
multiple shootings in paris , at least 18 dead :(
he's got to be one of the worst strikers i've ever seen but thank god gomez has scored . 1 - 0
the german legend scoring . i love this game
and a happy st patrick's day to you and yours ! x
happy st patricks day to all our irish customers friends .
germany v italy , who's going through to the final ?
germany /italy here we go !
sxsw 2012 what day u going out there
rain , rain go away . sxsw is coming this way !
obviously assumption would have classes during a hurricane
sandy please come to brasil proj .
one direction's niall horan celebrates as 'champion' barack obama wins us election
one direction's niall horan celebrates as 'champion' barack obama wins us election : the 1 d star thinks america m
nyu loses lab mice , years of medical research to sandy : because of power outages and flooding , the s
nyu loses lab mice , years of medical research to sandy : because of power outages and flooding , the school has re
i think we have a hurricane every year irene , sandy .
hurricane sandy is not even here in vb anymore
my girl had a vet visit on but she had her on !
the whole of leadmill is definitely in st .patricks day spirit tonight !!
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : freetown (reuters) - sierra leone's top
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : freetown (reuters) - sierra leone's top doctor fighting an ou
hurricane sandy name a rapper dats better than me !!!
mt hired five photojournalists to shoot the storm on their smartphones then share on instagram .
continue sending prayers to nepal . thank you ! peace and love ! god bless you !
not just during but in handling situation at home aswell .. cong govt was to bring some law to regulate reporting ?
to support the victims of the earthquake in nepal that took many lives and injured even more , indpro employees
top link : returning to the nepal earthquake
in support of the open letter from a group of tvb news reporters - now also in english
blocks bbc website as hong kong tensions rise | via
all day event - samsung smart wall via
just saw my first baby bjorn at . wait what ?!
nepal earthquake : team of gurkhas arrive for rescue effort : a team of gurkhas has started work setting u
nepal earthquake : team of gurkhas arrive for rescue effort : a team of gurkhas has started work setting up portable 5,000 -water tanks
i really feel for the people of nepal , talk about kicking them while they're down . back off mother nature .
has been the most beautiful country i've visited , and have family there . donations please .
pray for my family members in paris
so many calls this morning due to the incident in paris
politicalbetting - romney goes into the final day of the campaign without being ahead in any of the closing nati
im really nervous for this election but i have confidence that obama will win
its not often i'm just so glad that an organisation is completely inundated
help us to raise money for syria and education programme . for click to donate : via
they need to think of cooler , more ferocious hurricane names . for example sandy makes me think of a harmless old man with a bucket hate .
lol theres a hurricane sandy twitter
candles of makeshift memorial spell out initials of , sign reads
interestingly , the most forthright condemnation on twitter is shared by islamic women .women are key to change here
to you and to your wonderful family :-) 3 happy st patrick's day
dance like nobody is watching have a happy safe st . patrick's day , y'all !
trending on twitter : united states dammartin-en-goele
we must publish , print , stand our ground
cnn - millions in u .s. on alert for 'superstorm' sandy : millions of americans are preparing for the arrival of h
ready for another hurricane .hope sandy is kind !
the skill level on display is amazing !! mls - are you inspired ?
goal of the tournament there so far poland making a game of it
congratulations to president barack obama on his victory .
a second term for president barack obama .. proud of you america !
off to ohio she goes ! vote tomorrow
my only hope for tomorrow is that people respect one another's opinions . we are all entitled to our own beliefs
st . patrick day greens by kit via
my family used to always celebrate st patricks day and now it's just like , what's the point ?
did obama do about-face on calling libya terrorism ?: cbs releases interview where obama doesn't ca
did obama do about-face on calling libya terrorism ?: cbs releases interview where ob
boom we got our 44 th president !
are we done ? obama is 44 th president ?
happy st . patrick's day from as the page turns
move up north from . happy st . patrick's day weekend .
flood insurance tips : it looks like sandy is going to pack a mean punch . many are anticipating damage that was h
definitively stuck in dc by . arguments still on tomorrow so i'll try to be there ,
lahore blast : pak pm nawaz sharif vows to avenge the attack -
lahore blast : pakistan in mourning , sharif vows to avenge the attack read more :
hurricane sandy has been canceled !!!
so .how is hurricane sandy like snooki ?
headline michelle obama is the popular winner love her !
mum just asked me who obama was
happy st . patrick's day , baz thanks for all the smiles . :-)
happy st .patricks day !! to all the irish like me , !! stay green
this green card is just embarrassing . badge pickup w / 110 others )
sxsw was sooooo much fun last year !!! i hope its even better this year !!
have you ever wondered what's at the end of the rainbow ? happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day . balance responsibly !
have you tried to re-enter the league mate ?
say what you like about robbie keane 'failing at top clubs ,' he's always been sensational for ireland . expect this to continue at
sokratis gets the 1 st yellow of the tournament !
1 st yellow card of the tournament for sokratis (more of socrates )
if you don't want obama to be re elected you're obviously a racist
i don't think obama is going to win this election ..
the on the patriots ' jerseys stands for myra hiatt kraft , the patriots ' owner's wife who died earlier in the season .
let's go tom brady !!!! let's go patriots !!!!!!
for halloween im going as sandy . wut .
like sandy . lmao , last tweet !
that was in no way a dig at obama either . just wanted to clear it up since everyone is so sensitive today .
so white students at the university of ole miss burning obama sign i mean damn its just an election y u gotta b like tht
just got back to the crib from church !! let's go spain
got a feeling spain will clinch this late
romney /ryan want your grandparents to die in emergency rooms clutching those useless vouchers ..gop/romney master
mitt romney's favourite films are mean girls 2 and garfield the movie .#truefact
which roof type is best for storm or hurricane weather ? we discuss
anyone know if is going to completely change the eastern shore line ?
mi apoyo full barack obama ( ) ---- alejandro garcia padilla ( ) eduardo cintron lets go ..
said he is he is going to kidnap you , put a gun to your head , and make you vote romney
on the homeless hotspot thing at sxsw . the recommended donation is $2 per 15 mins not $2 for 1 minute .
some guy's iphone is busted panel i'm waiting for
and happy if they get to pinch me i get to fight back day to everyone . what a horrible day st . patrick's day is .
happy st patrick's day from grammawho is a wee bit o ' irish
how to avoid contracting the ebola virus : ebola disease as of today has no cure here are some few tips t
welcome to ebola virus detected in nigeria
pool is talking to woman whose sister is a vet , got teargased
how is not trending when every other tweet on my tl has in it ?
happy st patrick's day fuckersssssss
happy st patrick's day :)may the solutions to all your problems be this easy !
it's parade day ! see you there .
you know it's st . patricks day when someone vomits on your shoes at 11 am
happy st . patrick's day my beautiful brown eyed irish girl .
i don't celebrate st patricks day cuz i'm 100 % american
cee lo green ! :d halftime show ..
aww cee lo green is so cute
post hurricane and jeff's is up and running . reassuring
new york begins to struggle back , two days after sandy .
i can recite the presidents of the united states in order forward and backwards . thanks hurricane sandy !
the real question is : did carlo's bakery make it through hurricane sandy ????
happy st patricks day i have a boner
happy ! here's the 10 best ski area activities for st patrick's day .
my son and whitehouse station nj lost part of roof water coming in . many willow trees down in area .
sandy got me stuck inside with this bs storm . i can't take it no more , i gotta get out of this house !!! :(
french press is reporting that a germanwings airliner has crashed near digne-les-bains in the alpes-de-haute-provence
bbc breaking news : airliner crashes in french alps . germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps near digne
i wish we were celebrating st patricks day in next year maybe ??
thanks you and a very happy st patrick's day to you all
romney cancels events , puts fundraising e-mails on hold because of hurricane sandy
no one take me seriously rn i'm on like a hurricane high
ok so happy st patricks day friends
happy st patrick's day ! you have to be proud of your beautiful country
thank youhappy dancing everyone on st patrick's day
happy st patricks day to u and xxx
joining all those praying for the boston victims . hug your loved ones a little tighter tonight the world is getting crazier every day .
the generosity that is coming from people because of what happened in boston restores my faith in humanity .
must say the ad was completely lame . another brand stuck in the 90 's.
i want to go see that dr . seuss movie so badly . ?
new york are the american football world champions in the same way sydney are the aussie rules world champions .
seeing as how eli has two rings i feel like he should donate that to meeee !!!
enough is enough - paris attacks - all intellectuals are asked to come out acting against islamist terrorism ( personal view )
western journalists r more interested in paris attack .
suspected mastermind of last weeks paris attacks abdelhamid abaaoud was killed in anti terror raids in the city yesterday
'mastermind' of paris attacks and notorious belgian jihadist abdelhamid abaaoud was killed by police in saint denis
irish eyes are smiling today ; unless you're gay or somethinghappy st . patrick's day
in fact , i forgot it was st . patricks day today anyway
latest news : hurricane sandy revs up into a 'superstorm' that threatens much of america's -
hurricane sandy revs up into a 'superstorm' that threatens much of america's -
viral : east coast us residents try to get back to normal after sandy : 22 deaths reported in nyc alone .
east coast us residents try to get back to normal after sandy : 22 deaths reported in nyc alone . 7
he could care less abt ordinary ppl
facts for the case : officer shoots unarmed teen in , mo . get it - nothing else is relevant ; before or after .
someone show the germans where the goal is !
good switching . but why no goal !! noooooooo !!
praying for those in paris . my heart is heavy for all the hate in this world .
when people post about praying for paris i hope they are actually praying not just posting .
praying for our family friends in the east coast !
prayers for my east coast friends ! stay safe and be smart !!!
paris terror strike is an attack on all of humanity , says lk advani
the unobserved news : what the paris attacks will mean for the upcoming
if you're not irish , and you use this day to get drunk , you need to get a life . however , happy st patricks day , ireland !
knock knockwho's there ?irishirish who ?irish you a happy st patrick's day !!
damn just saw what the sandy did to jamaica
even during sandy .. you guys are crazy
bring some home for us to eat in the hurricane ! pretzels too
everyone's going home for this hurricane tho .. is it that serious ???
who is this stupid son-of-a-bitch ref ? asshole .
and that is how the ref booked his place in hell
nepal earthquake : president ram baran yadav spends night in tent : nepal president ram baran yadav spent
thousands killed and many more still in danger after nepal earthquake
egyptair plane hijacker faces 10 -year prison sentence
what to do before leaving a hijacked plane it's selfie time !
this bitch keep trynna talk to me bout how romney good if i wasnt at work i'd go on her ass
what if the first lady michelle obama ,is a presidential candidate for the 2016 elections ?:o
alabama leaders respond to boston bombings
mr . berger , do you mind speaking to voa on skype for a few minutes ? would ask some general q re : boston bombing . tnx
after middle school , i don't recall ever celebrating st patricks day hmm ? lol
photo : this weeks fingerfoods theme - st patricks day is on my blog
happy st . patrick's day from come have a drink with us tonight ! cheers !
itish eyes are smiling happy st . patricks day ! thank you !
i just noticed i wore a green shirt on at patricks day ok
st patrick's day advise . if you drink green beer at lunch , wash off the green mustache before you head back to the office !
damn !! and yeah same here she went to sams club to prepare for the hurricane and so i hope both our moms come home early
i just need to tweet that this sandy is a hideous wench .
does anyone have some sparetime to help nepal ?
: donate online through convoy of hope keep the people of nepal in prayer during this time .
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued m .o.b
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips by roiskidgh sena quashie
from hurricane to mark ass buster
now that hurricane sandy has ripped throug
can't believe it was the co-pilot , just shows you never know what's going on in someone's head
who was andreas lubitz ? germanwings co-pilot who murdered 150 innocent passengers in deliberate
thx for your rt , and all the other sandy psa tweets . you rock !
live hurricane tracker : see where is now , where it's headed .
undecided ? look what happened in quebec
you have to feel sorry for the ineligible people who can't vote in the tomorrow , they may end up with
sean's been afk bro . sandy braking up the bf's
need rebuild your license servers due to the power outage and hurricane sandy ? follow how to at
belgian police hunting 2 mystery bombers believed to have survived brussels attacks | fox news
if obama popularity tour is thick skinned and unflappable while brussels is smoldering , give me thin skinned and angry . optics are terrible
thoughts and prayers go out to those at the boston marathon .
our thoughts and prayers with all affected by the explosions during boston marathon .
tonight my family will probably be ok in paris . but after that ?
can someone fill me in on whats happened in paris ? im at work rn
new post : i .i.i. offers four key tips on how to prepare for hurricane sandy
lol , town of trumbull calling to prepare us for the hurricane . .
audio : listen back to the press briefing on the boston marathon bomb blasts , from moments ago -
nerd . btw is your school close to the boston marathon ?
i'm at someone's saint patricks day party , he's irish and it's like irish stuff everywhere
i have really never done anything exciting on st . patricks day lol
sandy out here killing bitches
my hurricane provisions include the stuff to make the pimento cheese from 's book . but i forgot to buy a flashlight
it's like a movie as sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus
sierra leone's top ebola doctor has died from the virus , reports :
did tbt hurricane kill you or bro ass i didn't get a text back from you mfs i should off both of yal
hurricane pics are making me homesick .
new icon - for st patricks day .
st . patrick's day parade revisited
mormons assessing needs , gathering aid for nepal earthquake victims :
i am from nepal where r u ?
: u .s. firms react to brussels attacks : brussels , headquarters of the european unio via
: u .s. firms react to brussels attacks : brussels , headquarters of the european union , is an important
prediction : netherlands 2 -2 germany . the dutch to fight back , but v germany , not all the way back
c'mon germany ! you need to step it up !
patrick stump is sooooooooo adorable i want to hug him and never let go
hm . time for an outsiders parade . no sponsors . time to find own playpen .
obama won and idnt have 2 drop out of college
obama's victory should inspire team ethiopia . simple facts , i .e. dedication , support and confidence . we hope team
getting their website taken out by a hurricane has actually improved
here's how hurricane sandy will affect your life if you live on the eastern seaboard
obama time to get it to hell who ain't with it !!!!!
more great writing advice which i shall also be taking today . i'll write now and not watch obama clips on youtube
where have i been /hurricane sandy and halloween update
aww no ! i hope you're warm !
obama won ? because he eventually will
so glad obama won :d
strong earthquake strikes nepal : a powerful earthquake strikes west of ne
strong earthquake strikes nepal : a powerful earthquake strikes west of nepal
happy saint patrick's day , humans !
happy saint patrick's day ! , angeles
happy st patrick's day .order your green caramel today !!!
celebrating st . patricks day the only way we know how . old fashioned at beautiful .
unlucky shay given , got to feel for him . cracking diving header though
yeh agree , cracking header by given for their 3 rd
if i know you , and you're not wearing green today , prepare to be pinched .
why is it snowing on saint patricks day last year it was like 70 degrees and sunny
happy st patrick's day .. someone pass the guinness
to my irish friends happy st . patrick's dayand behave yourself .
its st patricks day lmao
i don't even know when st .patrick's day is
get tf over it ! obama is our president you can't change it :)
here . people complaining about obama ? you know other presidents fucked up before him ? he can't fix everything in 4 year
bought groceries for first time in months because of . was so excited to have groceries that we've eaten almost everything already
if anyone in the ne needs a place to crash durin sandy , gimme heads up so i can clean up the boys room .
i'll have a beer , p would like milk please . ta .
mad mad dash home ,now let's see what happens
hope everyone has a sloppy st . patricks day !
happy st patrick's day frank !
paris aftermath : us presidential hopefuls stoke passion against refugees : the paris massacre is influenc
paris aftermath : us presidential hopefuls stoke passion against refugees : the paris massacre is infl via
small precinct in i -4 corridor had significant increase in voters from 08, many romney supporters .
how to easily divide a classroom : have republicans on one side and democrats on the other .
after seeing the aftermath of hurricane sandy , i have a new found respect for the reality show doomsday preppers
all i can see on the news is 'hurricane sandy ' and all i can think of is 'i hope is okay ' i'm so caring
moment of silence for all those who have been affected by 3 your soul rest in peace
crazy photos from the cleanup of hurricane
that game from 2004 still kills me ! we have to beat the french
redknapp's neck is terrifying in hd . 9 pm watershed needs to come into play auntie beeb , surely .
happy st . patrick's day ! spins 'til 10, then a live set from (at
in honor of st . patrick's day . stylish notes on decor :: green with envy !
how many chances do sweden want
god sake sweden ur useless use can't draw a match for me and my bank account
another st patrick's day for the books
i am so ready for st patricks day !!
happy st . patrick's day , tartelettes ! save some green today take $5 off your order when you apply the code lucky :
guinness schminness cobblestone stout is what st patrick's day is all about !!
whats the point of st . patrick's day
i already got my fill of st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from all county lock key , inc !
happy st . patricks day from ireland x
tomorrow is st . patrick's day .an irish holiday . i'm a ginger ,buy me presents .
remember , tomorrow is st . patricks day . all you irish can come out . the sun will not kill you tomorrow .
saint patrick's day kicked my but
turnt up for saint patricks though
i'm going to the st patrick's day parade and i'm not even irish ! are u proud of me ???
happy st patricks day everyone wish you all the luck in the world .
just heard my niggas rocked sxsw . y'all just don't know how proud i am of those niggas . for sure ain't n
ugh david travis were both at sxsw last night where are the pics of them together ? asdfghjkl .
helicopters ferry injured from nepal villages near quake epicentre , where there is no love .
still in confusion is nepal pm mr . sushil koirala aware of situation in nepal ?? where is he ????
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at horse illustrated !
happy st . patricks day from compound photonics .
hey hurricane sandy ,fuck you
hurricane sandy is too turnt ..we aint got no class !!!!!
one pilot was locked out of cockpit , tried to break down door before crash
as germanwings plane descended , one pilot was locked out of the cockpit , says .
germanwings flight 9525 co-pilot identified
two opera singers lost on germanwings flight crashed into french alps . autonomous flight can't come soon enough
change is the law of life . and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future . jfk
it seems the united kingdom remains united . 'suk' for still united kingdom .
i added a video to a playlist weather update - hurricane sandy 10.28 .12 11 am
i added a video to a playlist weather update - hurricane sandy 10.27 .12 4 pm
nigeria : suspected ebola patient dies in lagos : [premium times ]abuja -the m
nigeria : suspected ebola patient dies in lagos : [premium times ]abuja -the man identified as
microsoft cues up the windows phone 8 ball : week in review as hurricane sandy started to pummel the
microsoft cues up the windows phone 8 ball : week in review as hurricane sandy started to pummel the east coast , microsoft made its bi
nervously excited now ! we can do this
i can see ireland throwing in a good old irish pub fight in this game
!! virginia beach is one of the swing areas in virginia !!! my hometown better stay in line and vote righ
not calling it yet , but cnn analysid suggest palm beach , miami dade , broward counties will take florida for obama
way to go agger ! huge win for the danes . first big upset of netherlands in trouble .
wow , huge upset . suddenly feeling much better about not picking netherlands to make it out of their group .
my heart and condolences go out to brussels who lost loved ones and were hurt in this tragic event :
the concept of a global ummah is far more visible in the west where western countries stand together as one ummah .
co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings plane , investigators say : investigators say that the co-pilot locked the pilot out of the c
co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings plane , investigators say
were all very wrong about st patricks day
what is the point of st . patrick's day ?? i meanif you're not irish
use prayers to bring peace to paris ask god to take over the situation
thoughts and prayers with the entire city of paris . news from there is getting worse and worse
happy st . patrick's day !! be safe everyone *fayeth*
happy st . patricks day from everyone here at fff .
cause i can honestly say , obama has basically lied to us the last 4 years . and if you say he hasn't , you don't know politics .
not my fault all dems are obama-nations of god
i don't get st . patrick's day ??????
good thing i have on green , i forgot about st patricks day
obama won ? i see why they predicted the world ending this year
lets all tweet about how obama won !!
happy st . patrick's day to all my irish friends for the rest , don't overdo it , because it's not mardi gras
oh , and happy st . patrick's everyone !
hollywood reporter : sxsw 2012 : joss whedon and drew goddard premiere 'the cabin in the woods ': jay a . fernandez
at session , says most people following his tweets were bloggers , with some political types .
a happy st . patricks day to you from your home state of massachusetts !
happy st . patrick's day from daniels antiques !
happy st patrick's day niall ! so , what are you up to today ? :) xx
hi . happy st . patricks day (even if i'm not irish xd )
hurricane sandy brought jimmy fallon and lindsay lohan together
hurricane sandy got me pregnant !!.wait
wayne wearing a trufkit and rockin the sol republics would be so collddd !!
people talking about at the party /cc
chillin jus got back from sxsw
sxsw music festival gets a fashion platform , style x via
ppl celebrating st . patricks day i'm making st . patrick
if you're out celebrating st . patricks day make sure you drive safe !! :)
i say we sacrifice him to the hurricane
after this hurricane is over tuesday i will have probs wrote 800 tweets .. be ready peopleeeee
hope you are both safe and well today .
it was awesome fall weather and now its awful it randomly snowed in mason today ! roads blocked and it's scary ! stay safe ! sandy :(
the johnson city service center will be closing at 11 :30 this morning due to hurricane sandy . we'll keep you
good morning let's pray for hurricane sandy to pass by with no injuries to anyone or damages to properties god
the good news is that the northeast likely won't see another once-in -250 years storm like sandy for another few years .
the day after tomorrow has come true with all this hurricane sandy stuffshit be real man
thank god obama won , now i don't have to worry about roe vs . wade being reversed by stupid people !
yo , ! concede already , bro ! america's tired and ready to go to sleep !
13 /07/14,23:48:39 missiles are being launched against ge'a ,ashkelon.
13 /07/14,23:49:03 missiles are being launched against zikim ,ashkelon.
some seriously awesome displays of solidarity happening in sydney . take notes , rest of the world .
our thoughts and prayers to those affected in sydney , australia
canadian police name michael zehaf-bibeau as a suspect in the ottawa shooting tha
canada zehaf-bibeau as suspect in ottawa shooting glad he is not american
dying of fear about this ebola spreading tho
new fears about ebola spread after plane scare
just woke up , sandy wasnt even that big !
i guess i'm lucky sandy sent a snow storm instead of a bad flood . i hope new york is okay soon .
happy following ! we hope that if you are in sandy's path that you are staying warm and safe !
found a spot on the sidewalk to charge my phone
i couldent be any more happier with obama runnin fa another 4 with us .
aclu urges obama to close gitmo in second term | world war 4 report |
abdelhamid abaaoud , the alleged mastermind of the is dead , french officials say .
: mastermind behind isis attacks is confirmed dead by fingerprints
and that's why in canada we have cups ! you can drink from them ! the giants are just touching the trophy :)
yeahhhhhh buddy !!!! go !!! so happy the lost !!
such a in nepal , scammers never sleep or have feelings regarding the earthquake in nepal .
nepal earthquake : gorkha district - vdc agency allocation : map shows the agencies that have been a
st . patricks day is just making me more and more excited to go to ireland
have a safe and happy st . patrick's day . mind ur surroundings and be alert .
i feel bad for those who got hit by hurricane sandy . halloween was canceled for them , so i hope they make the best of it .
out equal summit bounces back after with new book
jan 19 will be your last day of freedom when romney win
less than 24 hours before the big day ! romney ain't lettin obama breathe . like get off my heels already buddy !
are you tired of people pinching you every year on st . patrick's day ? do you not even celebrate it ? get the fyf
fantastic night last night for st patrick's day celebrations . brilliant music , great food and a wonderful
to all my irish man happy st patricks day :)
happy st .patricks day to all xoxxo
this is very terrible . i'm praying for the people in paris !
oh waw what's happening in paris ?
how you let obama win the state you are governor in !!?!?!?!?!? that means the people in mass don't like you
obama won massachusetts . by a lot . the state that romney is the governor of . that should tell you something .
and nobody better say anything cause i will be wearin my obama stuff
obama nd romney are 2 separate heads of a 7 headed dragon
saddened to hear about the deadly attack that was carried out in paris . it's inhumane insane . it needs to stop .
thoughts go out to all those in paris and france .
we should all get 'i survived sandy ' shirts
our thoughts go out to hurricane sandy victims . want to help ? here's a list of organizations you can support :
goodnight patrick whoever else went to sleep
happy st . patricks day , don't let me catch you takin me gold !
brooklyn castle is a genuine triumph of a doc . lots of tears of joy hope . pobo for president !
when u gettin in town for sxsw ? we met at the blind pig a while back . im already registered for the house party at icenhauers .
thanks for the shout . our thoughts are with the country and all of the people of nepal . *ma
friends of twitter : please help support a friend raising funds to get people some clean water and shelter to nepal :
apologies to the northeast , but i'm glad coverage of sandy has preempted coverage of the impending election .
yay , sandy gave me my lights back
gta braces for remnants of hurricane patricia ; heavy rain expected
umbrellas rain boots needed : gta braces for remnants of hurricane patricia
chief ebola doctor contracts the virus : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola outbreak in s
sierra leone chief ebola doctor infected during world's deadliest outbreak of disease : the doctor leading the
you don't need to a muslim to support man this is against the humanity
you don't need to be muslim to stand up for , you just need to be human , i want peace ,,please
sandy really disappointed me ..home alll day yesterday for nuffin .couldnt wait to b back at work
i swear . with all the damage the hurricane did , why didn't it take the neighbor's dog ?
happy st . patricks day !!! coleberg
i wish we were off on st . patricks day
scotland , if you want to leave the eu and have customs /immigration borders with the annoying neighbour to the south , vote yes
declaration times /predictions: 4 -6 am4 : fife 4 :highlands (no)5: glasgow (yes)5: edinburgh (no)5: borders (no)6: aberdeen (no)
. this lawyer for the family holding a press conf . trying too spin it there way they can't accept the truth
for good measure here is a case similar to trayvon - zimmerman case 2 b cont
just surprising after having lived in paris .
over 150 innocent lives lost in the serial attacks and bombings at paris . first thing to hear this morning !
more stranded indians coming back home
with 2000 dead and 4.5 mill affected , please donate to the world vision nepal earthquake appeal -
thoughts and prayers are with our european cousins over in brussels
eurostar says all its trains to and from brussels have been suspended until further notice via fastft
it doesn't even effect me but i really hope obama wins the election
power enter , power enter , power enter ohh .in respect to obama winning today
c ronaldo is the only player who always checks himself on the big screen . he just did while waiting for a pass from the keeper !
meireles - finally chopped that rascal barnet off !!
tweeting with donald : go for the killer hookrinserepeat every hour on the hour until november 2016
i am sorry but terrorism is at every one's back door . all our country could do for the victims of brussels and
thx suburbs postponed til friday !
is sandy a taste of things to come ?: we should not be surprised . that's the view of many climate scientist
full episode : gma 03 /25/15: 2 americans among passengers on doomed germanwings flight : amanda knox case : italy's highes
((eresmuyespecial)) full episode : gma 03 /25/15: 2 americans among passengers on doomed germanwings flight : amanda knox case : italy's
admittedly , i don't know the details of the bombings and planning that went into them but this is worth some thought
thank you father spoke to my family in paris and they are all safe
happy st . patrick's day ! (hinga-dinga-durgin)
happy st . patricks day . don't be dumb out there , folks .
can't wait 4 germany vs portugal ! it is going to be hell of a match :d
group of death plays today , cant wait
absolutely horrific : hong kong protesters beaten and bloodied as thugs attack
beautiful ! do you hear the people sing , hong kong ?:
news us chopper missing marines vanish in nepal amid quake relief effort
via us chopper missing marines vanish in nepal amid quake relief effort
as someone who never watches the game there were moments where i was glued . could be the start of something special
with all the mia talk , why is no one discussing cee-lo's sequined muumuu and the fact that madge can't walk in heels .
do you want to reiterate that this doesn't happen in other countries ?
sorry to the people of paris france and to humanity in general .
i like a discussion wtf : lenskart pulled off the worst marketing stunt after nepal's earthquake o
man they are their to help you .my god .#nepal people .
our love and thoughts are with paris tonight
many thx 2 your coverage god bless !
delivered blankets , tarpaulins and food in kiritipur and bhaktpur today to 500 households
hca to give up to $1 million in aid for nepal earthquake relief . read more .
your lady will really appreciate something green from you this st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day , all ! may the luck of the irish be with you (which means we hope you get a great parking spot at work today ).
all casinos in atlantic city can reopen immediately . the mandatory evacuation order for ac lifted . .
so should we be thanking libs for bang up job , perhaps for
and it's clearly not the final numbers . terrible !
my heart goes out to all the people of nepal ; maybe we could put our thinking caps on and see what our community can do to help ?
thinking of mental strength of families of rescue personnel who go into affected areas n rescue people
i'm so sad because of what happened in nepal . my prayers are with all the victims ' families .
ottawa shooting : deadly attacks force canada to face up to global terror threat - the independent
after a car ran down two canadian soldiers in on monday and the deadly shooting of a guard in
i think a lot of the world is struggling with (extremist) not just europe - # iraq
france stands after muslim terrorist attacks on charlie hebdo pic via
i saw two different people with obama snap backs on in a span of 5 min . we get it
so obama again . a second chance .
us says two more americans dead in brussels attacks , total now four : the us state departm lying to irs ? toast !
us says two more americans dead in brussels attacks , total now four i
spain-italy 1 -1. goals di natale (61), cesc (64)
fernando torres was fucking up ! good game though . 1 -1
at on the ground view of the : seriously , well worth your time .
the clever way activists are bypassing social media censorship
people sometimes think october means hurricane season's over but one of the most difficult storms for me was 2005 's hurricane wilma in miami
i love all these hurricane tweets
wasted dude at the bus stop singing pre 90 s chili peppers
omg its already st .patricks day !!
hurricane sandy tweets are my fav
classes canceled monday and tuesday !!!! hurricane sandy partyyyyyy
tysm ! how beautiful ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day everybody :d let's fuck shit up !!!!!!
i need to go to ireland one year for st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day ! our 24 th anniversary sale is still going on in the shop ! stop by for 20 % off everything in the store !
yeah ! obama won !! even tho im not from america im so freakin ' happy .
obama win ! good , very good !
i have a long weekend and nothing to do because sandy will definitely take out our power . so . if you want help , send it .
8 am woke up freezen left the window open went out for a smoke it's lightly
hahaha st patricks day is tomorrow dawg
obviously with tomorrow being st . patrick's day , it'll be two days a week . lol .
vote obama if you don't want to pay for school yourself !
obama knows sports therefore he gets my vote . i don't care that romney is supposedly a pats fan . no way that little worm is a sports fan .
watching the news and seeing how the bombing hurt these people in boston
s /o to the people using boston as an excuse to take a selfie and have that be the comment .#uhno
french police identify first attacker in paris killings via
french african colonies are going through war rn but you'd rather pray for paris right ?
hahaha did david stern really just say hurricane katrina instead of sandy ? smdh
katrina ? did he mean sandy ?
lol , good morning and happy st . patrick's day :-)
happy st patricks day and good morning vas happenin
happy st . patrick day to all our irish followers !
happy st . patrick's day from walt disney world !
brisbane woman in paris tells how twitter guided rattled parisians to hide in homes (news)
paris attacks may lead to us military anti-is escalation buy
happy st patrick's day !!! all you drunks out there stay safe .
well done to the year 2 s today ! great irish dancing and singing . happy st patrick's day !
from french government says all 129 victims of the paris attacks have been identified .
: french government says all 129 victims of the have been identified .
i want john cusack holding a boombox outside my window , i wanna ride off on a lawnmower with patrick dempsey , i want jake from sixteen -
drunk st . patrick's day challenge via
i think the embargo is up tomorrow at 7 am . on time to coincide with the sxsw premiere tonight
i agree , the production not knowing who players are and getting their names wrong is quite amateur . the crowd isn't there because of .
cbc breaking news : soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa man ran towards parliament hill more info : cbc .ca
reports of a soldier being shot at war memorial in ottawa . parliament hill on lockdown . story developing now .
looking fwd to 'group c ' match - croatia v /s spain on 18 juin . posted via
looking fwd to 'group d ' match - england v /s ukraine on 19 juin . posted via
yes , obama .. there is hope for humanity after all !
obama , romney fight for battleground pa . ohio as voters hit polls today
i still can't believe what's happened in paris .. horrific scenes
hearing about the paris attack is breaking my heart . forever confused on the world we live in .
yeahhhhh way to go denmark , wooo !!
well done denmark , nobody really expected that but they played well and hung on and scored a very good goal
seriously though praying for everyone who happens to be involved in the hurricane !!!
i swear to god if anyone has a serious statement about hurricane being part 2012 and the world ending i will weep for humanity
the worst thing about the no vote is the relief on david cameron's face . i was hoping for his resignation today ! :)
salmond . guarantee independence for scotland next time by including the english in the vote .
| how to make a super storm : the rise and fall of hurricane sandy |
make a difference . volunteer , donate , lend a hand . a small task can go a long way to helping the victims of hurricane sandy .
when love to come . fabienne vansteenkiste , brussels airport worker , died after staying
fabienne vansteenkiste , brussels airport worker , died after staying late : ms . vansteenkiste , who worked (nyt)
usually no , but due to superstorm sandy we did
omg did it get knocked out by sandy ?
happy st . patrick's day to all you cool cats !
happy st . patrick's day ! had my green eggs to celebrate .
do you see long island getting hurricane force winds ?
this hurricane is not going to stop me from partying this weekend .
happy st . patricks day to all you irish humans and others
people keep telling me happy st patricks day at work but i'm not
finance 'hunger games ' l .a. premiere : cast , crew express solidarity with paris
dallas 'hunger games ' l .a. premiere : cast , crew express solidarity with paris
i have a massive mouth ulcer happy st patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day ! we hope it is a lucky one !
[adweek] top 10 commercials of the week : oct . 26 - nov . 2 : this week , hurricane sandy and halloween vied for ou
is it true ur org . turned down food donations from for hurricane sandy victims who have nothing ? if so , y ?
itnfx dollar falls as sandy touches east coast (traderbase): share with friends : | | business - currencies new
i think it's pathetic that indian it companies issued advisories for sandy but not for cyclone nilam
i wonder what sandy is being for halloween
hurricane sandy bout to shut down slc , be safe errybody
all my prayers goes to everyone in boston .
prayers and thoughts go out to the people at boston marathon i hope the bastards who did this get locked up in guantanamo bay
at least 10 people killed in shooting at offices of french satirical newspaper charlie hebdo
the offices of charlie hebdo were firebombed in 2011 after the magazine ran a caricature of the prophet mohammed
my best prayers and hope to the passengers and crew of the plane crash incident .
d-aipx is not very old .it used by lufthansa since feb . 1992, according to
polish and russian fans are fucking disgraceful , makes me wonder if poland are fit to host such a prestigious tournemant .
. cant say i'm surprise with events in poland !
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients
(#kuuky__frez) american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola (#kuuky__frez)
'she's fighting through it ': u .s. ebola victim's son speaks : the son of a north carolina missionary who is fighting the ebola virus i
'she's fighting through it ': u .s. ebola victim's son speaks : the son of a north carolina missionary
check out nerdlocker's latest update from sxsw , a review of the movie extracted !
making creme brulee and watching a movie with the fam instead of watching fun . at sxsw driveus
happy st patrick's day , you fucken queers
happy st patricks day .. i love you hermoso 3
hope u had a happy st . patrick's day
a pot'o'gold for st . patrick's day | linkedin
my stomach is like hurricane sandy
loool i have told hurricane sandy to greet you for me !!
the beauty of life is being able to see the beauty of life even when horrific things happen .
boston , how on earth can people do this ?? :(
everyone in the path of the hurricane should head to their second or third home to safety
this only proves that science should not try to predict stuff . looking in my bible now for prophesy relevant to hurricane sandy .
nepal : nepal earthquake : district detail map series - okhaldhunga (as of 11 may 2015 )
nepal : nepal earthquake : district detail map series - ramechhap (as of 11 may 2015 )
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at mr . john and tri-boro trailer .we even made an appearance in a picture
happy st . patrick's day ..41:51 min . walk , 2 :00 min . ..9 sets , 5 lb . kettlebell
happy st . patrick's day ! may luck be yours today !
don't care that it's st patricks day
happy st patrick's day from polska no .1 csc !!
update : infographic : happy st . patricks day
donate to the red cross and hurricane sandy relief directly from the app store : apple ha
donate to the red cross and hurricane sandy relief directly from the app store : apple has added a section to th
our hearts , prayers and thoughts are with tonight .
thinking of all the southpaw bears in paris at the moment . and all those involved in the tragic events tonight . stay safe all !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pfe0mhkuqj
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sn2aas021u
news : hundreds of thousands evacuated in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears
china news - hundreds of thousands evacuated in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears
screw your silly saint patrick's day ! we're celebrating persian new year tonight !
hi patrick i'm in a movie theater
so terribly sad watching the coverage . sending an abundance of love , empathy amp ; sympathy to everyone affe
so terribly sad watching the coverage . sending an abundance of love , empathy amp ;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;am
typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins dolores , philippines (reuters) - typhoon hagupi
typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins via reuters
i am off !!!! thank you sandy !
prepare your pool for hurricane sandy
what's happening in blacked-out - a friend is helping w /similar relief effort for the rockaways . i'm awed .
apparently it's not even a hurricane , it's now called 'superstorm sandy '
video from the of shooting inside parliament .. very scary
gunfire reported inside canada's parliament , 1 soldier killed .
the caps st . patrick's day jerseys be looking so fly
i didn't know tomorrow was st . patricks day .
small rain go fall , we go say e too blow breeze . na nepal quake hit so , more than 1500 pple gone like that . darris god
thank you so much . would you recommend flying down to nepal now !
happy st patrick's day , 'irish' people .
happy st . patrick's day ! i'm pretty sure in my blood i'm irish . so that's cool .
looking for something to do for st .patricks day ? check this out !
watch out for sheepdogs on st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day ! everyday awareness
happy st . patrick's day from as the page turns
i think this is pretty appropriate for st . patrick's day : on
thank you ! happy st . patricks day to you too twinny ! x
investigators say germanwings co-pilot appeared to want to `destroy the plane '
no words enough bbc news - germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'started descent '
box of things after hurricane sandy
what have you been up to lately ? we're recovering from hurricane sandy .
voting closes 10 p .m, it's your country , have your say , get out and vote .
what will be the hashtag for cork east tomorrow ?
st . patrick's day drinking time : now
happy st . patrick's day ! i better get a cupcake for this .
we are wishing a happy st patrick's day to all our friends who are celebrating
me and my little leprechauns ! happy st patricks day !!!!!
megyn kelly gets furious when ferguson protests interrupt her isis coverage on live tv we get it !!
all joking aside but it's looking more likely they will vindicate -god works in 'mysterious ways '
who makes a hurricane page -_- so lame
i live in oh and i am preparing for the hurricane to hit .prayers for all of you on the east coast !
happy st . patrick's day ! celebrating in has been a blast ! as always , it makes me very !
happy heart-healthy st . patrick's day !
actually comparing themselves to the victims of the what a bunch of degenerates .
prayers to all the people in paris who under a terrorist attack right now
bbc - typhoon hagupit evacuation steps up : about half a million people flee coastal villages in the phil
bbc news : typhoon hagupit evacuation steps up : about half a million people flee coastal villages in the philip
on some real shit this election is all about race ..some white folks dont wanna see obama in office again .
what is today's top story ? it should be about the election 2 morrow how according to the polls pres .
leprechaun mischief and green food for st . patrick's day
oh ya its st . patrick's day well ya happy that and whatever
jay-z bruce springsteen to perform tomorrow at final obama rally : as we kick in the last gear of the 2012 pres
jay-z bruce springsteen to perform tomorrow at final obama rally : as we kick in the last gear of the
look out your south florida home window , the sun is shining here during !!
hurricane sandy may leave 10 million in dark
springsteen joins obama in wisconsin - kolo : the associated pressspringsteen joins obama in wisconsinkolomadison
springsteen joins obama in wisconsin - kolo
simple , theres a hurricane between me and target .
these hurricane sandy tweets are reckless but funny as hell
please hurricane sandy's twitter , focus on delaying school instead of posting shitty tweets
this bitch sandy better cancel school tommorow . and tuesday !
we hope everyone is having a fun and safe st . patricks day . if any ladies are interested in being part of an
st patricks day ? drink up , and pretend it's an irish celebration .
you will never catch me playing these dumb facebook games ;i only did it tonight cause of this bxtch sandy
i don't wanna hear anyone bitch about it being cold tomorrow because there's a hurricane in the east coast , so damnit ,
happy st . patrick's day !! check out the irish dancers and have some green beer
new bumper orderedsubaru is finally going to be in one piece again ! happy st patricks day to me
ny , here's how you can help boston :
with respects to everyone in boston new post : is it possible to focus on the positive ?
happy st . patrick's day from an irish fan , king
st . patrick's day jazz : going green : npr
st . patrick's day should be in everyone's internal calendar
st patricks day parade london here we come
dog last time i seen my nigga was 9 :30pm we was in the middle of the street at sxsw lmfao its 8 am and we haven't seen or heard him
how was ? would have loved to have been there .
breaking news ! declares election win for before most of country even votes !
it's election day y'all it's our responsibility to make it happen . go vote !!!!
good reads on the guardian . the menace of lies not in the , but in the reaction to the terror .
'not safe anywhere ' - three days after the gruesome brussels bombings that left 31 people dead , the concerns ar
the district of columbia and 48 states have a winner-takes-all rule for the :
love how the news channels have a check next to candidate with only 1 % of poles reporting .
french pm warns could face chemical or biological attacks as parliament debate extending state of emergency
nervous situation in france - pm there now saying terrorists could be planning chemical and biological attacks
24 years . . . happy st . patrick's day !
thomas and friends st . patrick's day at the blue mountain quarry !
america does it feel awesome ,with obama as our president .we're standing in some deep shit ! congrats you turned america
let us all just pray that obama proves us wrong . only god can help us at this point .
(reuters) ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister
ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : londo
thinking about friends today as they serve in love the people of
earthquake : massive 7.9 strikes , and shakes mt everest (apr 25, 2015 )
hmmm , wat goes with diving under a desk ? ;)
may want to suggest people clean out storm drains ahead of the storm . they're already clogged with leaves
tell that bitch sandy to go back to texas
live tweeting the hurricane pandemonium . this will be fun .
dominique wants hurricane san-d
who's lives are in danger , we got the after mass of this hurricane and others got the worst part of it . its sickning anf i feel bad for them
gusto kong bumili ng shirt from adidas . the thing is , walang shirt pa rin ! tsk ! na lang ?!
scraggs now got birchies name tattooed on his leg
happy st patrick's day everyone ! today is especially important , because it's our daughter's birthday ! and she
happy st . patrick's day from ireland , hurricane
check out my 5 point plan for coping w / today . is this a good plan or what ?
pulled out the ski jacket . sad day . but you know i'm not messing around with cold , rain , and hurricane winds
obama called bill after he won ! that's sweet
hey , obama won , it's over , why are we still talking about it ?
yooooooo !! tf is goin on dog ? you don't text , you don't put pics on ig , i thought hurricane sandy blew ya ass away nigga !
love and prayers for all who were impacted by hurricane sandy !
sandy , come back and take me with you .
great neighborhood photos from the aftermath compiled by hurricane sandy : amazing gowanus flooding photos
the ceiling above my bed is caving in over my head .. what am i supposed to do about
here's how hurricane sandy will continue to affect tv tonight .
happy st . patrick's day from breakaway .
friendly reminder that it is insensitive /a hate crime to pinch us colorblind folk for not wearing green on st . patrick's day !
iniestsa named player of the tournament . well deserved for me !
iniesta named player of the tournament . fully deserved !!!!!live wire all along !
happy st . patrick's day from me and my little irish lass !!
happy st . patrick's day from pinkner dentistry !
good marketing today by the happy st . patrick's day from our fighting irish !
happy st . patrick's day ! love , wee little patrick
in this video , the father is begging his son to wake up so that he can buy him the toy he wanted ..#gazaunderattack
but i do hope it stops for both sides ,i feel for the kids
snapshot : sandy causes 15 u .s. deaths , 6.5 million without power + apple vice president leaving compan
snapshot : sandy causes 15 u .s. deaths , 6.5 million without power + apple vice president leaving company : atlanta
maybe st . patrick's day is actually today ????
tonight has been the best st . patricks day to date
govt . officer listening to the problems of victims at gorakhpur relief camp .
food preparation for victims at gorakhpur relief camp .
please pray for the people in brussels and all over the worl
13 people killed in brussels airport ! rip
happy st patricks day niall you should follow me just sayin ya know get into the spirit (-:
some people are too extra on saint patrick's day
snopes : bible belt : rumor : gideons international sent 100,000 paperback bibles to nepal as a form of earthquak
everyone in nepal are not against indians either . i am one among them .
wish i was having a sunday funday for st .patricks day
happy st patrick day ! let the drinking begin !
sandy rocks nyc : tweet reax ii via
tell us again how union firefighters are overpaid ?
everyone get your wallets out and give them to obama . hes about to take all your money .
obama won !people got food stampsfemales can keep they weavewe ain't got no worries
mccannlrh : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
mayaxmartinez : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
makin brownies during the . yuup . football bores me .
mt i'm not watching any of the commercials cuz none of 'em are about me .
people at nepal ! i hope you are all okay ! truly saddened about the news :(
more than 700 dead in nepal earthquake - dinamalar april 25 th news : via
join finetunes at sxsw for hot beats in austin | finetunes
new blog post : join finetunes at sxsw for hot beats in austin
st patrick's day beer seminar and tasting tonight at the plano , fort worth , southlake central market locations .
gm barb happy saint patrick's day
sending blessings to the victims in sydney australia
next month visit to sydney will be tough for ushopefully we will not experiencing threat
happy st . patrick's day from bae
happy st patrick's day ! hope you're not at work today but if you are hope you get to celebrate later :-)
truly saddened by the news of the germanwings plane deliberately taken down , what could have made him do it ? :-(
prosecutor : germanwings recording suggests co-pilot deliberately caused crash : evidence from a cockpi
yes . still waiting for news of loved ones in paris , still so much unknown , and the theories are flying .
woke up to the terrible news of may god be with paris our thoughts are with them !
everything you need to know about ebolaand travelling
ebola outbreak spreads to africa's most populous country via
sandy is my girl right now
equinox gyms making employees sleep in spa overnight so we can work out at 6 am while sandy ravaging the city
no work tomorrow gone be crazy after tonight
and you walk away , those two still talking , you hoping this is the start of something beautiful .
china publicly calls for legally binding climate agreement to come out of paris .
art slant , intl open enrollment call : georgia fee artist /writer residency , summer session 2016, france , with stipend
try this one : sandy pounds bahamas after killing 21 in caribbean [a link in my bio ]
sandy pounds bahamas after killing 21 in caribbean - businessweek
i got an alert from mass emergency management via - hurricane sandy (oct 25 message )
this hurricane pissin me df off ! -,-
happy st patricks day . for the first time in 10 years i'm not going out for it !
i hate st patricks day . how stupid . people need a holiday to get drunk
update : at least 18 dead after shootings , explosions in paris , afp says
breaking : 18 dead in shootings , explosions in paris , according to french police .
on st patrick's day couldn't of been more crazy :d
such a great gig in nottingham yesterday for st patricks day
st .patricks day at the lilkim_kms drunken monkey
homemade shamrock shake to finish out st . patrick's day
shevchenko has nearly scored as many tonight as he managed for chelsea !
probably scored more tonight than in his whole chelsea career
happy st patricks day ! got any plans to celebrate ? ox
i'm not going to wish you a happy st patricks day because i'm scottish
thank you for updating about nepal
police say a total of 449 people have been confirmed dead in the nepal earthquake , including 181 in kathmandu .
i usually bin st . patricks day but i'm in a good mood
all this school work on st patricks day is depressing
very proud to have supported governor mitt romney . very nice man and family . thank you for running governor .
12 takeaways from obama's win : it was a better night for president obama in certain significa hey bro's go
11 horrifying photos of the devastation caused by hurricane sandy a shark in nj ? (not obama !)
my thoughts and prayers go out to all who are suffering from sandy
my friend mistook you for mitt romney . oh christ .
dyl say he voting for romney
did i reply to this ? probably not b /c having too much fun . the answer is yes . but it would be awesomer if you were here .
digital fashion cycles session looks must-do - will it be streamed or shared afterwards ?
you do know there is a hurricane hahahahah
remnants of hurricane sandy to hit niagara on monday : 'frankenstorm' has niagara in its sights .
happy st . patrick's day !!! i'm a lucky daddy !!!
to all my irish people happy st patrick's day :)
we really are two different countries living under one roof
robert gibbs needs to reconsider his tie
thoughts go out to the victims of the nepal earthquake . yikes .
this is so heartbreakingi feel totally helpless . my thoughts and prayers are with all who are suffering .
alas sandy has put pay to atlantic city as an option
thank you sandy for apparently making me a great wiffleball field
so obama is left handed , he has to be good then .
climate change should top president obama's list : wri .
mayor going with zip up neck sweater to fight sandy .shows preparedness .windy: zip it upstorm over : back down
i'm gonna have to commute 45 minutes on the train to school tomorrow in a hurricane
germanwings copilot treated for 'suicidal tendencies ' in past , officials say - los angeles times
germanwings copilot treated for 'suicidal tendencies ' in past , officials say .
damn the wind is like woah ! here comes . if u need me i'll be working at evacuation site , lolno rest for weary or the nycdohmh !
new york times and wall street journal drop paywalls ahead of hurricane sandy knowing when news is important enough
whatever your view on obama he's been great for the future of our country for the simple fact that minorities are now cons
these mexicans in my class are rude as fuck .. if romney was president their asses would be back in mexico !
i just had a horrible vision of romney spinning around in obamas chair , in the white house . america , do not make that a reality
if you have less than 1 million dollars in the bank u shouldnt vote for mitt romney
that speech obama made was so inspiring .
is obama talking about his family ? i had no idea guys .
why the hell is ford sponsoring the st . patrick's day parade ?
toppa da mornin to ya ! happy st patrick's day //t.co/vcs4amyxfr
: customs checks hold up relief for nepal quake victims : u .n.: by frank jack daniel and andrew r .c. m
^~^ customs checks hold up relief for nepal quake victims : u .n. |
after start to war against . need to teach from france .
justin bieber pays tribute to friend killed in paris attacks : justin bieber
christmas special 2014 disneyland paris via
a magical christmas 2015 at disneyland paris via
euro 2012 recap : congrats to spain ! since poland and greece kicked off in warsaw , the w (twitter blog )
goicos euro 2012 recap : congrats to spain ! since poland and greece kicked off in
cesc fabregas playing at no .9 for spain .i know torres can't hit a barn door at the moment but that is a very strange choice
my bad . the spain-italy kick off time is 5
beauty in disaster , rainbow shines over ny after sandy
our aging weather satellites put us at risk : with hurricane sandy upon us , it's time to take a h
i would have gone to the st patricks day parade , buuut that involves getting up earlier .
the most fun we'll never remember ! here's to a very successful st . patrick's day , had a blast :)
fine , okay , i'm staying up for . i have pretended not to care for long enough . i live for election nights . let's do this thing .
but in total , most want to stay , so no self determination
hurricane shania wouldnt impress me much though
everyone : ilthy is currently dealing with issues due to hurricane sandy along with moving out of our workshop .
crazy winds in michigan right now ! prayers go out to all those effected by
watching sandy unfold live on sky news multiview . 5 people have already died i'm ny , including 2 children .
praying for friends and families and everyone affected by hurricane sandy .
i hope that all of my colleagues , friends their families in the us are all okay after hurricane sandy
hurricane sandy updatethroughout our region , damage from hurricane sandy has been unprecedented and power
times like this makes you thankful for family and friends . its a great feeling to receive messages of concern .
pakis rape kids : fuel shortage hits sandy recovery : anger rises as fuel shortages and difficu
top stories : fuel shortage hits sandy recovery : anger rises as fuel shortages and difficulties in restoring pow
if you're in paris , or anywhere in the world , stay safe ! cruel people in this world , it's fucked up .
very happy to hear your daughter escaped that horrific terrorist attack in paris . i can't even imagine the fear .
my prayers are with the people who were affected by hurricane sandy
hurricane sandy vs . the black airbender : via
my kind of st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day peoria !
happy st . patrick's day to u too babe lol love u
happy st . patrick's day to you too !! 3 love xx
well i stayed up an watched the and madge an it was ok .
enjoyed watching the with she just loves american football !
i think they're going to win
lets show we here to win the
hurricane sandy from space . it's massive !
is this hurricane the only reason ya'll niggas doing some last minute grocery shopping ?
news : crane to hang for weeks : a giant crane knocked over by hurricane sandy could dangle 1,000 feet over midtow
crane to hang for weeks : a giant crane knocked over by hurricane sandy could dangle 1,000 feet
call for support : duke relief to nepal : via
actress manisha koraila , originally from nepal , anxious to be home with parents via
sorry to spam your timelines ! but my first tweet of the day was not spam : go vote !
i can't believe it's election day !!!!!!!!
'tis a grand day to be irish . happy st . patrick's day . erin go bragh !and what would st . patrick's day be
yay noras and yay ireland ! happy st . patrick's day everybody !
after brussels , is more important than ever | via
cnn's gergen : 'we're not winning against isis ,' obama 'really underplayed ' brussels attack - breitbart
st . patrick's day has come early at tram club . green beer , guinness , live music and giveaways til 8 tonight .
st patrick's day bar crawl /festivities is tonight in downtown goldsboro ! stop by and enjoy cold drinks ,
palestinian solidarity rally at the israeli embassy in dc today
yet again . still muslims are on political standards . still waiting for the here .
please pray for nepal ''' and donation '' one day sallery
how about tps for nepal ? could you please look into it . thank you !!
i'm praying for everyone in brussels tonight !! we need to change this world and stop killing each other and just have peace
i suggest trump read his interview aloud ; that'll teach anyone .
first upset of the tournement nd the group of death become really interesting
michael ballack is looking fit ! welcome to america indeed .
communism isn't on the ballot paper . so you're voting for imperialism and hoping to get socialism ?
also ; nicola sturgeon looked more tired on sky news than on the bbc . clear bias making her look so lazy
happy st . patrick's day !!!!!! yeahhh
happy usa st patrick's everybody
4 yrs ago , obama said building a coal-powered plant will bankrupt you . now , 22 coal facilities will close or
where they stand : president obama , mitt romney on key issues - ny daily news |
the big names are showing up big time in this match .
gooooaaaallll . . see how much better you play on your feet instead of the ground ?
i'm wearing my marathon jacket today .
bloomberg : marathon bombing aftermath : boston awakens to increased police presence
some girls think say ebola nah another hit like dorobucci :-)
btw this ebola screening process should start as soon as possible . we are slow in curing .
the head doctor fighting ebola in sierra leone has contracted the deadly virus himself
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the deadly virus - time
cities order mass evacuations as sandy nears - cbs news : telegraph .co.ukcities order mass evacuations as sandy nearscbs newsa car goe
cities order mass evacuations as sandy nears - cbs news : telegraph .co.ukcities order mass evacuations as
happy st .patrick's day ! here and acroos the pond
an irish blessing ! happy st . patrick's day friends !
if you voted for romney , you are a doofus .
romney took his loss like a man . i respect that .
are you still there ? or are you busy drinking because st patrick's day ?
my st patricks day is probably going better than yours :):)
the hurricane has its own twitter account but why !?
i don't care about the trends i just care for the victims of the hurricane sandy !!!! xxxxx
fuck this god damn storm my appointment is cancelled omg fuck sandy dumb bitch smd i hate her
sandy why won't you come quicker
wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter spotted in nepal : the nepalese army says a rescue helic
nepal says it has found missing u .s. military helicopter :
rip to all the passengers and crew of the germanwings flight that has crashed in france . devastating :(
germanwings airbus a320 crash in france . horrendous . makes my blood run cold . thoughts with everyone involved .
i pick obama he's gonna in tha white house for another 4 more years baby =d
obama got this aha if you think he got this .
this genius david stern just said hurricane katrina on national tv
did this nigga david stern just say hurricane katrina ? please hurry up and retire now , thanks .
hope you have a wonderful st . patrick's day !
since today is st patricks day i'm lucky enough to get a follow from my favorite irish person ?? plz :) 1301
happy st patrick s day for tomorrow . love you all be safe .xx
to a the people saying happy st patricks day , it's on the 17 th which is tomorrow , it is only the parade today .
jordan henderson got on the pitch - therefore i'm so happy we got a point !
all in all we deserve credit for the way we played then
rock on ! have a great st . patrick's day from us !
i will never ~ever !:) happy st . patricks ' day !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! who's getting their shamrock shake game on tonight ?! we are !!
so today is st . patrick's day ? i actually confused
was your st . patrick's day this fun ?! our lafayette center learners had a blast today .
didn't expect anything less then an incredible weekend ! happy st patricks day to my erasmus famo
hurricane sandy relief : how to help now - marketwatch via
fema would be cut if romney were in office , those who have been affected by hurricane sandy , would never get help
oh , and a happy st . patrick's day to those who are celebrating ! stay safe !
thanks harry happy st patrick's day too
the world will wake up to the empty , cruel posturing of german authorities .prepare to loose your ignorance .#refugeeswelcome
watching news - can't understand why the government of any country where humans live should deny shelter to
there was a major earthquake in nepal 600 dead and many feared to be trapped !!!retweet to spread awareness so that many people can pray
earthquake : dharahara in nepal damaged , several people feared to be trapped
afp reports that the attackers were slain on charlie hebdo .
civilians from supermarket might be released hostages .#paris
: champions - spain ; best player - iniesta (spain, barca ); golden boot - torres (spain, ); best keeper - casillas (spain, real )
: champions - spain ; best player - iniesta (spain, barca ); golden boot - torres (spain, ); best keeper - cas
hasn't posted anything related to paris , but still bashes israel . not surprising but tactically stupid just fyi
rt hindustan times :: french president hollande says will fight attackers 'without mercy ': afp
[cnn world ] typhoon hagupit hits philippines : a massive typhoon made landfall in the east-central philippines
typhoon hagupit hits philippines : a massive typhoon made landfall in the east-central philippines late saturday , battering the
cupcakes ! happy st . patrick's day !
i still love all american newspapers :) happy st . patrick's day
tonights games should be good !spain - italycroatia - ireland
going to attempt to study for my exams for tomorrow then watching the ireland game ! c'mon ireland !!
president barack obama wins re-election . what does this mean to our homeless families ?
congratulations to the 44 th president of the us : barack obama
typhoon hagupit hits philippines | journal : just a year after typhoon haiyan killed thousands of people , anoth
flood news : relief as typhoon hagupit spares tacloban , passes north - cnn
well in our part of the world it is st patricks day ! so i thought it would be appropriate to pin from my
happy st patricks day ! its perfectly reasonable to start drinking for breakfast .
photos : albany celebrates st . patrick's day : a pair of annual parades honored the irish
easy way to tell who's irish on st . patrick's day . the only green on them will be the beer in the mug in their hand .
opening was good , now watching poland vs greece ;d
i was , but now its time for poland greece and
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zgxhtk74xn
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cnigzbr9w6
tsu is turning up since obama won :)
obama won indiana . that's even better
reuters : islamic state claims responsibility for paris attacks in official statement .
- reuters : islamic state has said it was behind the attacks in in an official statement
more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy : twitter released a series of fascinating st [mashable]
more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy : twitter released a series of fascinating stats m
acts like this boston tragedy reminds tho we are powerful we are fragile .
boston attack : 'we don't know who did this and why ' (via australian news )
st .patricks day : another excuse for college students to drink
st . patrick's day as we know it is really an american invention . here are a few facts about the history of st .
happy st patrick's snow day ! we be open !
being in ireland for st . patrick's day is something magical
watch hurricane sandy be just a little thunderstorm and everyone's freaking out for nothing .
oh yea rite hurricane sandycolliding with a winter stormthat deadly sandydo take precautions and be safe !
african states agree ebola strategy bbc news - home
african states agree ebola strategy peter_s_becks 1 //
haha why not eh ? hopefully doesn't bend you over as hard as they are expecting . rain started yet ?
im gonna need sandy to shimmy her way away from dulles before tuesday at 9 pm
it's just now come to my attention that it's st .patricks day , and i didn't wear green .
happy st . patrick's day errrrrryone !!
watching catching rocks to the back shows how fucked over the ppl in feel at the hands of the news .
watching the news on idk its just like these anchors want violence to happen :/
wild weather in the ukraine , and the match between ukraine and france has been suspended for the time being !
how could you stop the ukraine france game ! they obviously never been to a tropic country !
st . patrick's day cupcakes at work !
happy st . patrick's day to sponsors
i would say happy st . patricks day but i'm jewish and also bc i am the size of a leprechaun
happy st . patrick's day from my little leprechauns !
superstorm sandy could send years of research down the drain
sandy did new york really bad
are you for real lol , obama all the way ! well done all who voted him in !
well done obama the next time i will be this interested in politics when gimp boys cameron and clegg are voted out
yes obama is president i'm not even american but america have made a good choice for once :d
let's pretend ari fleisher wasn't wrong about everything on iraq . and wrong for months about romney winning
4 days left - michel platini is the only player that has scored in 5 consecutive matches in the european championship history .
4 days left - michel platini is the only player that has scored in 5 consecutive
thoughts and prayers going out to those in the path of , but i'm disturbed by how little conversation there is about climate change .
not rooting for destruction , but its amazing watching the waves build on tv .
please shut up with that boston shit .. yall niggas were making fun of koreas bomb treats and karma came back and bit us i
thoughts and prayers go out to all affected by the explosion in boston today .
sheik umar khan : 5 fast facts you need to know : sierra leone's chief ebola doctor , sheik umar khan , has contra
tragic to hear that sheik umar khan , sierra leone's chief ebola doctor , contracts the virus -
seems appropriate for today . happy st .patricks day !
st . patricks day is always shit
rain ! the madness has begun . convention center w /
super jealous of all this sxsw talk ! these are the times i wish i lived with my dad in austin ! !
//my thoughts go out to the people in paris , the families and friends of the lost onesif you're there , please find a safe spot
who are these people responsible ? what is this sickness ? you can't kill the spirit of paris .
barack obama is a sick guy and mitt romney looks like a pervert , plus his name is actually 'mitt'
america heads to polls : decides for obama's 2 nd term or romney to move into white house - facenfacts via
of the day - happy st patricks day - here is a green design for the occasion : )#stpatricksday
i always love to reminisce on this day of my travels to ireland for st . patrick's day in college . it was such a great time and so beautiful !
happy st .patricks day to everyone . xxx
happy st .patrick's day ! have a nice day n .n
prayers to the families and victims in the paris attacks .
amazing ! thank you germany . tomorrow's edition of berliner zeitung
happy st . patricks day from all of us at thomasville veterinary hospital !
happy st . patricks day ! have a great day today !
video : 'terrifying night ' as homes hit by typhoon : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippines , topplin
video : 'terrifying night ' as homes hit by typhoon : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the phil
in the st .patrick's day parade in ballincollig :)) couldn't be happier omg fantastic
thankyou ! happy st . patricks day to you too :-)
happy st . patrick's day to everyone who is irish i love you all
happy st patrick's day yes i am irish
hurricane sandy hospital evacuations : medical workers assist a patient into an ambulance during an evacuation of
forget hurricane sandy . i'm going to cause a scene if this hangover goes into full effect .
germanwings jet crashes in the french alps : the plane , an airbus a320 run by a sub
: germanwings jet crashes in the french alps : the plane , an airbus a320 run by a subsi via
i'm watchin news about hurricane sandy in hoboken i hope you and your fam are okay !! from lawrence
sandy is the only girl that ever blew me o_o
- let's go barry o ladies dark basic t-shirt
biden forgets name of president | times 247
can someone clarify for me : who's in charge of the police force ? state patrol or slpd ?
how can we fall asleep easy when our people are in turmoil ?
happy st . patrick's day ! and remember , everybody is irish today .
the would like to wish everybody a happy st patricks day !!
praying for everyone suffering from the east coast 3
we hope everyone in nyc /nj are having a safe and exciting time during this wrath ! xo
ok honestly this is your choice ok ! retweet for obama and favorite for romney
rt obama and romney interviews starting now on espn || just when you thought espn couldn't get worse
watch : nepal earthquake : time running out for finding survivors : see a baby , buried in rubble
video : nepal earthquake : time running out for finding survivors
8 hours of work today and get to watch both matches
looking fwd to seeing lewandowski in the tonight hoping might sign him :)
:d hope you had a great st patricks day !! xxxx
i honestly could care less about st patricks day
mt romney has five point plan to get us through hurricane , but is refusing to give us all the details until next week .
not sure where this is friend just sent it to me from
[0abc-hlth] sandy tests hospital preparedness : as superstorm sandy slammed into new york monday night , it tested
sandy tests hospital preparedness : as superstorm sandy slammed into new york monday night , it tested
- michael brown's death caused by gunshots to head , chest -- abc citing coroner
via second rally held in support of police officer darren wilson in st . louis
i can't watch live stream its too mucb
i want to watch this live stream . but i just don't think my heart can take it .
dtn new zealand : nepal earthquake : 'pure terror ' for homebound kiwi : lucette dillon says she will never be abl
nepal earthquake : 'pure terror ' for homebound kiwi
malloy : fema will be on the ground in the state tomorrow morning
some music before the hurricane hits . be safe out there .
praying for the soldier shot at war memorial . my cousin was a med tech with ceremonial guard this summer .#ottawa
man in an arabic scarf shoots down a soldier on parliament hill this morning .. hope they find and kill that piece of shit ..
two americans contract ebola . one from charlotte . one from texas whose family was visiting him last week .
can someone please tell me wah ebola is oooo
sandy cuts power to 49000 in quebec - ctv news : ctv newssandy cuts power to 49000 in quebecctv news 49,000 homes
sandy cuts power to 49000 in quebec - ctv news : ctv newssandy cuts power to 49000 in quebecctv
one of the first thoughts i had today was trying to set to the tune of fergalicious . my brain is broken .
missouri grand jury lawshow jury is selected :the proceeding :#ferguson
people actually go so extra on dressing up for st patricks day here
st . patrick's day is the worst .but i love it
the radio just asked who was going to be on top of sandy all weekend .. in reference to the hurricane lol good one radio
why are hurricanes always named after old white women ? irene ? sandy ? wtf .
social news - more hurricane sandy help : google intros public alerts to provide crisis information via search and maps
more hurricane sandy help : google intros public alerts to provide crisis information via searc
very appropriate for st . patrick's day , is on now !
it's st .patricks day .. who's irish and wants to get drunk ?
sydney siege victims lauded for courage , kindness : victims of sydney siege remembered for kindness
: sydney siege victims lauded for courage , kindness : victims of sydney siege remembered via
presidential candidates wld hv game-change in thr campaign , to woo support . interesting to watch how they commit us govt in d sandy recovery
okay can someone explain this whole sandy thing to me ? how does everyone know about this ?
hurricane sandy silences us websites : huffington post , gawker and buzzfeed all affected by storm that pounded new
the government created hurricane sandy because . just because
this aint no joke sandy is about to tear some shit up .
if we don't talk very often and or at all and you wanna talk during the , favorite this and we can be textin
thank you patrick , love ya
saint patrick's day . dare anyone to pinch me
our thoughts and prayers continue to be with those injured in yesterday's attack in boston
sending my prayers to everyone who was at the boston marathon .
thoughts and prayers go out to the people in boston . terrible
my prayer's are with the people in boston and people who have family there
lou dobbs and romney supporters are so sure obama supporters will not show up to vote the problem is i voted already idiots
on a personal note , i like to watch obama speak .
i'm not going to school tomorrow because there's a hurricane coming i'm scared .
this hurricane shxt going way to far
and more lies to the people by you mitt !
what are the chances that when mitt romney loses the election tomorrow night , he bursts into a shower of coins ? would know )
this pub i'm in is torn between which side to egg on . still a lot of pain from 2004 felt but i think the portuguese just take it .#euro2012
them damn naughty german supporters !
key stands with vietnam against paris attacks : prime minister john key and vietnamese prime minister nguyen ta
dtn new zealand : key stands with vietnam against paris attacks : prime minister john key and vietnamese prime m
editorial | sandy shows need for government , aid
back to work ! my little sandy vaca was nice but its nice to be productive again !
irony : the panel on mega-mergers & the future of the internet is being held at the at &t conf center . (head over there )
only way of being stopped being location tracked is to not use the internet , pay cash , and don't have a cell phone
don't be a hero . get out of the places that are threatened by the storm . don't take any risks .
i'm tweeting up a storm like hurricane sandy
however with such high expectations it makes it nigh impossible to deliver . especially with republicans wanting to block you
its all about the us voting officially open n in a few hours time america will decide who stays in the white house . big house !
i can't waiiiiiiiiit !!!! fucka sandy
these pictures look like something out of a movie . sandy , you are one mean bitch .
car wreck . shots fired and reports of something going on at lees chicken .
are the dear leaders he uses all when ever he can .
just got there for a good cause and with st patrick's day in mind
lots of st patrick's day greens and treats on my treasury via
happy st patrick's day !may the blessings of each daybe the blessings you need the most .
have a happy st . patricks day ! we prefer over
one last juice before i head to sxsw , lillyj and ruin my veggie routine . apple , melon , basil , beet ,
man im madd i didnt go to sxsw this yr .. next year i guess hopefully be there or better yet
instead of going out and celebrating the last few hours of st . patricks day i decided to instead work on my brackets
irish people don't celebrate st . patrick's day .
happy st . patricks day to all my family and friends .
happy st . patrick's day from the fieldhouse ! :)
rollin in st . patrick's day parade !
happy st patricks day nathan fillion .from st john's newfoundland
what is going on for st patrick's day
cca goes green for st . patrick's day !
seriously if you stripped away the blogger's lounge and , over half the fun of sxsw is gone
stop by 5 th & colorado for free ice cream w / &
i liked a video hurricane sandy transformers exploding 4 minutes straight
supposed to have my lsat scores this morning . has delayed them . :(
st . patrick's day : wearing a little green today . feeling a little green tomorrow .
for me , st . patrick's day is less about wearing green and more about remembering not to wear orange .
police confirm that the man arrested near sydney's martin place is not related to hostage crisis .
police say that man arrested is not related to sydney siege in martin place .
happy st patricks day working hard
happy st patricks day from the curran family xxx
greek pm's bookies line poland to lead 1 -0 at 1 /2 time 2 players sent off 1 -1ft result debt paid off
now time for arshavin v rosicky !
thoughts prayers are with all the individuals whose lives have been changed because of hurricane sandy . i wish them strength comfort .
i miss you too !! i might have pinned a 1000 things since this hurricane lmao im so boreddd
typhoon hagupit has made landfall in eastern philippines displacing at least 600,000 people .
watch : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in the philippines : more than 30 million people are at risk of being hi
yes im wearing black on st patricks day
o yeah happy st . patricks day !
i want this 2 go obama so bad . i want 2 see what he can do with no re-election to worry about . maybe we can get something done
wait what ?!?! just backed obama ! well , looks like we know who's gonna win now no need to go on with the election .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jqn5hf6x5j
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pgq8ezh3qb
happy st . patrick's day ! a mint sundae is the best way to celebrate .
good to have a blether with at the st patricks gig tonight - top man
early saint patrick's day celebration ?
everyone wants to be irish on st . patricks day , don't lie .
happy saint patricks day ! (at w / 10 others ) [pic]:
a happy saint patrick's day from battle gems . here ;s what we know
it would be a sign of the apocalypse if romney wins ! i would so vote obama if i weren't canadian lol
if romney wins , we all die ! . seriously !
look what rick does on st . patricks day ..
happy st . patricks day at sweetwater !
will ferrell will do anything to make sure you vote for president barack obama !!!!
don't vote because morgan freeman supports obama or what political ads claim about the other candidate . do your research
we had a moment of silence today in school for the victims who died in the paris attack
they took the focus away from missouri with paris
how hurricane sandy will impact americans ' ability to vote
this sums up the crisis pretty well - hurricane sandy : costs to come | the economist
so if st . patrick's day is my birthday and i'm irish , then today should be my lucky day , right ?
yo fuck st . patricks day it's cold as shit outside
gunna smoke a super bowl , goooo giants .
super to snoozer : we rank the super bowls , 1 -45
theres already floods and sandy isnt even here yet
hahahahah some person made a hurricane sandy twitter .
well we made it through hurricane sandy w /o any damage or power loss . how is everyone else doing ?
thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims of hurricane sandy . let's help any way we can .
.: ebola outbreak could become pandemic via #o and hope so . another for them 2 exploi
getting to grips with the ebola outbreak in west africa at 17 :10 on (cont)
[mashable] germanwings plane's mangled black box may contain answers to mysterious crash
germanwings plane's mangled black box may contain answers to mysterious crash via the associated press
indians breath as obama march into white house for a second term . the conservative romney could impose more sanctions against us than obama .
but yo f obama he got 132 bedrooms 35 bathrooms in the whitehouse mind you theres millions of people that dont have beds in the world smh
presumably atheists don't do st patrick's day . there's another upside .
happy st . patrick's day !!!! come into the brew today for $3 small irish cream lattes and green tea frappes $2
i respect the fuck out of france and charlie hebdo right now . freedom of speech is the ultimate freedom .
hey why is terrorism more important overseas than terrorists attacks here when are you gonna cover this ?
where r u come from ? sydney .
i think sydney is the one who has issues here ..
ky3 : 'sandy' helps hurricane sandy victims : woman's t-shirt company makes an impact
'sandy' helps hurricane sandy victims : woman's t-shirt company makes an impact
105 -year-old man rescued alive from debris in earthquake-hit nepal
105 -year-old man rescued alive from debris in earthquake-hit nepal : a 105 -year-old man was pulled out alive from the rubble of a coll
happy st . patrick's day ! wishing you a blessed day of good fortune and happiness !
happy st . patricks day . have a happy healthy one .
happy st . patricks day and happy birthday zman
happy st patricks day ! happy holi ! lots to celebrate today :-)
well hurricane sandy need not to come thru my city . you feel me
mwaha thanks i was just reppin hurricane sandy grease style how was (caseys?) party ?
there'll always be injuries but u have to wonder , what if gronk was full capacity either way , ua represent !!
fans in indy - tweet your pics from the stadium !!
thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by this tragedy
a very sad news (boston marathon blast ) indeed . praying ..!!
why is everyone saying we're in state of emergency when the hurricane isn't even here yet
prayers ascending for all in harm's way of hurricane sandy esp all those who work to keep others safe
driskill livin ' with and texas lemonades down the hatch .
one day im gonna be cool enough to go to sxsw like all the cool ppl i follow who r there now .
here's how you can help assist nepal earthquake victims :
our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the earthquake in nepal . if you'd like to help , take a
they're shooting everyone right now inside the bataclan . fuck this world .
praying for all those in paris affected by the terror attacks !
happy st . patricks day and irish twfanmily xx
happy st patrick's day everybody ! may the luck of the irish be with you today ;-)
watching the superbowl but don't have a clue what's going on !
manning got determination because he is tired of hearing more news this week of his brother than him
paris live : hostage crisis in french town , charlie hebdo attackers suspected : a polic
paris live : hostage crisis in french town , charlie hebdo attackers suspected
happy st patrick's day everyone ! hope you have a great monday !
happy st patricks day !!! how are you all spending it ?
you can't buy the election every time :d
aint nobody fucking with my clique times to celebrate people :)
st . louis prays for paris after attacks
paris rocked by suicide attackers more than 100 dead . horrific acts .
whoa this just got personal , sandy
7 ways to help victims of superstorm sandy online : superstorm sandy has impacted the
prediction : spain 3 -1 italy got one right yet !
alan hansen .so so bored of listening to this bloke .
let's hope ramos is taking a penalty for
will sergio ramos be asked to take a penalty ??
sandy still dnt look bad as katrina .
so hurricane sandy legit like fuckin up everything in this bitch . got chicken mcnuggets floatin wastin 7 happy meals .
happy birthday to the three people i share a birthday with on st . patricks day !
the only saint patricks day i remember is when i went patricks hill with
baby ain't coming until monday , so you oughta be fine .
that don't make no sense turning off current . sandy isn't even that intense , not at all .
ebola epidemic update - 7 /17/2014: we have some new numbers from who this morning :
ebola would not be our portion in jesus name
i've never understood the point of st patrick's day , myself
congratulations you win st . patricks day !
ive wanted to be in a hurricane all year and back home gets one and i dont
the people panic buying in the cornershop are particularly amusing . 5 packs of mini babybells and uht milk .
heard a few good st . patricks day jokes today .. irish i could remember them !!
i'm pretty sure all the characters from are on the train . it's more fun when it's tv .
president romney has a great ring to it .
so obama had springsteen and romney had 'kid rock ', that should tell america all it needs to know .
obama will decimate our military and weapons ! he has just transferred the weapons to his muzzie buddies !
mitt conceded eloquently , obama praised mitt magnanimously . beauty of politics often missing in india .
man , that police force are some serious racist pigs . they aren't even hiding it .
what ever the cops say happens next will obviously be a lie .
mom's in charge of the family back home as hurricane sandy braces to hit . i'm sure she'll be fine , she survived this :
relaxing inside while the hurricane hits ? here are great lgbt movies to watch (if the power doesn't go out )
mario gomez coming in big for the deutsch
the only good thing about an early exit is van persie can finally get to renew ctr talks with
oyabangit : canadian parliament hill ottawa s via |
footage of shots inside parliament hill .
wish sandy could have taken with her
concerned about and haven't heard from them since sandy hit .
hurricane sandy actually a 'bride of frankenstorm ': nasa : nasa scientists suggest that hurricane sandy's
hurricane sandy actually a 'bride of frankenstorm ': nasa : nasa scientists suggest that hurricane
happy st patrick's day chip !
rini st . patricks day math via
happy st . patricks day !!! love you all x
you should insist on having st patrick's day off !
grantland the marathon : the race and the aftermath and a dark day in boston .
the marathon : the race and the aftermath and a dark day in boston .
thank you my friend for publishing my england review . with the tips
got me excited for england at the euros !!! better make us proud !!!
hurricane sandy , where the fuck are you , bitch ?
no school for me thanks to hurricane sandy . fuck it im happy :p
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wisgfadweo
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3za3dlt22l
possible ebola victim in birmingham tested nil
ebola turns globalebola epidemic turns global as it spreads to the uk . a man in birmingham has tested positive
oh its st . patricks day woo i guess ?
happy st .patrick's day everybody :d
a sea of flowers carries with it people's sorrow and prayers for the victims
sydney cafe siege probe begins : australian police begin an investigation into the deaths of three people
hurricane sandy dents gm vehicles sales in us northeast : gm did not provide an estimate o
hurricane sandy dents gm vehicles sales in us northeast : gm did not provide an estimate on how badly sales would be impacted , and sai
home just long enough to discover that my invoicing system is out again . thanks sandy .back out the door . more tricks than treats .
maybe more people will respect after hurricane
it's 2 am and i'm on hurricane watch on a yacht in miami keeping me going
hurricane sandy , welcome to miami . now p *** off . please
at least 40 dead in several attacks in paris , tonight .
in paris . terrible act of cowardice in here tonight . pray for the families .
my thoughts and prayers with those who are about to go through hurricane sandy in the east coast .
these sandy tweets r pretty gay
mercury prize winner benjamin clementine on paris , the city where he busked and to which he dedicated his award :
cos the money settles his bills
man , was on point tonight when talking about
looking at these pictures from the hashtag it's so sad !!! tears are forming
raw : hurricane patricia makes landfall in mexico | incredible [divider]raw: 10 /2015 -
thank you for assisting uk travellers during . glad everyone is safe and sound !
remarks at the 2014 white house st . patrick's day reception (+playlist): via
starting the st patricks day celebration early with my handsome husband .
triangle of life-earthquake safety tips by god bless nepal india
and a good resource to help figure out where to give donations to have the best impact :
comment : a mitt romney presidential win would be a disaster for lgbt americans : writing from the us for pinknews
comment : a mitt romney presidential win would be a disaster for lgbt americans (via
vicariously going to by following and pouting a lot .
good luck to everyone in austin . wish i could be there !
my thoughts really do go out to everyone who is affected by hurricane sandy .
greens blast romney , obama on climate as sandy hits | u .s. green
reports : hostages held in cafe in sydney , australia : multiple hostages are apparently being held at a lindt cafe in sydney , australia
disturbing siege situation at a cafe in sydney , australia .
what in the f is happening in boston right now ??
i feel bad for all those people in boston .
just 'cause it's st . patricks day tomorrow
st . patricks day isn't the best day for me .
very cool -- today's front pages : (via
have you ever had your cereal in a simpson bowl ? it's fiscally delicious
i heard the man tackled the gunman and was shot and the woman had a heart attack
rip to the two innocent lives that were taken during the sydney siege .
michelle obama has a nice fat ass mmmmmgurrrrrllllll
i rubed it in her face that obama won lmao
rescuers carry a woman from the sydney cafe where hostages were held . editor's choice :
all my love today to the one city that feeds my soul opera house
my kids told me i need to tweet more , so here it goes : happy st . patrick's day , everyone !
happy st . patrick's day ! may you have the hindsight to know where you've been , the foresight to know where you
you have school on st . patrick's day ?!
so wait , its not even st patrick's day yet
happy st .patrick day to everyonelmbo i love the irish !!!
when i was little and forgot to wear green on st . patrick's day i'd say i have boogers so i wouldn't get pinched
loved this piece on obama election and implications going foreward
i see lots of posts about mccain getting more votes than romney . okay . but let's be real . those were votes for palin ,
if your 18 or over go vote for obama tomorrow ,
vote obama tomorrow if you wanna live !!!!
happy st . patrick's day !! :) xoxoxox - the dads
love the fact that people celebrate st patrick's day more than st george's we're so patriotic
i think is going to be over soon . proud of everybody making their votes count ! god bless america !
i swear i have never refreshed cnn so much in my life
lol . i believe it was in ny due to sandy . i believe they said the wind was 75 mph !.terrible!
u got any friends who living in those places affected by sandy ?
we are the only ones who substantiate patient outcomes - medify
as sxsw is upon us , check out this infographic about it has evolved ,
reports of loud bang being heard at the sydney cafe
shit going down in sydney right now
happy st . patrick's day ! is in the spirit with the spring collection .
happy st . patrick's day ! rt if your little one is wearing !
holy shit the paris attack was intentionally planned friday the 13 th
it kills me to see that paris is no longer safe
global jihad : islamic terrorists take hostages in sydney austrialia
over after more than 16 hours in . no final confirmation on the number of shot , including the gunman .
the man that took cafe hostage was a refugee
hold on a sec what is happening in sydney
listen , one armed citizen in that cafe may have prevented this whole episode .
wow i can't describe the current situation in sydney
over after more than 16 hours in . no final confirmation on the number of shot , including the gunman .
it's unbelievable that we could sit and watch this unfold live on tv in australia . will change us forever
hold on a sec what is happening in sydney
according to sources from the mad is looking for his 72 virgins
wow i can't describe the current situation in sydney
sydney hostage crisis is over after police storm cafe
it's unbelievable that we could sit and watch this unfold live on tv in australia . will change us forever
so thankful these people can go home to their families ,mostly unharmed .they will never be the same , but at least they are here
according to sources from the mad is looking for his 72 virgins
it is so amazing !! listening to it full blast as the is over !!!!
sydney hostage crisis is over after police storm cafe
police yet to confirm what's happened to gunman haron monis and his hostages .
live updates : police raid sydney cafe in hostage siege via
if this guy is still alive , i hope he gets water boarded
so thankful these people can go home to their families ,mostly unharmed .they will never be the same , but at least they are here
police storm sydney siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , whe
it is so amazing !! listening to it full blast as the is over !!!!
cnn : police storm sydney cafe
police yet to confirm what's happened to gunman haron monis and his hostages .
at 4 with chris - a dramatic end to the sydney cafe siege as armed police storm the building .
if this guy is still alive , i hope he gets water boarded
in b4 the media whitewash islamic connection of . new narrative will b the gunman was just criminal with prsnl vendetta .
police storm sydney siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , whe
solidarity and thoughts with . i will never understand this kind of violence . and i guess that's not a bad thing .
cnn : police storm sydney cafe
nsw police have not confirmed whether any casualties have resulted following . they have only confirmed that the siege is over .
at 4 with chris - a dramatic end to the sydney cafe siege as armed police storm the building .
sydney : crisis ends as police storm lindt cafe , indian hostage reported safe
in b4 the media whitewash islamic connection of . new narrative will b the gunman was just criminal with prsnl vendetta .
i hope everything ends soon enough
solidarity and thoughts with . i will never understand this kind of violence . and i guess that's not a bad thing .
shootings at 3 separate homes in philadelphia . gunman barricaded . what the hell is happening in this world ?
nsw police have not confirmed whether any casualties have resulted following . they have only confirmed that the siege is over .
: the sydney cafe hostage siege has ended in gunfire with two dead and three in serious condition .
sydney : crisis ends as police storm lindt cafe , indian hostage reported safe
abc please confirm any deaths and what is happening with the gunman i dont trust other stations
i hope everything ends soon enough
hey ash ! finally ended the hostage situation in sydney , unfortunately with injuries :((
shootings at 3 separate homes in philadelphia . gunman barricaded . what the hell is happening in this world ?
police storm sydney cafe via
: the sydney cafe hostage siege has ended in gunfire with two dead and three in serious condition .
. uses surge pricing , then refunds it , for those escaping area :
abc please confirm any deaths and what is happening with the gunman i dont trust other stations
: one of two dead may be gunman but that is unconfirmed , via
hey ash ! finally ended the hostage situation in sydney , unfortunately with injuries :((
just seen reports that the sydney siege is over . hope all the hostages are okay and reunited with their families soon .
police storm sydney cafe via
if you defame islam , you are not a muslim . i repeat , you are not a muslim .
. uses surge pricing , then refunds it , for those escaping area :
arnab as usual proving he is the best madari it was just an act by criminal nothing to do with islam or isis
: one of two dead may be gunman but that is unconfirmed , via
video : hostages flee australia siege cafe : more hostages are seen fleeing a cafe in sydney , australia
just seen reports that the sydney siege is over . hope all the hostages are okay and reunited with their families soon .
[alert] australian police confirm sydney siege is over [afp]
if you defame islam , you are not a muslim . i repeat , you are not a muslim .
at 11 :06 terror expert marc ensalaco breaks down the sydney hostage situation . listen here :
arnab as usual proving he is the best madari it was just an act by criminal nothing to do with islam or isis
omg im so glad the sydney seigd is finally over !!!!
video : hostages flee australia siege cafe : more hostages are seen fleeing a cafe in sydney , australia
just heard about what is happening in sydney . terrible
[alert] australian police confirm sydney siege is over [afp]
sydney not custom to this , like gunland merica .
at 11 :06 terror expert marc ensalaco breaks down the sydney hostage situation . listen here :
police storm sydney siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , wher ff
omg im so glad the sydney seigd is finally over !!!!
nsw police say they cannot confirm reports that two people have died in the sydney siege , saying all they can confirm is that siege is over .
just heard about what is happening in sydney . terrible
really in awe of australian media's ability to agree to not disseminate demands from hostage taker
sydney not custom to this , like gunland merica .
police storm cafe where hostages held via
police storm sydney siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , wher ff
is over after police storm the 5 people being treated by medical staff .
nsw police say they cannot confirm reports that two people have died in the sydney siege , saying all they can confirm is that siege is over .
at least 5 dead in montgomery county shootings ; gunman still at large
really in awe of australian media's ability to agree to not disseminate demands from hostage taker
reminds me of westgate .thank god its over
is over after police storm the 5 people being treated by medical staff .
my opinion or speculation on the gunman is not important . i'm glad it's over and feel incredibly sad if any hostage has lost their life .
at least 5 dead in montgomery county shootings ; gunman still at large
imagine showing up to work at a city cafe and having this sort of lunacy carry on . is a real shame . thoughts with the victims
reminds me of westgate .thank god its over
several shots were fired , people injured , some dead .
my opinion or speculation on the gunman is not important . i'm glad it's over and feel incredibly sad if any hostage has lost their life .
abc reported that two people were dead , three in serious condition . prepares report to chastise spd .
imagine showing up to work at a city cafe and having this sort of lunacy carry on . is a real shame . thoughts with the victims
thoughts and prayers going out to all affected by the . thankful it's over but saddened at the injuries lives lost .
several shots were fired , people injured , some dead .
when you can't even sit down for a coffee in a cafe without your life being in danger , you know the human race is shit .
: behind sydney hostage drama identified -
police storm sydney siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , where a gunman i
abc reported that two people were dead , three in serious condition . prepares report to chastise spd .
sydney hostage situation over as police enter cafe via /r/worldnews
thoughts and prayers going out to all affected by the . thankful it's over but saddened at the injuries lives lost .
this is a criminal act that no respected human being accepts .
when you can't even sit down for a coffee in a cafe without your life being in danger , you know the human race is shit .
police storm sydney cafe ; more hostages flee islamist gunman peaky blinders season 2 finale | ye new york post
sydney hostage situation over as police enter cafe via /r/worldnews
reports the gunman shot 1 of the hostages after the raid
this is a criminal act that no respected human being accepts .
i am so glad it is 3 am in sydney and no young eyes just witnessed what i have seen in my beautiful hometown .
reports the gunman shot 1 of the hostages after the raid
sydney siege : police storm cafe in dramatic end to hostage standoff
i am so glad it is 3 am in sydney and no young eyes just witnessed what i have seen in my beautiful hometown .
congratulations to and the paramedics for bringing the siege to an end . i hope everyone is safe .
update : sydney siege is now over , at approx 2 :22am police and paramedics stormed the building . multiple gun shot
one person in cardiac arrest , three deceased (not including gunman ). .
sydney siege : police storm cafe in dramatic end to hostage standoff
islam is perfect , muslims are not . if there's muslim terrorist , it doesn't mean that the problem is on the religion . wake up ! .
congratulations to and the paramedics for bringing the siege to an end . i hope everyone is safe .
what happened with the gunman ? i'm confused
police confirm : the sydney siege is over . via /r/worldnews
avast ! shameless selfies being snapped outside siege
one person in cardiac arrest , three deceased (not including gunman ). .
hostages escape , others carried out on stretchers in sydney mond 111 mond 117
islam is perfect , muslims are not . if there's muslim terrorist , it doesn't mean that the problem is on the religion . wake up ! .
2 confirmed dead with 3 seriously injured thus far . this is a black day .
what happened with the gunman ? i'm confused
maybe its time to consider internment for known muslim extremists on the edge . why allow them to take action first ? .
avast ! shameless selfies being snapped outside siege
tribune : update : is over .police on tuesday stormed the sydney cafe where m
hostages escape , others carried out on stretchers in sydney mond 111 mond 117
bbc news - police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by a
2 confirmed dead with 3 seriously injured thus far . this is a black day .
per police say hostage situation in sydney is over ; no details on gunman ; 2 people wheeled out on stretchers ;
maybe its time to consider internment for known muslim extremists on the edge . why allow them to take action first ? .
darren our sister station news 1130 is reporting that 2 people are dead following sydney siege
tribune : update : is over .police on tuesday stormed the sydney cafe where m
les invito a leer sobre sydney gunman ided as out-on-bail muslim cleric peaky blinders season 2 finale | ye new
bbc news - police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by a
hoping all hostages from the are safe and well ! great job
darren our sister station news 1130 is reporting that 2 people are dead following sydney siege
some useful background on man haron monis here , including that he converted from shia to sunni islam :
hoping all hostages from the are safe and well ! great job
how has the gunman not been confirmed dead yet there's literally police in there with the cunt
i'm out with no internet , what's happened in sydney ?
ugandans's suggestions to how that guy should be handled are something else clearly the old man's tactics have rubbed off
some useful background on man haron monis here , including that he converted from shia to sunni islam :
its not over , there's still men in full bomb suits , police going in and out , no one has confirmed what's happened to the gunman
les invito a leer sobre police storm sydney cafe ; more hostages flee islamist gunman peaky blinders season 2 fin
my heart goes out to the people of . just spent a month in . a beautiful country with beautiful ppl , loved it
how has the gunman not been confirmed dead yet there's literally police in there with the cunt
watching the news and i'm about to cry
ugandans's suggestions to how that guy should be handled are something else clearly the old man's tactics have rubbed off
can't even imagine what the sydney hostages have been through , thoughts are with them and their close ones .
its not over , there's still men in full bomb suits , police going in and out , no one has confirmed what's happened to the gunman
hostage crisis in sydney , shootings in pa , ugh ugh ugh
my heart goes out to the people of . just spent a month in . a beautiful country with beautiful ppl , loved it
mt injured hostage taken to an ambulance after shots were fired - pix afp
watching the news and i'm about to cry
all i know is he shot one hostage , there's no word on the gunman . some people are saying he's one of the two . it's not confirmed .
can't even imagine what the sydney hostages have been through , thoughts are with them and their close ones .
atlast they are free hope all are safe
hostage crisis in sydney , shootings in pa , ugh ugh ugh
bali bombings was big but this will change australia
mt injured hostage taken to an ambulance after shots were fired - pix afp
so sad 2 people died because of the senseless hostage taking . feel so sad for the families . lets pray for sydney .
all i know is he shot one hostage , there's no word on the gunman . some people are saying he's one of the two . it's not confirmed .
hi it's alex here from bbc in uk . could we speak to you about events in sydney ? dm contact numbers or email alex .collin
atlast they are free hope all are safe
the threat has to be pretty obvious for officers to escalate .
bali bombings was big but this will change australia
my heart is warmed by the displayed in during this tough time with
so sad 2 people died because of the senseless hostage taking . feel so sad for the families . lets pray for sydney .
finally sydney police successfuly accomplished the mission to release hostages ..thank god !!!
hi it's alex here from bbc in uk . could we speak to you about events in sydney ? dm contact numbers or email alex .collin
so much gunfire in the sydney cafe . surely some deaths amidst all of that .
the threat has to be pretty obvious for officers to escalate .
hostages appear in videos relaying terrorist demands (censored by msm /youtube):
my heart is warmed by the displayed in during this tough time with
at 4 pm : the latest on the situation a281 is still closed after serious accident - listen -
finally sydney police successfuly accomplished the mission to release hostages ..thank god !!!
relieved to see ended . now time to understand motives stop trending
so much gunfire in the sydney cafe . surely some deaths amidst all of that .
its over , but not the way we wanted it to end . 2 dead and 3 seriously injured
hostages appear in videos relaying terrorist demands (censored by msm /youtube):
alert : news special report : tactical units storm sydney cafe - live on tv and
at 4 pm : the latest on the situation a281 is still closed after serious accident - listen -
watch live stream : special report on sydney hostage situation :
relieved to see ended . now time to understand motives stop trending
it's over . 2 dead . 3 injured . watch dramatic moment heavily armed police stormed lindt cafe
its over , but not the way we wanted it to end . 2 dead and 3 seriously injured
people's stupidity never seizes to amaze me (i'm the red person )
alert : news special report : tactical units storm sydney cafe - live on tv and
:(( rtcnnbrk : 2 dead , 3 in serious condition after the , australia's abc reports
it's over . 2 dead . 3 injured . watch dramatic moment heavily armed police stormed lindt cafe
sydney siege : police storm cafe : more than 10 hours after a gunman took control of a cafe in central sydney , s
people's stupidity never seizes to amaze me (i'm the red person )
haven't stopped praying ! my heart goes out to all effected . so shocked this is happening in my country . so sad !
:(( rtcnnbrk : 2 dead , 3 in serious condition after the , australia's abc reports
campaign offers lifts , protection , friendship to frightened muslims following .
news is going into a special report on the situation in sydney . tune in now to
hope the aussie old bill took out the terrorist
sydney siege : police storm cafe : more than 10 hours after a gunman took control of a cafe in central sydney , s
the 2 people dead could include the gunman
haven't stopped praying ! my heart goes out to all effected . so shocked this is happening in my country . so sad !
dramatic scenes as police storms onto cafe . bullets fired and all . over but no news on fate of gunman .
campaign offers lifts , protection , friendship to frightened muslims following .
the incident of sydney was very sadfull . we want peace everyone why diz peoples destroy our peace plzz keeps measure action about diz
hope the aussie old bill took out the terrorist
ends , 2 people critically injured in rescue operation .
the 2 people dead could include the gunman
siege is over . reports of two people killed and at least three injured . no confirmation by authorities .
dramatic scenes as police storms onto cafe . bullets fired and all . over but no news on fate of gunman .
is over . very strange police manouvers . they shot enough to kill a platoon of soldiers .
the incident of sydney was very sadfull . we want peace everyone why diz peoples destroy our peace plzz keeps measure action about diz
the official statement police is they cannot confirm if anyone was killed during the breach
ends , 2 people critically injured in rescue operation .
police storm cafe in sydney to end hostage standoff
siege is over . reports of two people killed and at least three injured . no confirmation by authorities .
i hope theyve misreported and theres only 1 dead and it is the gunman
is over . very strange police manouvers . they shot enough to kill a platoon of soldiers .
gunshots st sydney hostage scene :
the official statement police is they cannot confirm if anyone was killed during the breach
report : gunman shot one of the martin place hostages before was ended
i hope theyve misreported and theres only 1 dead and it is the gunman
gunman's lawyer said his ideology was so strong it clouded his judgement ..
gunshots st sydney hostage scene :
could a sniper not of just took the gunman out ?? that was one hell of a rescue attempt
report : gunman shot one of the martin place hostages before was ended
what a monster , plus writing hate letters to the families /ottawa urges canadians to use 'extra precaution ' in sydney
uber apologizes for surge pricing during sydney hostage crisis
local tv in australia reporting 2 people are dead . unclear if gunman is among them . live updates via
gunman's lawyer said his ideology was so strong it clouded his judgement ..
breaking : police confirm sydney siege over after armed officers storm lindt cafe
could a sniper not of just took the gunman out ?? that was one hell of a rescue attempt
police storm sydney cafe in attempt to end hostage crisis : heavily armed police in sydney stormed a
what a monster , plus writing hate letters to the families /ottawa urges canadians to use 'extra precaution ' in sydney
cnn live stream is now over . here's a new link for live coverage of the :
breaking : police confirm sydney siege over after armed officers storm lindt cafe
sydney citizens show touching support for muslim commuters as hashtag goes viral
cnn live stream is now over . here's a new link for live coverage of the :
sydney (ap) - police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a downtown cafe .
is over , per abc australia . 2 people are dead , 3 are in serious condition . gunman is either dead or in custody .
police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a sieg
sydney citizens show touching support for muslim commuters as hashtag goes viral
the bbc reports a tweet from nsw police saying that the is over
sydney siege ends after police storm cafe , officials say via
breaking : over , hostages taken away on stretchers . no details on injuries or gunman status . live feed :
the bbc reports a tweet from nsw police saying that the is over
sometimes people do things that only face-to-face counseling with jesus himself can fix .
breaking : over , hostages taken away on stretchers . no details on injuries or gunman status . live feed :
sydney cops and the government of australia for the successful sydney cafe operation .
watch live : the scene in sydney after police stormed a cafe where hostages were being held :
social campaign condemning taken off after armed man took in
thank god the sydney siege is over can't imagine what would have happened to the world if it panned out differently
i really don't feel comfortable with them showing the faces of the tactical response unit police people either
sometimes people do things that only face-to-face counseling with jesus himself can fix .
my thoughts are with everyone affected . strength to all of you .
sydney cops and the government of australia for the successful sydney cafe operation .
why was this nasty piece of work still walking about free ?police stormed the cafe in central sydney early
social campaign condemning taken off after armed man took in
no reports of injured or casualty numbers have been confirmed . watching live abc feed for last 10 hrs . shame on you .
i really don't feel comfortable with them showing the faces of the tactical response unit police people either
live blog : police end sydney siege - reports of deaths via
my thoughts are with everyone affected . strength to all of you .
2 confirmed dead ,3 in critical condition .several others minor wounds . according to cnn
why was this nasty piece of work still walking about free ?police stormed the cafe in central sydney early
thoughts with those poor people in sydney . hope they're ok .
no reports of injured or casualty numbers have been confirmed . watching live abc feed for last 10 hrs . shame on you .
atleast 2 people dead and 3 seriously injured as ends after 16 hours
live blog : police end sydney siege - reports of deaths via
is already trying to de-islamicize the islamic terrorist who held those hostages in the .
2 confirmed dead ,3 in critical condition .several others minor wounds . according to cnn
woke up to this terrible news . happy to hear it's over .
atleast 2 people dead and 3 seriously injured as ends after 16 hours
still what we are waiting for ????becoming slave or be died by these type of bullshit people .
is already trying to de-islamicize the islamic terrorist who held those hostages in the .
the hostage situation in australia is wrapping up now . here's what we know .
woke up to this terrible news . happy to hear it's over .
oh my geee what actually happen at sydney ?
i woke up to hear that craziness that happened in sydney . after 16 hours they were released , i hope there wasn't any deaths .
uber's latest controversies : australia , france and tampa uber , the ride-hailing company , c
still what we are waiting for ????becoming slave or be died by these type of bullshit people .
i'm sorry but the fact that noone but ashton has shown any interest in the is pissing me off
the hostage situation in australia is wrapping up now . here's what we know .
siege at sydney cafe is over , australian police say via
oh my geee what actually happen at sydney ?
today our country was touched by terror but we will not be broken by it
uber's latest controversies : australia , france and tampa uber , the ride-hailing company , c
the hostage situation is over , according to police .
i'm sorry but the fact that noone but ashton has shown any interest in the is pissing me off
awful situation but sydney , australia is teaching the world a very big lesson .
today our country was touched by terror but we will not be broken by it
happy to hear that all the hostages are all safe and sound .
the hostage situation is over , according to police .
karma is another casteist conspiracy ,to fool the poor that their misery is because of last birth deed .gita.shame.#sydneysiege
awful situation but sydney , australia is teaching the world a very big lesson .
the only thing that has been confirmed by the police is that the is over !
what is up with sydney and the hostages ? hope everyone is ok
staying up all night knowing what you were doing and where you were at this time . last time this happened was 13 years ago ..
happy to hear that all the hostages are all safe and sound .
: shots fired as police storm cafe
karma is another casteist conspiracy ,to fool the poor that their misery is because of last birth deed .gita.shame.#sydneysiege
bloody end :( so sad !!! we really need more love and kindness in this world
staying up all night knowing what you were doing and where you were at this time . last time this happened was 13 years ago ..
police storm sydney cafe to end hostage crisis
bloody end :( so sad !!! we really need more love and kindness in this world
is finally over , my prayers goes out to all the sydney people and the hostages + their families
police have confirmed that has ended . number of casualties unconfirmed . fate of gunman unclear .
israeli entertainer left sydney cafe as terrorists arrived
police storm sydney cafe to end hostage crisis
the only positive i've seen from the is man keep the love flowing
really hope all the hostages are okay as the siege ends with police storming the building .#sydneysiege
thank fuck that's over . maybe the 'i'm a more tolerant atheist than you !' tweets will die down now .
is finally over , my prayers goes out to all the sydney people and the hostages + their families
a hostage situation at a sydney cafe has come to an end , after police stormed the scene .#liveupdates:
israeli entertainer left sydney cafe as terrorists arrived
abc news australia confirms two people dead and three seriously injured in
the only positive i've seen from the is man keep the love flowing
mt a hostage situation at a sydney cafe has come to an end , after police stormed the scene .
thank fuck that's over . maybe the 'i'm a more tolerant atheist than you !' tweets will die down now .
some serious footage of the sydney hostage situation on cnn . swat team tossing in flashbangs and a crazy amount of rounds going off .
a hostage situation at a sydney cafe has come to an end , after police stormed the scene .#liveupdates:
heavy gunfire and loud bangs rang out shortly after 2 a .m.local time - at least six people had just managed to flee the scene
abc news australia confirms two people dead and three seriously injured in
blood is on your hands courts of sydney . couldve been avoided .
mt a hostage situation at a sydney cafe has come to an end , after police stormed the scene .
: two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at ends , broadcaster says . .
some serious footage of the sydney hostage situation on cnn . swat team tossing in flashbangs and a crazy amount of rounds going off .
could deaths be avoided ? did the australian police not overreact ?
heavy gunfire and loud bangs rang out shortly after 2 a .m.local time - at least six people had just managed to flee the scene
wishing speedy recovery to the 3 people who are gravely injured ! hope dey get well soon !
blood is on your hands courts of sydney . couldve been avoided .
first news of storming of sydney cafe : two dead , several casualties , some serious wounded , gunman dead .
: two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at ends , broadcaster says . .
[the nation ] police raid sydney chocolate shop , free hostages
could deaths be avoided ? did the australian police not overreact ?
[komchadluek] police raid sydney chocolate shop , free hostages
wishing speedy recovery to the 3 people who are gravely injured ! hope dey get well soon !
thousands of people join twitter campaign in wake of sydney hostage crisis : thousands of austr ..
first news of storming of sydney cafe : two dead , several casualties , some serious wounded , gunman dead .
police raid sydney chocolate shop , free hostages : police have launched an assault with live rounds after a gro
[the nation ] police raid sydney chocolate shop , free hostages
now : over , hostages released - some coming out on stretchers .
[komchadluek] police raid sydney chocolate shop , free hostages
nsw force ! must have been a huge decision to make ! hatss off ! a job well done !#nswforce#sydneycafesiege
thousands of people join twitter campaign in wake of sydney hostage crisis : thousands of austr ..
breaking !! video footage : shows police storming sydney siege cafe :
police raid sydney chocolate shop , free hostages : police have launched an assault with live rounds after a gro
my best wishes to the people involved in the and disappointed in people who use as a to do
now : over , hostages released - some coming out on stretchers .
so glad to see is over . those poor people . i hope everyone is alright .
nsw force ! must have been a huge decision to make ! hatss off ! a job well done !#nswforce#sydneycafesiege
16 hours of tension comes to an end . hope everyone is safe
breaking !! video footage : shows police storming sydney siege cafe :
just another asshole for . religion of peace , my ass .
my best wishes to the people involved in the and disappointed in people who use as a to do
sydney siege is over , thank god .hoping all hostages are okay 3
so glad to see is over . those poor people . i hope everyone is alright .
my heart goes out to the hostages , their families , the special police team , the people of sydney and all of australia .
16 hours of tension comes to an end . hope everyone is safe
so d menace is over in sydney . yr irani bro haroon did lost despite killing ex wife n 40 sodomy cases experience .
just another asshole for . religion of peace , my ass .
terrible end : 2 people are dead , 3 in serious condition after hostage siege at sydney cafe , according to australian broadcaster abc .
sydney siege is over , thank god .hoping all hostages are okay 3
when the world stops to watch isis succeeds ..long after lindt dissipates from the 24 /7 news cycle the still lasts
my heart goes out to the hostages , their families , the special police team , the people of sydney and all of australia .
siege over in sydney cbd , some injuries .
so d menace is over in sydney . yr irani bro haroon did lost despite killing ex wife n 40 sodomy cases experience .
appears over as security officials storm cafe amidst much gunfire :
terrible end : 2 people are dead , 3 in serious condition after hostage siege at sydney cafe , according to australian broadcaster abc .
please don't let the official details get in the way of your really helpful speculation !
when the world stops to watch isis succeeds ..long after lindt dissipates from the 24 /7 news cycle the still lasts
the siege in sydney is over . that oke was proper cooked , who writes people letters that are soaked in poison ?
siege over in sydney cbd , some injuries .
two dead ~all hostages freed ~one gunman ~which is it media ? facts
appears over as security officials storm cafe amidst much gunfire :
did obama the muslom terrorist on the side of iran , say anything about sydney yet ?
please don't let the official details get in the way of your really helpful speculation !
sydney hostage drama's dramatic end . details still emerging . shots fired . injured to hospital . live here via
the siege in sydney is over . that oke was proper cooked , who writes people letters that are soaked in poison ?
your american cousins share your anger as terrorism takes aussie lives !
two dead ~all hostages freed ~one gunman ~which is it media ? facts
sydney siege ends after 16 hours . indian hostage rescued safely .
did obama the muslom terrorist on the side of iran , say anything about sydney yet ?
police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after heavily armed police stormed the downtown cafe :
your american cousins share your anger as terrorism takes aussie lives !
police storm sydney siege cafe - thank god the siege is over
police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after heavily armed police stormed the downtown cafe :
sydney cafe siege : gunman is named british sniper would have taken him out now yet again a muslim fanatic
video : the moment came to an end . via live :
i've been reading more about what's happening in sydney ; i really hope everyone's okay , i'm bloody terrified i'm in england .
police storm sydney siege cafe - thank god the siege is over
the police and tactical response team are amazing and brave
who was the brave camera man filming the sydney siege ?
police storm cafe where , murder suspect held |
i've been reading more about what's happening in sydney ; i really hope everyone's okay , i'm bloody terrified i'm in england .
theyre talking about the sydney siege on the news here wtf imagine being held hostage for so long thats so scary
the police and tactical response team are amazing and brave
if the gunman is alive , he's going to need judge masipa .
police storm cafe where , murder suspect held |
hope no backlash in australia , after the sydney tragedy .
'#sydney siege is over . more details to follow .'
yes and this news is everywhere around the world through this social media
theyre talking about the sydney siege on the news here wtf imagine being held hostage for so long thats so scary
sky news reports at least four hostages have been injured , but their condition is unknown . updating :
if the gunman is alive , he's going to need judge masipa .
had an irani overload today but all's well that ends well .
hope no backlash in australia , after the sydney tragedy .
let this be a lesson that the bad guys don't win !
yes and this news is everywhere around the world through this social media
if hotages taker name is haron monis so , he's not among us -yam-
sky news reports at least four hostages have been injured , but their condition is unknown . updating :
horrible what's happening sydney wow
had an irani overload today but all's well that ends well .
police : sydney hostage situation over
let this be a lesson that the bad guys don't win !
our reaction to these jihadis will be so vehement that even u jd u types wd cease to exist .
if hotages taker name is haron monis so , he's not among us -yam-
i pray 4 all those commuting via public transport in sydney today . nothing brings out internalised racism better than an incident like this
horrible what's happening sydney wow
woke up - turned on the tv - sydney siege is over - people running out - shot fired inside police storm in - i hope everyone is ok !
police : sydney hostage situation over
news special report : tactical units storm sydney cafe - live on tv and
our reaction to these jihadis will be so vehement that even u jd u types wd cease to exist .
sydney siege : face of islamist 'gunman' as five hostages flee coffee shop : the state parliament house is a few
i pray 4 all those commuting via public transport in sydney today . nothing brings out internalised racism better than an incident like this
the siege is over . at least one hostage hurt ; status unknown . ditto of the hostage-taker .
woke up - turned on the tv - sydney siege is over - people running out - shot fired inside police storm in - i hope everyone is ok !
i seem to have developed a slight australian accent . thankfully , it seems to be over now .
news special report : tactical units storm sydney cafe - live on tv and
not the ended we hoped for but thank christ it is over
sydney siege : face of islamist 'gunman' as five hostages flee coffee shop : the state parliament house is a few
crazy scenes of gunfire from central sydney today . thoughts with everyone involved .
the siege is over . at least one hostage hurt ; status unknown . ditto of the hostage-taker .
- police confirm sydney siege is over . photo : peter parks
i seem to have developed a slight australian accent . thankfully , it seems to be over now .
my prayers go out to the families that lost loved ones due to the and those affected by it . praying for peace for all of you
not the ended we hoped for but thank christ it is over
sydney cafe siege : police storm site - wall street journal (sent from headlines )
crazy scenes of gunfire from central sydney today . thoughts with everyone involved .
imo knowing who the gunman was , it wasn't a terrorist attack . he was getting desperate bc he was facing jail time .
- police confirm sydney siege is over . photo : peter parks
tweet at me first when horrific and senseless is over . is just lookling for attention .seriously, want to talk to pm ?#nuts
my prayers go out to the families that lost loved ones due to the and those affected by it . praying for peace for all of you
breaking news - siege of cafe in sydney overaustralian channel seven reporting two people dead and three
sydney cafe siege : police storm site - wall street journal (sent from headlines )
reports at least two other people were wheeled out of cafe in sydney on stretchers at end of 16 -hour hostage standoff .
imo knowing who the gunman was , it wasn't a terrorist attack . he was getting desperate bc he was facing jail time .
despite everything thats happening its still good to see that australians stand with the muslim community .
tweet at me first when horrific and senseless is over . is just lookling for attention .seriously, want to talk to pm ?#nuts
appearances of the hostages are as informative as the gunman's . sydney's a melting pot effects of terrorism is all-inclusive
breaking news - siege of cafe in sydney overaustralian channel seven reporting two people dead and three
just heated it's over hope everyone's okay
reports at least two other people were wheeled out of cafe in sydney on stretchers at end of 16 -hour hostage standoff .
sydney terrorist attack .. 30 + hostages at the start . it's over now . police shot up the cafe . a women died
despite everything thats happening its still good to see that australians stand with the muslim community .
i'm glad the hostage situation in sydney is coming to an end but heartbroken for all those involved .
appearances of the hostages are as informative as the gunman's . sydney's a melting pot effects of terrorism is all-inclusive
my heart goes to 2 people who passed away in
just heated it's over hope everyone's okay
breaking : australian police confirm sydney siege is over - afp
sydney terrorist attack .. 30 + hostages at the start . it's over now . police shot up the cafe . a women died
awful to hear the news of 2 dead in the . absolute disgrace
i'm glad the hostage situation in sydney is coming to an end but heartbroken for all those involved .
wait for liberals to come out and say was a fake encounter and say aus police did not follow due process of law .
my heart goes to 2 people who passed away in
rest in peace whoever died in the sydney hostage today :(
breaking : australian police confirm sydney siege is over - afp
round up a load of muslims take them to that sydney cafe , shoot them in the head 1 by 1 untill that cunts gives in or kills himself .
awful to hear the news of 2 dead in the . absolute disgrace
injured hostage taken to an ambulance after shots were fired - pix afp
wait for liberals to come out and say was a fake encounter and say aus police did not follow due process of law .
cowards with guns using religion and politics as an excuse to terrify , harm and kill innocent people are soulless .
rest in peace whoever died in the sydney hostage today :(
hoping that the 2 people who apparently died didn't i'm fucking
round up a load of muslims take them to that sydney cafe , shoot them in the head 1 by 1 untill that cunts gives in or kills himself .
the world is a cruel place and no one deserves to be taken away from their loved ones
injured hostage taken to an ambulance after shots were fired - pix afp
i'm tearing up at the footage from sydney that is so scary
cowards with guns using religion and politics as an excuse to terrify , harm and kill innocent people are soulless .
i find it amazing that sky news is playing down the islamic extremism of the sydney hostage taker and going on about him being 'troubled'.
the world is a cruel place and no one deserves to be taken away from their loved ones
beating the terrorist mindset : shows support for sydney's muslims after extremist attack
i'm tearing up at the footage from sydney that is so scary
47 charges against him and he was having a cup of coffee in the lindt cafe . . hmmm
i find it amazing that sky news is playing down the islamic extremism of the sydney hostage taker and going on about him being 'troubled'.
17 hours later . siege over . two people reported dead . not confirmed whether one is the gunman .
2 people dead in !rip in a place free of religion , hatred and terrorism .
for sydney ! photos from his first day /night with the new family !
beating the terrorist mindset : shows support for sydney's muslims after extremist attack
police say hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily armed police storm downtown cafe :
47 charges against him and he was having a cup of coffee in the lindt cafe . . hmmm
gunshots at sydney hostage scene sr =sharebar_twitter
for sydney ! photos from his first day /night with the new family !
gunshots at sydney hostage scene (iranian jihadist ) - 2 reported dead
police say hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily armed police storm downtown cafe :
sydney siege is over . .after gunfire and explosions ..hopefully the terrorist is dead
gunshots at sydney hostage scene sr =sharebar_twitter
thoughts and prayers to the people of sydney philadelphia
hostage situation is over , aus . tv reporting 2 dead but it's not clear if the gunman is one of them .
only seen stuff like this on tv . to think it's happening in my country terrifies me !
gunshots at sydney hostage scene (iranian jihadist ) - 2 reported dead
siege . he should have been behind the bars with the number of run in with the law . i hope and pray there is no casualty .
sydney siege is over . .after gunfire and explosions ..hopefully the terrorist is dead
that hostage cafe in sydney is scary stuff the worlds gone absolutely mad
thoughts and prayers to the people of sydney philadelphia
gives me goosebumps seeing the faces of the hostages as they run free . lucky they got out - at least 3 are injured
only seen stuff like this on tv . to think it's happening in my country terrifies me !
glad to hear is over , hope everyone is fine ! our thoughts are with you !
siege . he should have been behind the bars with the number of run in with the law . i hope and pray there is no casualty .
australia we are all thinking of you
that hostage cafe in sydney is scary stuff the worlds gone absolutely mad
why didn't they just sniper the gunman ? instead of letting the siege go so long now people have died
gives me goosebumps seeing the faces of the hostages as they run free . lucky they got out - at least 3 are injured
tossing flash bang . tango down
glad to hear is over , hope everyone is fine ! our thoughts are with you !
i seriously think the police have seriously fucked themselves over now . i have a feeling bombs are going to go off .
australia we are all thinking of you
several hostages have been taken to sydney hospitals , including royal prince alfred hospital .
why didn't they just sniper the gunman ? instead of letting the siege go so long now people have died
monis ,the true muslim ,who believes in allah is terrorizing sydney , murdered his ex-wife ,committed sexual assaults .
tossing flash bang . tango down
australians took an entire day's foootage over a by a frustrated man , (who happened to be muslim ). then trended
i seriously think the police have seriously fucked themselves over now . i have a feeling bombs are going to go off .
i honestly thought this sydney thing was going to be a real ridiculous failed attempt at scaring people , but to find out two people died .
several hostages have been taken to sydney hospitals , including royal prince alfred hospital .
hey obama ..still think your muslim buddies are cool ? ask the families of the 2 dead in cafe in sydney and those held hostage and wounded .
monis ,the true muslim ,who believes in allah is terrorizing sydney , murdered his ex-wife ,committed sexual assaults .
is over unconfirmed : 2 dead , 5 gravely injured this is a dark , dark day for sydney , australia
australians took an entire day's foootage over a by a frustrated man , (who happened to be muslim ). then trended
that fella the white shirt in sydney running has he just won a marathon
i honestly thought this sydney thing was going to be a real ridiculous failed attempt at scaring people , but to find out two people died .
police have stormed the cafe in sydney where a gunman was holding hostages
hey obama ..still think your muslim buddies are cool ? ask the families of the 2 dead in cafe in sydney and those held hostage and wounded .
police storm sydney cafe ; shots fired - the hindu
is over unconfirmed : 2 dead , 5 gravely injured this is a dark , dark day for sydney , australia
all i'm waiting for is confirmation on the wellbeing of the hostages
that fella the white shirt in sydney running has he just won a marathon
muslim cleric man haron monis named as hostage taker in sydney siege via
police have stormed the cafe in sydney where a gunman was holding hostages
thoughts are with sydney and those innocent people who have lost their lives .
police storm sydney cafe ; shots fired - the hindu
breaking : '#sydneysiege is over ' confirm nsw police :
all i'm waiting for is confirmation on the wellbeing of the hostages
i didn't hear of deaths , only people needed cpr
muslim cleric man haron monis named as hostage taker in sydney siege via
koki : police say sydney cafe hostage situation over
thoughts are with sydney and those innocent people who have lost their lives .
police : 'we are being tested today in sydney ' love this speech . i want him to be our premiere !
breaking : '#sydneysiege is over ' confirm nsw police :
let's keep thoughts and prayers for those injured
i didn't hear of deaths , only people needed cpr
our prayers to the loved ones of those killed or injured . all terrorism is evil , no matter what it stands for .
police : 'we are being tested today in sydney ' love this speech . i want him to be our premiere !
: is over after 17 hrs i can imagine what those people went through .
let's keep thoughts and prayers for those injured
modi should answer why he didn't protect the indians in the siege !! nation wants to know !! sir ornab !
our prayers to the loved ones of those killed or injured . all terrorism is evil , no matter what it stands for .
video footage : shows police storming sydney siege cafe :
police : sydney hostage situation over c
praying for hostages .also please don't go around targeting muslims because of a fucking lunatic . he does not represent us all .
: is over after 17 hrs i can imagine what those people went through .
watching those poor people running for their lives out of the cafe is terrifying .
modi should answer why he didn't protect the indians in the siege !! nation wants to know !! sir ornab !
got a guy causing complete chaos in sydney with one damn shotgun makes no sense .
video footage : shows police storming sydney siege cafe :
watching cnn and the reports on the end of sydney siege serous use of fire .they reporting deaths . so upset .
praying for hostages .also please don't go around targeting muslims because of a fucking lunatic . he does not represent us all .
my thoughts are with the family members of the hostages in and now , of the officers and their families .
watching those poor people running for their lives out of the cafe is terrifying .
thank god the is over . hats off to the police who have done a very good job in rescuing the hostages .
got a guy causing complete chaos in sydney with one damn shotgun makes no sense .
the gunman became violent after the 6 hostages fled they moved in only after he started shooting , they didn't plan to storm the shop
watching cnn and the reports on the end of sydney siege serous use of fire .they reporting deaths . so upset .
sydney lindt cafe siege live : gunfire and explosions heard as more hostages e
my thoughts are with the family members of the hostages in and now , of the officers and their families .
is going to report anything on the shootings going on right now ? 5 killed already . we are focused on instead ?
thank god the is over . hats off to the police who have done a very good job in rescuing the hostages .
thoughts are with sydney . hoping everyone stays safe
the gunman became violent after the 6 hostages fled they moved in only after he started shooting , they didn't plan to storm the shop
sydney cafe siege : gunman identified , described as muslim cleric - the armed man who has been holding
sydney lindt cafe siege live : gunfire and explosions heard as more hostages e
police in sydney australia say a hostage situation at a downtown cafe is over after 16 hours .#sx
is going to report anything on the shootings going on right now ? 5 killed already . we are focused on instead ?
thank goodness the is over ! my heart goes out to all those who were affected . wishing the injured hostages a speedy recovery !
thoughts are with sydney . hoping everyone stays safe
nsw police cannot confirm rpts that 2 ppl dead in , but confirm siege is over .
police in sydney australia say a hostage situation at a downtown cafe is over after 16 hours .#sx
sydney's with its problems and imma go there next july o kay
thank goodness the is over ! my heart goes out to all those who were affected . wishing the injured hostages a speedy recovery !
look folks what happened in sydney , australia has happened here and could happen again . please wake up and stay vigilant .
nsw police cannot confirm rpts that 2 ppl dead in , but confirm siege is over .
surely if australians would give away occupied sydney there would be no terror attacks ?
sydney police storm cafe where iranian jihadist was holding hostages - sydney police storm cafe where
shit , bad things are happening in sydney :( deaths reported .
sydney's with its problems and imma go there next july o kay
now let's hope the have the gunman !
look folks what happened in sydney , australia has happened here and could happen again . please wake up and stay vigilant .
isis , understand that doing such things won't help you but rather make things worse for fellow muslims around the world .
surely if australians would give away occupied sydney there would be no terror attacks ?
incredible pics of hostages fleeing from the . horrifying to watch
shit , bad things are happening in sydney :( deaths reported .
thank god the is over . thoughts with the hostages and their families .
now let's hope the have the gunman !
sydney siege : two feared dead as police storm coffee shop .
isis , understand that doing such things won't help you but rather make things worse for fellow muslims around the world .
australian police says is over hostages released
incredible pics of hostages fleeing from the . horrifying to watch
gunshots . i hope the casualties , if thr had to be any , were minimal . imagine the anxiety their friends families are goin thru
thank god the is over . thoughts with the hostages and their families .
translation for international media - a paddy wagon is a police van with portable lock-up facility .
sydney siege : two feared dead as police storm coffee shop .
our hearts go out to the hostages and their families . it will be a terribly difficult road ahead .
australian police says is over hostages released
sydney siege ends in a shoot-out ok corral style . two injuries . two dead . hostage killed in crossfire as police kill gunman , who fired first
gunshots . i hope the casualties , if thr had to be any , were minimal . imagine the anxiety their friends families are goin thru
sydney siege is over . read more here --
translation for international media - a paddy wagon is a police van with portable lock-up facility .
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named living strong tv
our hearts go out to the hostages and their families . it will be a terribly difficult road ahead .
two dead , threee injured , state broadcaster abc reports
sydney siege ends in a shoot-out ok corral style . two injuries . two dead . hostage killed in crossfire as police kill gunman , who fired first
guy charged with accessory to wife's murder , 40 counts of sex assault and showed signs of radicalization was released on bail ?
sydney siege is over . read more here --
idiots like those responsible for innocent lives lost in is the closest you can be to being .seriously !
two dead , threee injured , state broadcaster abc reports
know these people ? 4 robberies across sydney's south-west .
guy charged with accessory to wife's murder , 40 counts of sex assault and showed signs of radicalization was released on bail ?
well done for staying strong sydney , thoughts and love are with the families with passed and injured loved ones
idiots like those responsible for innocent lives lost in is the closest you can be to being .seriously !
is over . i have tears and goosebumps . today was eerily reminiscent of /11 mumbai attacks . may god watch over those injured .
police storm sydney hostage cafe
no one harmed in thank fuck . and now over . really hope this opens everyone's eyes to these scum , they need to be dealt with .
know these people ? 4 robberies across sydney's south-west .
well done australian police for putting that cockroach down . no matter what happens you will not divide us .
well done for staying strong sydney , thoughts and love are with the families with passed and injured loved ones
price gouging , attacks on women , threatening journalists--i'm done with evil
is over . i have tears and goosebumps . today was eerily reminiscent of /11 mumbai attacks . may god watch over those injured .
the is more propaganda to make muslims look bad . why is it that when christians commit crimes , they don't focus on their ..
no one harmed in thank fuck . and now over . really hope this opens everyone's eyes to these scum , they need to be dealt with .
the cafe siege in sydney is reported to be over . police stormed the lindt cafe , where a gunman had been holding up to 30 people hostage .
well done australian police for putting that cockroach down . no matter what happens you will not divide us .
new post : security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named
price gouging , attacks on women , threatening journalists--i'm done with evil
such a shame two innocent people had to die because of one fanatic maniac .
the is more propaganda to make muslims look bad . why is it that when christians commit crimes , they don't focus on their ..
may god bless the 2 souls that have departed , and may the 3 who are injured be well soon !
the cafe siege in sydney is reported to be over . police stormed the lindt cafe , where a gunman had been holding up to 30 people hostage .
some mainstream indian news channel already talking about terror in india , could have waited for to over .
new post : security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named
okay . better make sure we treat hostage-taker with dignity respect or else american media will try to destroy you .
such a shame two innocent people had to die because of one fanatic maniac .
rip to those who died in sydney , my prayers are with you
may god bless the 2 souls that have departed , and may the 3 who are injured be well soon !
the scenes in sydney are awful and those poor people having the most terrifying moment of their lives played out on live tv . so shocking
some mainstream indian news channel already talking about terror in india , could have waited for to over .
thank god everything is alright at sydney !!!
okay . better make sure we treat hostage-taker with dignity respect or else american media will try to destroy you .
you'll ride with them today and they will kill your family tomorrow , this is islam .
rip to those who died in sydney , my prayers are with you
just watching the footage , and it is shocking to know that this still happens ? they're some sick people in this world
the scenes in sydney are awful and those poor people having the most terrifying moment of their lives played out on live tv . so shocking
yeah i'm crying seeing the footage of the recent hostages running
thank god everything is alright at sydney !!!
abc news australia : suspect at center of wrote harassing letters to families of dead australian soldiers .
you'll ride with them today and they will kill your family tomorrow , this is islam .
good to hear that is over - hopefully those injured will get the medical attention they need and that this never happens again .
just watching the footage , and it is shocking to know that this still happens ? they're some sick people in this world
good media management has contributed to successful outcome . lessons learnt post 26 /11 ?
yeah i'm crying seeing the footage of the recent hostages running
video n pictures on the news on the are horrible . my thoughts are with them .
abc news australia : suspect at center of wrote harassing letters to families of dead australian soldiers .
'a hostage situation at a sydney cafe has come to an end , after police stormed the scene ,' reports
good to hear that is over - hopefully those injured will get the medical attention they need and that this never happens again .
- we have now seen that u care about reporting about a - that btw wasnt a siege -we are waiting 4 reports !
good media management has contributed to successful outcome . lessons learnt post 26 /11 ?
they're taking hostages out of that sydney cafe and i really hope no one was hurt .
video n pictures on the news on the are horrible . my thoughts are with them .
i'm no crazy nra member , but how can you bring up re : - australia banned guns
'a hostage situation at a sydney cafe has come to an end , after police stormed the scene ,' reports
police sources have confirmed to 2 people have been killed
- we have now seen that u care about reporting about a - that btw wasnt a siege -we are waiting 4 reports !
relieved it's over but tragic for those who lost their lives . well done to australian police - no choice swiftly ended
they're taking hostages out of that sydney cafe and i really hope no one was hurt .
here's video of final dramatic moments from , via australia's public broadcaster
i'm no crazy nra member , but how can you bring up re : - australia banned guns
police say siege in sydney is over , two dead , three seriously injured
police sources have confirmed to 2 people have been killed
sydney hostages injured , siege over
relieved it's over but tragic for those who lost their lives . well done to australian police - no choice swiftly ended
so sounds that gunman having all characteristics of mohammad the profit . very true moslem
here's video of final dramatic moments from , via australia's public broadcaster
there's still no word of whether or not the gunman is alive
police say siege in sydney is over , two dead , three seriously injured
i think the police tactical team just responded accordingly i hope the hostages will ok
sydney hostages injured , siege over
police have confirmed that the is now over , but 2 people may have lost their lives .
so sounds that gunman having all characteristics of mohammad the profit . very true moslem
oz got criminals , us got puritans , yet sydney used swat only for a hostage situation while st louis uses swat for a citizen protest . *sigh*
there's still no word of whether or not the gunman is alive
timeline of events ! why was this terrorist on our streets walking free is beyond me
i think the police tactical team just responded accordingly i hope the hostages will ok
media clampdown on gunman publicising events inside . 'added a huge protective layer around future attacks in australia '#bbc (1)
police have confirmed that the is now over , but 2 people may have lost their lives .
identity revealed of gunman in a very troubled history
oz got criminals , us got puritans , yet sydney used swat only for a hostage situation while st louis uses swat for a citizen protest . *sigh*
the 16 -hour is over . this is the unhinged person responsible :
timeline of events ! why was this terrorist on our streets walking free is beyond me
local media is reporting 2 people are dead in .
media clampdown on gunman publicising events inside . 'added a huge protective layer around future attacks in australia '#bbc (1)
a lot of confusion over reports of the end of . 2 thought to have died , another 3 seriously injured . thoughts with all involved .
identity revealed of gunman in a very troubled history
someone give me the tl ;dr of the sydney situation , i haven't been able to keep up at work
the 16 -hour is over . this is the unhinged person responsible :
sad update : 2 killed and 3 injured reported in the
local media is reporting 2 people are dead in .
from tomorrow indian media will chase indian survivor of ankit reddy ask stupid ques like how were u feeling during hostage ?
a lot of confusion over reports of the end of . 2 thought to have died , another 3 seriously injured . thoughts with all involved .
footage of the police storming the cafe is available at the abc news 24 website
someone give me the tl ;dr of the sydney situation , i haven't been able to keep up at work
can't handle all the half-information and unconfirmed stats . gonna wait at least an hour before i look at all this again .
sad update : 2 killed and 3 injured reported in the
so awful to see the situation in sydney at the minute
from tomorrow indian media will chase indian survivor of ankit reddy ask stupid ques like how were u feeling during hostage ?
2 people have been confirmed dead . it is unknown if one was the gunman
footage of the police storming the cafe is available at the abc news 24 website
police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours . details
can't handle all the half-information and unconfirmed stats . gonna wait at least an hour before i look at all this again .
holy fuck where the hell has the gunman gone shit
so awful to see the situation in sydney at the minute
fucking hell so much crap reporting and misinformation . everyone wants to be the one to 'break the story '
2 people have been confirmed dead . it is unknown if one was the gunman
and the gunman was so stupid as to not block all exits ?!
police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours . details
i'm so glad it's finally over .
holy fuck where the hell has the gunman gone shit
ends with two casualties fatally wounded three others nursing serious wounds , the rest freed after 16 hrs of siege . armageddon .
fucking hell so much crap reporting and misinformation . everyone wants to be the one to 'break the story '
lots of vehicle action on macquarie st where i'm stood 150 m from martin pl . ambulances rushing out , police cars rushing in .
and the gunman was so stupid as to not block all exits ?!
people of sydney are lucky . these well trained , highly dedicated officers who are willing to lay down their lives for them .
i'm so glad it's finally over .
nah main targets would be darling harbour / sydney harbour .
ends with two casualties fatally wounded three others nursing serious wounds , the rest freed after 16 hrs of siege . armageddon .
thank god the sydney siege is over the innocent civilians are safe .
lots of vehicle action on macquarie st where i'm stood 150 m from martin pl . ambulances rushing out , police cars rushing in .
police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by a g
people of sydney are lucky . these well trained , highly dedicated officers who are willing to lay down their lives for them .
police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a downtown cafe :
nah main targets would be darling harbour / sydney harbour .
sydney siege is over . very surprised that ban ki moon wasn't worried this time .#sydneysiege
thank god the sydney siege is over the innocent civilians are safe .
ap : police say sydney cafe hostage situation over
police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by a g
several hostages have been taken to hospitals , including royal prince alfred hospital .
police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a downtown cafe :
one staff member and two customers appear to have escaped the hostage crisis at cafe
sydney siege is over . very surprised that ban ki moon wasn't worried this time .#sydneysiege
for their incredible efforts in the share the tag and show the love
ap : police say sydney cafe hostage situation over
tony benn was motivated by politics ; gordon brown is motivated by politics . is motivated by celestial virgins . ok !?
several hostages have been taken to hospitals , including royal prince alfred hospital .
i'm so upset bc if the sydney siege
for their incredible efforts in the share the tag and show the love
nsw police brilliant job done no matter what australians think abt police they are always there for you seige is over !!
tony benn was motivated by politics ; gordon brown is motivated by politics . is motivated by celestial virgins . ok !?
the is finally over after police stormed the cafe
thinking of everyone in australia , especially those caught up in the hostage crisis .
i just switched on newskinda confusedwhats happening ko sydney ????
nsw police brilliant job done no matter what australians think abt police they are always there for you seige is over !!
hostage siege ends sydney (ap) _ amid a flurry of loud bangs , police have stormed a cafe in sydney ,
the is finally over after police stormed the cafe
to everyone in sydney , all are grieving for the hostages that have passed pray for all . a truly heartbreaking situation
i just switched on newskinda confusedwhats happening ko sydney ????
the siege of sydney is over . unbelievable scenes - its like something out of a movie . so surreal . prayers for the hostages
hostage siege ends sydney (ap) _ amid a flurry of loud bangs , police have stormed a cafe in sydney ,
so it looks like the sydney siege is over hopefully with no or minimal casualties :(
to everyone in sydney , all are grieving for the hostages that have passed pray for all . a truly heartbreaking situation
this video reminds me of call of duty , but glad it's over
security forces storm sydney cafe where hostages held , gunfire heard ; six captives flee via
and the siege of sydney is over . police 1 - idiot radical 0 i must say i did tell she who i drink coffee with
the siege of sydney is over . unbelievable scenes - its like something out of a movie . so surreal . prayers for the hostages
suspect , 49 -year-old man haron monis , received political asylum in australia in 1996 was on bail facing number of charges
so it looks like the sydney siege is over hopefully with no or minimal casualties :(
incredible courage shown by law enforcement thank you for doing your best to keep our city safe
this video reminds me of call of duty , but glad it's over
is over . pray for those caught in the crossfire . i feel like now i can sleep . i've been following it since 4 am time .
and the siege of sydney is over . police 1 - idiot radical 0 i must say i did tell she who i drink coffee with
loving how professional 's coverage of the shoutoots is . waiting to confirm reports specifying unconfirmed sources .
suspect , 49 -year-old man haron monis , received political asylum in australia in 1996 was on bail facing number of charges
australians use hashtag in solidarity with muslims
incredible courage shown by law enforcement thank you for doing your best to keep our city safe
don't bog me .i have given many references on my tl . no go home .i'm busy exposing gita today aryan invasion of india
is over . pray for those caught in the crossfire . i feel like now i can sleep . i've been following it since 4 am time .
well done to all whom brought this to an end . prayers go to the person killed . time to reflect and get back to normality .
loving how professional 's coverage of the shoutoots is . waiting to confirm reports specifying unconfirmed sources .
when will peaceful community become truly peaceful
australians use hashtag in solidarity with muslims
sydney in australia is done with bad people . market is starting pick up
don't bog me .i have given many references on my tl . no go home .i'm busy exposing gita today aryan invasion of india
the siege is over , and the gunman is most probably dead . hopefully , he is dead .
well done to all whom brought this to an end . prayers go to the person killed . time to reflect and get back to normality .
can somebody tell me what's going on oh my
when will peaceful community become truly peaceful
that infosys dude who was held as hostage in sydney must have updated his status on facebook immediately .
sydney in australia is done with bad people . market is starting pick up
one of the hostages who escaped runs out into the street with h ands up , and lays on the ground
the siege is over , and the gunman is most probably dead . hopefully , he is dead .
breaking : reports of 2 dead as siege ends -- more at 11 am . listen
can somebody tell me what's going on oh my
supposedly the hostages in the cafe in sydney have been released
that infosys dude who was held as hostage in sydney must have updated his status on facebook immediately .
an injured hostage is carried to an ambulance after shots were fired during the
one of the hostages who escaped runs out into the street with h ands up , and lays on the ground
why does the media give so much attention to one lone-nut gunman ? this is exactly what these nutjobs want !
breaking : reports of 2 dead as siege ends -- more at 11 am . listen
oh my god can everyone in sydney please stay safe
supposedly the hostages in the cafe in sydney have been released
police negotiators on site working for a peaceful resolution .
an injured hostage is carried to an ambulance after shots were fired during the
fresh bed sheets , a cup of tea and a good nights rest with their loved ones is what these people need .
why does the media give so much attention to one lone-nut gunman ? this is exactly what these nutjobs want !
please stop wasting time with prayers . obsession with fucking praying is why we are in this position
oh my god can everyone in sydney please stay safe
may god take care their souls the family australia
fresh bed sheets , a cup of tea and a good nights rest with their loved ones is what these people need .
just the knowledge that one armed citizen may be in that cafe might have prevented the gunman from acting .
please stop wasting time with prayers . obsession with fucking praying is why we are in this position
i guess talking about in starbucks is not the most welcome
may god take care their souls the family australia
man haron monis - hardly a guy anyone would want to see as defender of any faith .#sydneysiege
the is over , nsw police have confirmed .
sydney crisis is over .thanks god .all hostages are safe .
just the knowledge that one armed citizen may be in that cafe might have prevented the gunman from acting .
seeing cpr being done on the person dragged out will long live in memoryshocked . live tv can be horrific .
i guess talking about in starbucks is not the most welcome
if you flee persecution , are granted asylum and then use your freedom to persecute others , you should be sent back .
man haron monis - hardly a guy anyone would want to see as defender of any faith .#sydneysiege
sydney siege gunman id'd as 'hate sheikh ' after 5 hostages frantically escape : via security isn't an inconvenience
sydney crisis is over .thanks god .all hostages are safe .
:people posing for selfies at sydney terror siege | daily mail online got no class .
seeing cpr being done on the person dragged out will long live in memoryshocked . live tv can be horrific .
hearing that the sydney crisis is ending , hopefully everyone is ok ! thoughts and prayers go out to anyone involved
if you flee persecution , are granted asylum and then use your freedom to persecute others , you should be sent back .
my heart goes out to all involved , except for the terrorist , i hope he rots .-gunshots at sydney hostage scene
sydney siege gunman id'd as 'hate sheikh ' after 5 hostages frantically escape : via security isn't an inconvenience
wishing only good things for the hostages after the police stormed the cafe
:people posing for selfies at sydney terror siege | daily mail online got no class .
studied the gunman , monis , in constitutional law this semester . no wonder he was so well-known to police . absolutely shocking .
hearing that the sydney crisis is ending , hopefully everyone is ok ! thoughts and prayers go out to anyone involved
well done sydney police department , what a sterling job . stand up and be proud !
my heart goes out to all involved , except for the terrorist , i hope he rots .-gunshots at sydney hostage scene
is over , gunman is a self-styled shia black-magic practitioner from iran who was on bail over murder
wishing only good things for the hostages after the police stormed the cafe
holy shit !! my brother was right near it . he had to evacuate with a load of others .
studied the gunman , monis , in constitutional law this semester . no wonder he was so well-known to police . absolutely shocking .
watch gunfire erupt and hostages flee chocolate shop as ends
well done sydney police department , what a sterling job . stand up and be proud !
i remember visiting some years ago .scary to think now how any place anywhere is vulnerable .
is over , gunman is a self-styled shia black-magic practitioner from iran who was on bail over murder
police storm sydney cafe ; shots fired : a flurry of loud bangs erupted early on tuesday as a swarm of heavily a
holy shit !! my brother was right near it . he had to evacuate with a load of others .
half past december and our memory is refreshed of 26 /11 because of
watch gunfire erupt and hostages flee chocolate shop as ends
breaking : police storm sydney cafe where armed gunman has been holding hostages for more than 16 hours
i remember visiting some years ago .scary to think now how any place anywhere is vulnerable .
legitimately curious : why wait 15 hours before making a move in hostage situation ?
police storm sydney cafe ; shots fired : a flurry of loud bangs erupted early on tuesday as a swarm of heavily a
an update on the hostages taken by islamic extremist in sydney australia .
half past december and our memory is refreshed of 26 /11 because of
so glad the is over !! everyone stay safe x
legitimately curious : why wait 15 hours before making a move in hostage situation ?
police stormed a cafe in downtown sydney where hostages had been held at gunpoint
an update on the hostages taken by islamic extremist in sydney australia .
police identify gunman in sydney hostage siege
so glad the is over !! everyone stay safe x
that is absolutely terrifying . i can't even begin to imagine , i hope everyone who was held hostage is ok
dtn kerala : police storm sydney cafe ; shots fired : a flurry of loud bangs erupted early on tuesday as a swarm
to make entry in that manner there was dramatic threat to hostages . there was no discussion .
police stormed a cafe in downtown sydney where hostages had been held at gunpoint
remember anders breivik , who killed 77 people in norway in 2011 ? that's terrorism , as is . terrorism has no place in islam .
that is absolutely terrifying . i can't even begin to imagine , i hope everyone who was held hostage is ok
reporters on scene counted 11 escaped hostages before police moved in .
to make entry in that manner there was dramatic threat to hostages . there was no discussion .
impressed how australian pm dealt with giving in to no demands of terrorist unlike our kandahar hostage fiasco .
remember anders breivik , who killed 77 people in norway in 2011 ? that's terrorism , as is . terrorism has no place in islam .
thoughts and prayers to everyone in australia today .
hope the rumours of 2 people dying in the sydney siege are just rumours . thank god it came to an end and everyone is safe
police report says 2 dead ,and 3 wounded due to the australian siege at sydney cafe ,and the siege is over
reporters on scene counted 11 escaped hostages before police moved in .
relief and sadness as comes to an end . thoughts with all down under .
impressed how australian pm dealt with giving in to no demands of terrorist unlike our kandahar hostage fiasco .
confirmed : one hostage is dead . gunman has been shot .
thoughts and prayers to everyone in australia today .
delighted that the sydney siege is over and that stephanie , cormac and andrea are safe now . scary .
police report says 2 dead ,and 3 wounded due to the australian siege at sydney cafe ,and the siege is over
i hope its just a rumour and that nobody is dead oh god please
relief and sadness as comes to an end . thoughts with all down under .
now that the sydney siege is over can we actually concentrate on the shootings in philly ?
confirmed : one hostage is dead . gunman has been shot .
watch : video captures moment police storm sydney cafe with hostages via
delighted that the sydney siege is over and that stephanie , cormac and andrea are safe now . scary .
reports claim all hostages have been released . siege is over
i hope its just a rumour and that nobody is dead oh god please
the hostage crisis is now over as armed officers have stormed the building
now that the sydney siege is over can we actually concentrate on the shootings in philly ?
heavily armed police storm sydney cafe , several more hostages flee , 2 dead 3 seriously injured
watch : video captures moment police storm sydney cafe with hostages via
is over , don't know the situation of both hostage takers or the hostages .
reports claim all hostages have been released . siege is over
still can't draw myself away from the sydney coverage .
the hostage crisis is now over as armed officers have stormed the building
the gunman in sydney is a radical muslim that alone should be enough for people not to associate him with any other muslims
heavily armed police storm sydney cafe , several more hostages flee , 2 dead 3 seriously injured
just got to school half updated on the sydney siege , cant believe it but glad it's over
is over , don't know the situation of both hostage takers or the hostages .
me and keeping up to date with sydney siege . hate islamic mutts ay hazz ? i fkn do
still can't draw myself away from the sydney coverage .
that they not only return home safe , but they return to normality quickly after such a shocking ordeal
the gunman in sydney is a radical muslim that alone should be enough for people not to associate him with any other muslims
i need some magic in this world . i cant deal with this sydney hostage situation . no just no
just got to school half updated on the sydney siege , cant believe it but glad it's over
thoughts and prayers are with victims and first responders . only cowards terrorize innocent lives
that they not only return home safe , but they return to normality quickly after such a shocking ordeal
update : police confirm is over . reported injuries , it is still not clear what has happened to the suspect . via abc news
i need some magic in this world . i cant deal with this sydney hostage situation . no just no
u're mean lol .thank god my mom is in melbourne and not sydney
thoughts and prayers are with victims and first responders . only cowards terrorize innocent lives
breaking news on sydney , new south wales , au via
hope everyone involved in the sydney siege is ok . thoughts are with their families
i don't even live in sydney but i'm very worried for people . everyone in sydney please keep safe .
update : police confirm is over . reported injuries , it is still not clear what has happened to the suspect . via abc news
you cannot possibly be so uneducated that you blame an entire culture /religion for what's happening in sydney right now
u're mean lol .thank god my mom is in melbourne and not sydney
up to 5 dead in shooting , gunman barricaded in home ; swat teams also headed to
breaking news on sydney , new south wales , au via
the officers of the sydney police , so brave for going into that cafe . risking their lives to save others .
i don't even live in sydney but i'm very worried for people . everyone in sydney please keep safe .
hostage taker in sydney is an iranian mullah , shame on us
you cannot possibly be so uneducated that you blame an entire culture /religion for what's happening in sydney right now
such a nerve racking experience watching live footage of the final moments of the
up to 5 dead in shooting , gunman barricaded in home ; swat teams also headed to
want to know something deep ? i was meant to be in sydney yesturday for business and i would have gone there for coffee !!!!
the officers of the sydney police , so brave for going into that cafe . risking their lives to save others .
armed police storm a cafe in , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an iranian refugee who took dozens of hostages .
hostage taker in sydney is an iranian mullah , shame on us
police cannot confirm how many people remain in the building .
such a nerve racking experience watching live footage of the final moments of the
when did this happen ? what about sydney , or anyone else ?
want to know something deep ? i was meant to be in sydney yesturday for business and i would have gone there for coffee !!!!
ding dong , the sydney terrorist is dead ! which old terrorist ? the wicked terrorist !
armed police storm a cafe in , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an iranian refugee who took dozens of hostages .
ah . now was the worst time for you to reply with that hehthis whole sydney siege thing it's over but people died .
police cannot confirm how many people remain in the building .
kill terrorists now , thoughts and prayers later . but that's just me .
when did this happen ? what about sydney , or anyone else ?
please stop taking stupid selfies outside the siege !! gs .
ding dong , the sydney terrorist is dead ! which old terrorist ? the wicked terrorist !
i'm waiting for the police presser re : injuries /fatalities. anything else is speculation at this stage .
ah . now was the worst time for you to reply with that hehthis whole sydney siege thing it's over but people died .
i wonder how the sydney hostage situation is rn .
kill terrorists now , thoughts and prayers later . but that's just me .
dear , awaiting your tweet linking to rss . pls , v r running out of patience .
please stop taking stupid selfies outside the siege !! gs .
so you guys were just desperately waiting for the to end so you could release all your drafts , eh ?
i'm waiting for the police presser re : injuries /fatalities. anything else is speculation at this stage .
: unconfirmed reports suggest four people have been injured as ends :
i wonder how the sydney hostage situation is rn .
congrats belles ! brianna , barrie , elise , kennedy , mikayla sydney all received div . 1 medals dance competition this weekend
dear , awaiting your tweet linking to rss . pls , v r running out of patience .
it's going down in sydney . smh
so you guys were just desperately waiting for the to end so you could release all your drafts , eh ?
the police truck is right at the door wonder if it's for the bomb or for the gunman
: unconfirmed reports suggest four people have been injured as ends :
my prayers go out to those in sydney . one direction
congrats belles ! brianna , barrie , elise , kennedy , mikayla sydney all received div . 1 medals dance competition this weekend
australian media also reporting that 3 are in serious condition .
it's going down in sydney . smh
2 people confirmed dead and 3 are in serious condition as ends , says australian media .
the police truck is right at the door wonder if it's for the bomb or for the gunman
police just stormed the sydney cafe where hostages have been held for the past 16 hours
my prayers go out to those in sydney . one direction
arutz 7 : sydney siege ends in hail of gunfire : gunman named as radical muslim cleric man haron monis , '
australian media also reporting that 3 are in serious condition .
alert : news special reporttactical units storm sydney cafe - live on tv and
2 people confirmed dead and 3 are in serious condition as ends , says australian media .
australian bbc just confirmed 2 deaths including the gunman
police just stormed the sydney cafe where hostages have been held for the past 16 hours
media used suspect as anti spokesman in 2001 interview . he loved the west .
arutz 7 : sydney siege ends in hail of gunfire : gunman named as radical muslim cleric man haron monis , '
operation is over . dear haron monis , may your soul rest in 'pieces'.
alert : news special reporttactical units storm sydney cafe - live on tv and
outrage at selfies being snapped outside sydney siege
australian bbc just confirmed 2 deaths including the gunman
thinking of friends in australia /sydney in particular today
media used suspect as anti spokesman in 2001 interview . he loved the west .
sydney siege ends in hail of gunfire : gunman named as radical muslim cleric man haron monis ,
operation is over . dear haron monis , may your soul rest in 'pieces'.
r these australian social media reactions to the are perfect
outrage at selfies being snapped outside sydney siege
thanks god is over ! praying for all the victims !
thinking of friends in australia /sydney in particular today
sad to hear there are lives lost reported on . enough violence in the world . express yourselves peacefully !
sydney siege ends in hail of gunfire : gunman named as radical muslim cleric man haron monis ,
: police say hostage situation at sydney cafe is now over after heavily armed police stormed building -
r these australian social media reactions to the are perfect
the gunman became violent after 6 hostages fled .
thanks god is over ! praying for all the victims !
the situation in sydney is heartbreaking . thoughts go out to all the families and people involved .
sad to hear there are lives lost reported on . enough violence in the world . express yourselves peacefully !
update | police say sydney cafe hostage situation over . more here : and on at noon .
: police say hostage situation at sydney cafe is now over after heavily armed police stormed building -
my beloved sydney is safe once again with the seige now declared over . very proud of the nsw police for making
the gunman became violent after 6 hostages fled .
authorities have confirmed that is now over after police storm the building :
the situation in sydney is heartbreaking . thoughts go out to all the families and people involved .
, and fuck the pedophile fraud mohammed . shit be upon him .
update | police say sydney cafe hostage situation over . more here : and on at noon .
oh heavens no , 2 people confirmed dead and three in serious condition . at least one of the dead is the gunman .
my beloved sydney is safe once again with the seige now declared over . very proud of the nsw police for making
breaking : is over , hostage taker is arrested , 2 people dead , 3 in serious condition .
authorities have confirmed that is now over after police storm the building :
these warnings about being in sydney on new year are so frightening t_____________t
, and fuck the pedophile fraud mohammed . shit be upon him .
thoughts go out to family and friends of hostages rescued in sydney siege , all hopes for the best in this devastation .
oh heavens no , 2 people confirmed dead and three in serious condition . at least one of the dead is the gunman .
extremists people like gas at air without u notice them they will attack u they r all over the world .
breaking : is over , hostage taker is arrested , 2 people dead , 3 in serious condition .
two people are believed to have received cpr inside the lindt cafe
these warnings about being in sydney on new year are so frightening t_____________t
has anybody ever returned and told the stories of the afterlife for which they do all the killings ?
thoughts go out to family and friends of hostages rescued in sydney siege , all hopes for the best in this devastation .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over . learn more :
extremists people like gas at air without u notice them they will attack u they r all over the world .
is over . was never much of a siege or terrorist situation . more a mad man with issues who the feds let slip through their hands
two people are believed to have received cpr inside the lindt cafe
is over , police said .philadelphia, pennsylvania : at least 5 killed in accident shot .
has anybody ever returned and told the stories of the afterlife for which they do all the killings ?
seven news australia : two dead , three injured in hostage situation . one injured is a police officer .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over . learn more :
australia gives me so much hope ya allah
is over . was never much of a siege or terrorist situation . more a mad man with issues who the feds let slip through their hands
this rescue in is better than the luneta hostage crisis .
is over , police said .philadelphia, pennsylvania : at least 5 killed in accident shot .
amidst the , a pennsylvania gunman has killed 5 in a shooting spree tied to a domestic dispute
seven news australia : two dead , three injured in hostage situation . one injured is a police officer .
what is going on in sydney ?? :-( :-( :-( please give them strength lord !!
australia gives me so much hope ya allah
freedom , tolerance diversity = a soft target , but whether nyc , london , boston , or sydney-we will never yield to fear or extremism .
this rescue in is better than the luneta hostage crisis .
what really struck me was seeing all the bright lights from the gun fire illuminating the cafe . surreal horror .
amidst the , a pennsylvania gunman has killed 5 in a shooting spree tied to a domestic dispute
sydney seige over !! one large latte please .oh to go definitely .
freedom , tolerance diversity = a soft target , but whether nyc , london , boston , or sydney-we will never yield to fear or extremism .
that god that everyone appears to have got out without any serious injuries !
what really struck me was seeing all the bright lights from the gun fire illuminating the cafe . surreal horror .
: australian media reports two people killed , three in serious condition after storm cafe
sydney seige over !! one large latte please .oh to go definitely .
is it an act of violence against muslims to publicly acknowledge that islam calls for violence against non-muslims ?
hello i just woke up . so sydney siege is over ?? thank god . is everyone okay ? anybody hurt ?
thinking of all your fellow countrymen caught up in this horrific ordeal
that god that everyone appears to have got out without any serious injuries !
samajwadi party spokesperson tells arnab not to do politics over terrorism . oh the irony of it all .
: australian media reports two people killed , three in serious condition after storm cafe
thoughts very much with everyone affected by the right now , terrible to watch
is it an act of violence against muslims to publicly acknowledge that islam calls for violence against non-muslims ?
reuters : police stormed sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages 7 news sydney : 2 dead , 3 injuredbbc video :
thinking of all your fellow countrymen caught up in this horrific ordeal
terrible monday morning with all the uncertainties in sydney ..relieved it's ended ..hoping against hope the news re : two casualties is false .
samajwadi party spokesperson tells arnab not to do politics over terrorism . oh the irony of it all .
my thoughts are with the family members of the 2 people who sadly lost their lives tonight
thoughts very much with everyone affected by the right now , terrible to watch
nsw police confirm three people have been freed from the cafe under siege .
terrible monday morning with all the uncertainties in sydney ..relieved it's ended ..hoping against hope the news re : two casualties is false .
the way indian media is reacting to the sydney incident is absolutely pathetic and narrow minded . once again aiming at muslims .
my thoughts are with the family members of the 2 people who sadly lost their lives tonight
shit 2 dead , 3 in serious condition after the , australia's abc reports
nsw police confirm three people have been freed from the cafe under siege .
very relived that the is over , but did they catch the gunmen ?
the way indian media is reacting to the sydney incident is absolutely pathetic and narrow minded . once again aiming at muslims .
arc review : three the hard way by sydney croft on
shit 2 dead , 3 in serious condition after the , australia's abc reports
police have stormed the building of the sydney siege , hope everyone stays safe
very relived that the is over , but did they catch the gunmen ?
siege is over !! thank you lord for the safety of most of the hostages . prayers and thoughts to those injured and distressed
arc review : three the hard way by sydney croft on
the in sydney .light has prevailed over darkness .may god receive the souls of those who died ; and grant their families fortitude
police have stormed the building of the sydney siege , hope everyone stays safe
we all wish that you guys learn something from handling by australian media .
siege is over !! thank you lord for the safety of most of the hostages . prayers and thoughts to those injured and distressed
praise god the sydney siege is over .
that it gets better and for those matters to be taken as seriously as the sydney siege
how hamas /isis fanboys see the
the in sydney .light has prevailed over darkness .may god receive the souls of those who died ; and grant their families fortitude
nytimes : police storm sydney cafe to end hostage siege
we all wish that you guys learn something from handling by australian media .
sydney gunman's website promised vengeance against us , allies on december 14 th
praise god the sydney siege is over .
boom . full-on action , complete with flashbangs :
how hamas /isis fanboys see the
watching it now - awful awful end .
nytimes : police storm sydney cafe to end hostage siege
thinking of friends in sydney today , everyone caught up in the . stay strong !
sydney gunman's website promised vengeance against us , allies on december 14 th
oh no i can hear pamela valemont screemingthe sydney police are murderers ..what a crazy screwed up bitch she is !
boom . full-on action , complete with flashbangs :
wow ! nearly half a million tweets for
watching it now - awful awful end .
3 novices :sydney live : crisis ends as police storm lindt cafe , indian hostage reported safe tv footage showed two
thinking of friends in sydney today , everyone caught up in the . stay strong !
just waiting for the cops to say what happened
oh no i can hear pamela valemont screemingthe sydney police are murderers ..what a crazy screwed up bitch she is !
dead and 4 in critical condition , hostages started escaping so the gunman started shooting others in store .
wow ! nearly half a million tweets for
i'm seriously so worry about sydney i hope the people there are alright
just waiting for the cops to say what happened
breakingnews hostage taking over . details to follow !
i'm seriously so worry about sydney i hope the people there are alright
oh nosydney terrorist's prime demand is they want back as captain :)
seems odd that i have to go to to get live coverage of the .
i saw the news about the situation in sydney . i hope it ends ok everyone is safe . from all of us here and the usa !
breakingnews hostage taking over . details to follow !
zoomed in image of the rescue vehicle that has just pulled up .
full video : isis sydney siege hostages shooting !!! rt
cardiac arrest ? i thought the gunman (at least ) was shot ?
oh nosydney terrorist's prime demand is they want back as captain :)
if reports are true that 1 hostage has died , thats fucked . hindsight is 20 /20 but they should've maybe just shot prick this am
i saw the news about the situation in sydney . i hope it ends ok everyone is safe . from all of us here and the usa !
there are no words to describe the shock and sadness that all of sydney is feeling . prayers are with the families 3
zoomed in image of the rescue vehicle that has just pulled up .
too bad only the criminal had a gun in one armed patron could have ended it hours ago . only govt and thugs armed in utopia
cardiac arrest ? i thought the gunman (at least ) was shot ?
watch : the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe
if reports are true that 1 hostage has died , thats fucked . hindsight is 20 /20 but they should've maybe just shot prick this am
it's disgusting that after many people are feeling sorry for religious groups instead of the hostages and dead . god is not real
there are no words to describe the shock and sadness that all of sydney is feeling . prayers are with the families 3
it is truly a terrifying experience for those involved in the but the media play a part in making it a spectacle . not required
too bad only the criminal had a gun in one armed patron could have ended it hours ago . only govt and thugs armed in utopia
my heart goes out to those who have suffered and rip to those who died . this very sad and unhuman
watch : the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe
near continuous gunfire over 30 secs = 00 's of rounds fired
it's disgusting that after many people are feeling sorry for religious groups instead of the hostages and dead . god is not real
you can see that the gunman started shooting first in the replay .
it is truly a terrifying experience for those involved in the but the media play a part in making it a spectacle . not required
not surprised that have jumped on what is happening in sydney to push their own bigoted , paranoid agenda .
my heart goes out to those who have suffered and rip to those who died . this very sad and unhuman
thoughts and prays go out to the hostages and their families . watching the news live coverage .
near continuous gunfire over 30 secs = 00 's of rounds fired
sydney hostage situation ends , gunman named as iranian refugee man haron monis
you can see that the gunman started shooting first in the replay .
one of the injured's head shrouded when leaving on trolley . i speculate gunman . cpr
not surprised that have jumped on what is happening in sydney to push their own bigoted , paranoid agenda .
photo : hostages freed in the run to safety . the hostage crisis is now over . photo credit :
thoughts and prays go out to the hostages and their families . watching the news live coverage .
video : special repo //t.co/fipaql4lhg
sydney hostage situation ends , gunman named as iranian refugee man haron monis
still up and caught the gun fire . i'm shaken . hoping there's no fatalities . please let everyone be safe
one of the injured's head shrouded when leaving on trolley . i speculate gunman . cpr
australian police confirmsthat now over after more than 14 hours
photo : hostages freed in the run to safety . the hostage crisis is now over . photo credit :
full video : isis sydney siege hostages shooting !!! rt rt
video : special repo //t.co/fipaql4lhg
bet there aren't complaints in australia 2 day w /the police using military type gear , just saying ! good work nsw police forces .
still up and caught the gun fire . i'm shaken . hoping there's no fatalities . please let everyone be safe
if behind the australian government must think how to help thousands of innocent people being sieged and killed every day
australian police confirmsthat now over after more than 14 hours
breaking : police says siege at cafe is over and hostages have been
full video : isis sydney siege hostages shooting !!! rt rt
this must have been the most exciting thing those sydney cops have done in a while . like 10 flash bangs thrown lol .
bet there aren't complaints in australia 2 day w /the police using military type gear , just saying ! good work nsw police forces .
video : that moment australian police stormed the cafe ended the
if behind the australian government must think how to help thousands of innocent people being sieged and killed every day
breaking storm cafe , reports of 2 deaths (ouch) but i hope among the dead is the hostage taker .
breaking : police says siege at cafe is over and hostages have been
the is over only two casualties i hope the kenyan security agencies have learnt some lessons
this must have been the most exciting thing those sydney cops have done in a while . like 10 flash bangs thrown lol .
over after police storm cafe . status of gunman unknown .
video : that moment australian police stormed the cafe ended the
abc has confirmed that two are dead . one died of cardiac arrest , i think . :(
breaking storm cafe , reports of 2 deaths (ouch) but i hope among the dead is the hostage taker .
police rescue truck backed up to building entrance , stretcher coming out of lindt cafe , most likely body removal
the is over only two casualties i hope the kenyan security agencies have learnt some lessons
disheartened to wake up this morning + see had yet to be resolved but incredibly moved by australia's campaign .
over after police storm cafe . status of gunman unknown .
siege confirmed over but ended sadly
abc has confirmed that two are dead . one died of cardiac arrest , i think . :(
martin place siege is over !!family memebers can relax and be thankful they are all alive and safe !!#sydneysiege
police rescue truck backed up to building entrance , stretcher coming out of lindt cafe , most likely body removal
15 h police helicopter hovers over sydney opera house , which was evacuated as precaution amid hostage situation
disheartened to wake up this morning + see had yet to be resolved but incredibly moved by australia's campaign .
you showed us today that your brave men and women are truly world class
siege confirmed over but ended sadly
hope the armed police finish that scumbag
martin place siege is over !!family memebers can relax and be thankful they are all alive and safe !!#sydneysiege
so good to hear the is finally over . so horrible these things still happen
15 h police helicopter hovers over sydney opera house , which was evacuated as precaution amid hostage situation
amazing spirit of sydney . amazing support of solidarity and humanity . citizens can't be fooled forever . the eyes have opened
you showed us today that your brave men and women are truly world class
some hostages taken to sydney hospitals , including royal prince alfred hospital , via
hope the armed police finish that scumbag
thats mad whats happening in sydney hope no innocent people die fuckin hate these rag heads
so good to hear the is finally over . so horrible these things still happen
video of the moment police stormed the martin place , sydney , cafe at the centre of .
amazing spirit of sydney . amazing support of solidarity and humanity . citizens can't be fooled forever . the eyes have opened
please can we now stop disassociating terrorists from being muslim when they have flags saying there is no god but allah ?
some hostages taken to sydney hospitals , including royal prince alfred hospital , via
so glad the is over , really hoping the rumours of 2 deaths isn't true
thats mad whats happening in sydney hope no innocent people die fuckin hate these rag heads
omg police in sydney made move inside video of that move
video of the moment police stormed the martin place , sydney , cafe at the centre of .
threat was obvious and imminent and forceful entry followed .
please can we now stop disassociating terrorists from being muslim when they have flags saying there is no god but allah ?
australian police storm cafe and end siege .
so glad the is over , really hoping the rumours of 2 deaths isn't true
happy to know the successfully accomplished operation in sydney cafe by australian cops .
omg police in sydney made move inside video of that move
sending positive thoughts to the victims of the sydney cafe shooting in australia .
threat was obvious and imminent and forceful entry followed .
i'm praying for those in sydney . but i hope everyone realizes that it happens all across the world all the time .
happy to know the successfully accomplished operation in sydney cafe by australian cops .
was an act of criminality by a criminal , not connected to isis or non the least islam .
sending positive thoughts to the victims of the sydney cafe shooting in australia .
police have stormed the in unconfirmed reports of fatalities . stun grenades used .
i'm praying for those in sydney . but i hope everyone realizes that it happens all across the world all the time .
police storm sydney hostage scene via
was an act of criminality by a criminal , not connected to isis or non the least islam .
rest in peace to the 2 souls that were lost this morning
police have stormed the in unconfirmed reports of fatalities . stun grenades used .
it is not clear if the gunman holding hostages in a sydney cafe is dead or in custody . follow the developing story :
police storm sydney hostage scene via
pleased that the is over . now have fun imaging the hostage takers face when he realises that the 72 virgins was just a joke !!
breaking newsposted at 15 :46new south wales police tweets : sydney siege is over . more details to follow .
# sydney we all malaysian are happy the siege at australia are settle by very quickly andsafely our pray had been granted
rest in peace to the 2 souls that were lost this morning
i am afraid to hear the after stories of what happen at the inside the cafe hearts broke already cant have it shattered :(
pleased that the is over . now have fun imaging the hostage takers face when he realises that the 72 virgins was just a joke !!
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over via
i am afraid to hear the after stories of what happen at the inside the cafe hearts broke already cant have it shattered :(
it's a shame some people were hurt at the but it had to come to an end ..
oh the 'gunman' is dead . who wants to ride with him ?
homeland officials brief us president barack obama on , reports watch live :
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over via
2 people dead . terrorist alive . wish it was the opposite .
fucking look at what's going on in sydney
thoughts are with those affected by the i hope everyone has got out safe . horrible day .
it's a shame some people were hurt at the but it had to come to an end ..
breaking : police storm sydney cafe in attempt to end hostage crisis via
homeland officials brief us president barack obama on , reports watch live :
hope everything is alright in sydney now .#sydneysiege
2 people dead . terrorist alive . wish it was the opposite .
its finally over australia is such a strong country
thoughts are with those affected by the i hope everyone has got out safe . horrible day .
is now over . dramatic scenes of hostages fleeing before tactical response kicked in immediately . unconfirmed deaths / injuries
hope everything is alright in sydney now .#sydneysiege
just watching footage from the sydney siege
its finally over australia is such a strong country
watch the moment heavily armed police officers entered the :
is now over . dramatic scenes of hostages fleeing before tactical response kicked in immediately . unconfirmed deaths / injuries
ambulances that were on the scene have departed to st vincents hospital .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over - abc news (via
police confirm to sydney radio station 2 ue two people killed during police raid to end at .
just watching footage from the sydney siege
islam doesn't teach us to be like that ,our prayers with the hostages
watch the moment heavily armed police officers entered the :
feeling for my sydney homies tonight . stay safe and hope the unconfirmed reports (2 deaths ) aren't true
ambulances that were on the scene have departed to st vincents hospital .
i have heard there are minimum 2 dead and 3 injured
police confirm to sydney radio station 2 ue two people killed during police raid to end at .
ends as australian police storm cafe
islam doesn't teach us to be like that ,our prayers with the hostages
16 hour hostage aka sydney siege is officially closed although their is still more hostages in the building :/
feeling for my sydney homies tonight . stay safe and hope the unconfirmed reports (2 deaths ) aren't true
do hope everyone who was being held in sydney is safe , news reporting some fatalities including the hostage taker .
i have heard there are minimum 2 dead and 3 injured
this sydney police stormed the place and the dude killed people ? damn !
ends as australian police storm cafe
two dead as siege ends at sydney cafe : reports : two dead as siege ends at sydney cafe : reports
do hope everyone who was being held in sydney is safe , news reporting some fatalities including the hostage taker .
police used flash bang grenades , went in shooting . at least one female hostage has been shot .
two dead as siege ends at sydney cafe : reports : two dead as siege ends at sydney cafe : reports
this sydney kind of incidents happen often in africa but no one care that much
my thoughts and prayers go out to the individuals killed or injured in the sydney siege .
armed police storm sydney hostage crisis cafe via seems to be a contradiction in the last 2 paragraphs
police used flash bang grenades , went in shooting . at least one female hostage has been shot .
thinking about all those effected by the
this sydney kind of incidents happen often in africa but no one care that much
keeping up with there are nice people , there are bigots and then there are slimy pigs like this .
armed police storm sydney hostage crisis cafe via seems to be a contradiction in the last 2 paragraphs
hope the reports of 2 dead in aren't true
thinking about all those effected by the
sydney swat team just fucked shit up !!! crazy shit to see on tv !!!
alert : police confirm sydney siege has ended - nswpolice
two dead as siege ends at sydney cafe : reports
keeping up with there are nice people , there are bigots and then there are slimy pigs like this .
our sister station reporting 2 people dead after the
hope the reports of 2 dead in aren't true
glad that seige got over ..hope none of the hostages got hurt .
sydney swat team just fucked shit up !!! crazy shit to see on tv !!!
: all hostages freed from cafe , including indian it professional
our sister station reporting 2 people dead after the
: , cafe situation is over - dec 15 am et
glad that seige got over ..hope none of the hostages got hurt .
australian swat should have taken that pig dog out when they had the chance when he was in front of the window
: all hostages freed from cafe , including indian it professional
police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hoursmore details :
: two dead as siege ends in shootout ,
as we await more details on the , we pray . lord , be with all involved .
: , cafe situation is over - dec 15 am et
security forces storm sydney hostage cafe
australian swat should have taken that pig dog out when they had the chance when he was in front of the window
australia police secure sydney .2 civilians killed and 3 injured in the operation .#sydneycease
police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hoursmore details :
shocking video shows moment the sydney siege ended via /r/news
as we await more details on the , we pray . lord , be with all involved .
those 2 people who died in ,they died due to heart attack as per media reports .
australia police secure sydney .2 civilians killed and 3 injured in the operation .#sydneycease
the sydney hostage situation is over , bless
those 2 people who died in ,they died due to heart attack as per media reports .
what has happened to the gunman though ?
police say sydney cafe siege 'over' following rounds of heavy gunfire
5 people dead after shootings in three places in pennsylvania ; gunman barricaded in home , police say . via /r/news
can't quite believe what im seeing on the news :(
glad the sydney siege is over and under control .. the worlds a crazy place man
what has happened to the gunman though ?
haven't even bought live 5 sos yet because i haven't stopped watching the sydney siege all day .. thank god it's over .
5 people dead after shootings in three places in pennsylvania ; gunman barricaded in home , police say . via /r/news
there are reports that two people have died and several more have been seriously injured in the sydney siege
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled from a popular sydney caf
heard as 2 ppls died 3 r injured in . feeling very sad for those peoples .what kinda human wil do lyk dis .no mercy for terrorism
haven't even bought live 5 sos yet because i haven't stopped watching the sydney siege all day .. thank god it's over .
mygc : : the global tweet calling for calm after terrifying sydney siege
there are reports that two people have died and several more have been seriously injured in the sydney siege
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe *not news
heard as 2 ppls died 3 r injured in . feeling very sad for those peoples .what kinda human wil do lyk dis .no mercy for terrorism
sydney cafe siege ends after 18 hours -via
for new years get out of sydney
is finally over . and now with the rest of the world
mygc : : the global tweet calling for calm after terrifying sydney siege
police rescue van just ostentatiously parked in front of reuters ' live shot blocking it-on purpose ? removing the hostage-taker ?
sydney cafe siege ends after 18 hours -via
i feel so bad for the people who lost their lives in sydney
is finally over . and now with the rest of the world
india has never 'fought' but only 'defended' against terrorism , when fight begins islamic reaction may not be same
police rescue van just ostentatiously parked in front of reuters ' live shot blocking it-on purpose ? removing the hostage-taker ?
mygc : sydney siege : gunman named , past revealed
cnbc is reporting the gunman shot one of the hostages before police stormed in . this monster was held bent on takinglives
sydney opera house shut off
i feel so bad for the people who lost their lives in sydney
this prayers goes to all of the hostages . i hope you guys make it home safely . stay safe sydney , god bless .
india has never 'fought' but only 'defended' against terrorism , when fight begins islamic reaction may not be same
terror has no religion . some religions may have terrorists .#sydneysiege
mygc : sydney siege : gunman named , past revealed
can't believe what i've seen in sydney the last 18 hours ; thank god there is now some closure . praying for those affected in horrid ways
sydney opera house shut off
if indian you are seen joining isis indian media likes of arnab goswami are equally responsiblle by hiding brutality of isis !
this prayers goes to all of the hostages . i hope you guys make it home safely . stay safe sydney , god bless .
my condolences to the hostages in sydney , australia and towards the people that suffered the 3 different
terror has no religion . some religions may have terrorists .#sydneysiege
is over . numerous injuries being reported , nothing confirmed
can't believe what i've seen in sydney the last 18 hours ; thank god there is now some closure . praying for those affected in horrid ways
any reports of the death of hostages will be sad , especially if it was at the hands of the ozzie security services .
if indian you are seen joining isis indian media likes of arnab goswami are equally responsiblle by hiding brutality of isis !
reports of 2 dead in sydney hostage siege , others injured
my condolences to the hostages in sydney , australia and towards the people that suffered the 3 different
more senseless murders of innocents by the religion of peace .#sydneysiege
is over . numerous injuries being reported , nothing confirmed
sydney hostage siege over after police storm cafe | nbc chicago via
any reports of the death of hostages will be sad , especially if it was at the hands of the ozzie security services .
hashtag : . strong stand against racism islamophobia in midst of . via
reports of 2 dead in sydney hostage siege , others injured
- an injured hostage is carried out of a cafe in the central business district of sydney .
more senseless murders of innocents by the religion of peace .#sydneysiege
extremely impressed wid how the authorities took control of the right frm the start 1 /2
sydney hostage siege over after police storm cafe | nbc chicago via
prayers to all in sydney . not good when cpr is being done god bless
hashtag : . strong stand against racism islamophobia in midst of . via
in the wake of , here's my earlier report on how australia's anti-terror campaign has backfired
- an injured hostage is carried out of a cafe in the central business district of sydney .
hope the hostages of are alright . australia , prayers are with you .this should not be happening . sigh .
extremely impressed wid how the authorities took control of the right frm the start 1 /2
injured woman carried out by emergency workers
prayers to all in sydney . not good when cpr is being done god bless
video : paramedics swarm scene at after police storm the cafe , ending the crisis
in the wake of , here's my earlier report on how australia's anti-terror campaign has backfired
uber surge 4 x pricing during hostage siege
hope the hostages of are alright . australia , prayers are with you .this should not be happening . sigh .
sentiments to sydney , australia from atlanta , georgia usa as the has ended in a very sad way . praying for those involved .
injured woman carried out by emergency workers
two killed , three seriously injured as ends . tragic .
video : paramedics swarm scene at after police storm the cafe , ending the crisis
is over . 5 are reported injured and i pray they will make it through .
uber surge 4 x pricing during hostage siege
wgn-tv : breaking news : police storm the lindt cafe in sydney , ending the hours long host
sentiments to sydney , australia from atlanta , georgia usa as the has ended in a very sad way . praying for those involved .
sad to hear about those two innocent civilians dead ..rip
two killed , three seriously injured as ends . tragic .
watch : australian hostage standoff has ended via
is over . 5 are reported injured and i pray they will make it through .
glad is over . hope none of the victims are seriously injured or killed :/
wgn-tv : breaking news : police storm the lindt cafe in sydney , ending the hours long host
on sydney :1). wait for details . don't immediately get caught up in the hurrahs of neocon war-desires .2). ron
sad to hear about those two innocent civilians dead ..rip
scary end to the sydney siege with police going in live on tv . not what we want to see in here in australiahearts go out to those affected
watch : australian hostage standoff has ended via
excellent job by -australian journos plus american journo police investor pundit ,
glad is over . hope none of the victims are seriously injured or killed :/
sydney , black messiah , titi branch , amazon selling business stocks at bum ass prices . crazy .
on sydney :1). wait for details . don't immediately get caught up in the hurrahs of neocon war-desires .2). ron
glad them hostages got out safe there are some sick fuckers in the world
scary end to the sydney siege with police going in live on tv . not what we want to see in here in australiahearts go out to those affected
so relieved the is over .. hoping all are okay .
excellent job by -australian journos plus american journo police investor pundit ,
don't understand why people must do things like the . we are all humans , we need to respect each other , not fight /terrorise.
sydney , black messiah , titi branch , amazon selling business stocks at bum ass prices . crazy .
goddamn , i don't think i'll be able to sleep tonight .
glad them hostages got out safe there are some sick fuckers in the world
seriously impressed by sydneys police force from today , huge well done to them , deserve huge recognition and respect !
so relieved the is over .. hoping all are okay .
unconfirmed : two dead and three seriously injured , including an officer
don't understand why people must do things like the . we are all humans , we need to respect each other , not fight /terrorise.
glad that everything is safe and sound now at sydney
goddamn , i don't think i'll be able to sleep tonight .
could the gunman have gotten to sydney through a black hole ?
seriously impressed by sydneys police force from today , huge well done to them , deserve huge recognition and respect !
just in : unconfirmed sources report that viswakanth ankireddy , who was held hostage during , is now safe
unconfirmed : two dead and three seriously injured , including an officer
so happy the hostage situation in sydney australia is over .
glad that everything is safe and sound now at sydney
harry is such a caring person and he really keeps up to date with current events . none of the others have tweeted about sydney
could the gunman have gotten to sydney through a black hole ?
a hail of gunfire cpr being given on live tv . something i've never seen on australian tv . our world has changed today .
just in : unconfirmed sources report that viswakanth ankireddy , who was held hostage during , is now safe
the people who was taking selfies at the scene today , you should be ashamed with your selfs , no respect what so ever ! disgrace
so happy the hostage situation in sydney australia is over .
is over , and the pa shooter is still at a standoff with swat .
harry is such a caring person and he really keeps up to date with current events . none of the others have tweeted about sydney
sounds really really amazing this proves that a little band from sydney can do great things . you guys rule
a hail of gunfire cpr being given on live tv . something i've never seen on australian tv . our world has changed today .
latest : police storm sydney cafe to end hostage crisis .
the people who was taking selfies at the scene today , you should be ashamed with your selfs , no respect what so ever ! disgrace
another lunatic smearing by committing crimes in its name against innocent people
is over , and the pa shooter is still at a standoff with swat .
unfortunately with that firepower , man haron monis are likely to be dead ..
sounds really really amazing this proves that a little band from sydney can do great things . you guys rule
injured hostages carried from cafe after dramatic finale . ambulances taking injured to hospital
latest : police storm sydney cafe to end hostage crisis .
seven news saying at least 2 are dead nothing confirmed though .
another lunatic smearing by committing crimes in its name against innocent people
the is no more . possible fatalities after flash bang grenades and gunshots . sydney is today a city of mourning and loss .
unfortunately with that firepower , man haron monis are likely to be dead ..
'at least ' the wrong flag proves that criminal is not an militant !
injured hostages carried from cafe after dramatic finale . ambulances taking injured to hospital
prayers for the freed hostages and law enforcement in the may they all heal physically and emotionally !
seven news saying at least 2 are dead nothing confirmed though .
absolutely lovely . : hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after cafe siege via
the is no more . possible fatalities after flash bang grenades and gunshots . sydney is today a city of mourning and loss .
2 confirmed dead , 3 in serious condition . sydney siege is over
'at least ' the wrong flag proves that criminal is not an militant !
unconfirmed reports that 2 dead , 4 injured in . those are unconfirmed numbers . status of gunman unknown .
prayers for the freed hostages and law enforcement in the may they all heal physically and emotionally !
good to see 5 sos care more about sydney's terrorism attack than their album -cough cough -
absolutely lovely . : hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after cafe siege via
finally over !! extending my prayers to the families of the dead and injured .what happened to the fucking gunman ?? is he down ?
2 confirmed dead , 3 in serious condition . sydney siege is over
the gunman is believed dead . he had a criminal record
unconfirmed reports that 2 dead , 4 injured in . those are unconfirmed numbers . status of gunman unknown .
on the gunman at the center of the sydney hostage situation : by
good to see 5 sos care more about sydney's terrorism attack than their album -cough cough -
australian police say hostage situation in sydney cafe is over after 16 hours . two dead , three seriously injured .
finally over !! extending my prayers to the families of the dead and injured .what happened to the fucking gunman ?? is he down ?
live : hostage situation at sydney cafe comes to a deadly end
the gunman is believed dead . he had a criminal record
my deepest condolences to the families who lost their loved ones in sydney today
on the gunman at the center of the sydney hostage situation : by
why all this madness in the world ..prayers to the victims and the hostages .
australian police say hostage situation in sydney cafe is over after 16 hours . two dead , three seriously injured .
real horror may the god bring peace to the families of lost souls
live : hostage situation at sydney cafe comes to a deadly end
i just witnessed a news twitter account go from livetweeting the events in sydney to the philadelphia shootings within 5 minutes 1 /2
my deepest condolences to the families who lost their loved ones in sydney today
heart goes out to everyone involved in the sydney siege
why all this madness in the world ..prayers to the victims and the hostages .
the sydney hostage coverage is heartbreaking to watch .
real horror may the god bring peace to the families of lost souls
is over , some hostages have been taken away on stretchers . no word on the medical status of hostages or the gunman
i just witnessed a news twitter account go from livetweeting the events in sydney to the philadelphia shootings within 5 minutes 1 /2
those poor people who were held hostage . must have been so scary .
heart goes out to everyone involved in the sydney siege
state of gunman currently unknown , reports he shot at one least one hostage during raid .
the sydney hostage coverage is heartbreaking to watch .
my prayers are for those currently held hostage in sydney australia . may they return home safe !may the red dots
is over , some hostages have been taken away on stretchers . no word on the medical status of hostages or the gunman
has been declared over ! good .
those poor people who were held hostage . must have been so scary .
i don't live in sydney but it's people's homes that they're destroying that's not fair
state of gunman currently unknown , reports he shot at one least one hostage during raid .
mt police say hostage situation in over after a swarm of heavily armed police storm cafe :
my prayers are for those currently held hostage in sydney australia . may they return home safe !may the red dots
makes me sick ! the hostage taker killed no one atall . but the police kill two and injure 5
has been declared over ! good .
sydney siege is over . more details to follow .thank you for being so patient and doing and proud .
i don't live in sydney but it's people's homes that they're destroying that's not fair
the hostage taker in sydney just got destroyed by police , they fired 4 clips through fully auto weapons and used about 6 flashbangs xd
mt police say hostage situation in over after a swarm of heavily armed police storm cafe :
except that sydney media are more mature and responsible , and their police better trained and empowered .
makes me sick ! the hostage taker killed no one atall . but the police kill two and injure 5
police storm cafe in sydney to end hostage standoff via
sydney siege is over . more details to follow .thank you for being so patient and doing and proud .
the scary thing is that it could have been any one of us , it was matter of being in the wrong place at the wrong time
the hostage taker in sydney just got destroyed by police , they fired 4 clips through fully auto weapons and used about 6 flashbangs xd
gunmen is going straight to hell !! confirmed
except that sydney media are more mature and responsible , and their police better trained and empowered .
that is over but 5 people weren't lucky : 2 dead , 3 injured .
police storm cafe in sydney to end hostage standoff via
enough of this australian muslim crap . you're one or the other . i don't identify myself as an australian athiest
the scary thing is that it could have been any one of us , it was matter of being in the wrong place at the wrong time
mt the casualties , unconfirmed : 2 dead , 3 seriously injured , including a police officer
gunmen is going straight to hell !! confirmed
it's not everyday you see an assault on a hostage situation , gunshots , wounded evacuated , given cardiac massage , live on tv .
enough of this australian muslim crap . you're one or the other . i don't identify myself as an australian athiest
one thing is for sure hostage victims and families .#sydneysiege (assholes twitter account )
mt the casualties , unconfirmed : 2 dead , 3 seriously injured , including a police officer
sydney siege : at least seven injured after police move into building
it's not everyday you see an assault on a hostage situation , gunshots , wounded evacuated , given cardiac massage , live on tv .
aussie public offered open arms to muslim community ..how would gop have reacted in usa likely with loaded guns
will the life ever be same again for people ?
2 dead 3 injured as sydney hostage incident ends
one thing is for sure hostage victims and families .#sydneysiege (assholes twitter account )
comes to an endluckily no deaths reported as of now
sydney siege : at least seven injured after police move into building
is 'over' after police storm lindt cafe , 5 injured .
aussie public offered open arms to muslim community ..how would gop have reacted in usa likely with loaded guns
as long sydney ,keep following the footsteps of intervining on internal conflict of other nations of their lords of 1 .
2 dead 3 injured as sydney hostage incident ends
let's hope people survived the sydney siege after police stormed the building .
comes to an endluckily no deaths reported as of now
between the and the shooting , i guess i should be grateful for just being stuck in an airport .
is 'over' after police storm lindt cafe , 5 injured .
why people are slamming the police because two died ? this man could have killed all of the hostages .
as long sydney ,keep following the footsteps of intervining on internal conflict of other nations of their lords of 1 .
when raises its prices for people who wanted to escape from sydney center during a hostage situation . not cool uber !
let's hope people survived the sydney siege after police stormed the building .
nice to see an out pouring of support for multiculturalism . we're not all bigots , despite abbot morrison
between the and the shooting , i guess i should be grateful for just being stuck in an airport .
makes me sad that what's happening in sydney will likely cause even more prejudice against muslims now
why people are slamming the police because two died ? this man could have killed all of the hostages .
attention uk authorities - watch nsw police storm sydney cafe ..this is how it should be done !
when raises its prices for people who wanted to escape from sydney center during a hostage situation . not cool uber !
two confirmed dead , three seriously injured god bless those poor hostages .
nice to see an out pouring of support for multiculturalism . we're not all bigots , despite abbot morrison
sydney cafe siege : media coverage-dr . kavita suri sydney /jammu: as the police has just stormed the lindt
makes me sad that what's happening in sydney will likely cause even more prejudice against muslims now
thinking of all my ozzie mates who are sydney side hope you are all ok on a dark day for a great city
attention uk authorities - watch nsw police storm sydney cafe ..this is how it should be done !
i've spent as much time in starbucks today as those hostages in sydney spent in their coffee shop but you dont see that on the news eh
two confirmed dead , three seriously injured god bless those poor hostages .
hope they shoot the bastard in the balls knees then head zero tolerance .. given asylum and that's how you repay ?
sydney cafe siege : media coverage-dr . kavita suri sydney /jammu: as the police has just stormed the lindt
stop reporting on national news about muslim radicals and giving them worldwide attention that they seek !
thinking of all my ozzie mates who are sydney side hope you are all ok on a dark day for a great city
declared over , but unfortunately not a peaceful ending , horrible .
i've spent as much time in starbucks today as those hostages in sydney spent in their coffee shop but you dont see that on the news eh
australian media very keen on what information to release on the should borrow up a leaf there .
hope they shoot the bastard in the balls knees then head zero tolerance .. given asylum and that's how you repay ?
metro police : officer shot , teenage gunman killed after sunday night shootout
stop reporting on national news about muslim radicals and giving them worldwide attention that they seek !
1 shot , 2 on cpr ..get well soon !
declared over , but unfortunately not a peaceful ending , horrible .
gunman identified ; hostage situation over (sent from
australian media very keen on what information to release on the should borrow up a leaf there .
sydney siege over . escalated after second batch escaped . watching live can confirm injuries . i'm not overly religious , yet pray innocents ok
metro police : officer shot , teenage gunman killed after sunday night shootout
worse . people are killed , even if one of them is the gunman .
1 shot , 2 on cpr ..get well soon !
great ! another day of terror porn on da t vee
sydney siege over . escalated after second batch escaped . watching live can confirm injuries . i'm not overly religious , yet pray innocents ok
looks like the chucked enough flash bangs in to stun half of sydney
worse . people are killed , even if one of them is the gunman .
the gunman must've been shot dead ?
great ! another day of terror porn on da t vee
muslims turns violent in sydney streets of australia
i want to know what has happened to the gunman .
thank god austrialia does not have seculars like doggy and muffler who were against batla house encounter
looks like the chucked enough flash bangs in to stun half of sydney
is over , nsw police have confirmed . they could not comment on injuries or fatalities but will have more soon .
the gunman must've been shot dead ?
two dead including gunman in sydney dramatic shootout with police reports gunman started shooting hostages iranian man suspect
muslims turns violent in sydney streets of australia
jheeze it's popped off in sydney hope everyone's okay
thank god austrialia does not have seculars like doggy and muffler who were against batla house encounter
vivid sydney : down under's coolest festival
is over , nsw police have confirmed . they could not comment on injuries or fatalities but will have more soon .
every single one of those service men deserves a fucking medal !!! i hope the gunman rots in hell !!
vivid sydney : down under's coolest festival
a gunman held hostages in a cafe for hours and some managed to escape and the police were able to get in . that's all i know
every single one of those service men deserves a fucking medal !!! i hope the gunman rots in hell !!
and also for any other citizens in sydney because i have a lot of friends there
did you forget about sydney
surveyed moms at our mommy group . 1 of 3 had heard anything about .
a gunman held hostages in a cafe for hours and some managed to escape and the police were able to get in . that's all i know
gunfire reported at the cafe where gunman man haron monis has been holed up with hostages .
and also for any other citizens in sydney because i have a lot of friends there
did they just confirm the gunman is deceased ?
surveyed moms at our mommy group . 1 of 3 had heard anything about .
civilised societies don't deploy military personnel with armoured vehicles to take down few terrorists . , .
since you don't know anything else about the sydney situation , go back to
the siege is about to finish and the police get the gunman who reportedly shot two people dead and had injured
gunfire reported at the cafe where gunman man haron monis has been holed up with hostages .
i dont know what happened in sydney yet but i heard some people possibly including hostage and paramedic seriously injured . i pray for them
did they just confirm the gunman is deceased ?
imagine being held for 14 /16hrs madness
civilised societies don't deploy military personnel with armoured vehicles to take down few terrorists . , .
couldn't be happier with our police force ! so glad everyone's out
the siege is about to finish and the police get the gunman who reportedly shot two people dead and had injured
feel awful after watching the events unfold in australia . thoughts are with my friends in sydney .
i dont know what happened in sydney yet but i heard some people possibly including hostage and paramedic seriously injured . i pray for them
just want to thank sydney police for an awesome job through the whole 16 hour siege !
imagine being held for 14 /16hrs madness
so sad to see what is going on in sydney today , let's hope that everyone gets out safely ! our thoughts and prayers are with you !!
couldn't be happier with our police force ! so glad everyone's out
heavily armed police storm sydney cafe : paramedics carrying stretchers raced towards the cafe moments after a
feel awful after watching the events unfold in australia . thoughts are with my friends in sydney .
soooo why is the being made such a big deal ?
just want to thank sydney police for an awesome job through the whole 16 hour siege !
its over those poor people what they have been through
so sad to see what is going on in sydney today , let's hope that everyone gets out safely ! our thoughts and prayers are with you !!
how do i buy the entry team a cold beer from the usa ?
heavily armed police storm sydney cafe : paramedics carrying stretchers raced towards the cafe moments after a
sydney siege : at least seven injured after police move into building - irish independent
soooo why is the being made such a big deal ?
thoughts and prayers with our australian allies and friends as disturbing news emerges from sydney .
its over those poor people what they have been through
has live coverage on the ground in sydney , via australia's watch :
how do i buy the entry team a cold beer from the usa ?
thinking about sydney australia and praying no hostages were harmed
sydney siege : at least seven injured after police move into building - irish independent
.gunman identified as man haron monis .video of hostages running from cafe .
thoughts and prayers with our australian allies and friends as disturbing news emerges from sydney .
2 people died and 3 are too bad in the hospital omg
has live coverage on the ground in sydney , via australia's watch :
glad that the hostage event is resolved in sydney , ck'd my family members are all safe
.gunman identified as man haron monis .video of hostages running from cafe .
the australian version of the edl . ew . bunch of rednecks
2 people died and 3 are too bad in the hospital omg
another false flag . its nearly 2015 who still believes this crap ?
glad that the hostage event is resolved in sydney , ck'd my family members are all safe
seven people were taken from the cafe on stretchers
sydney siege gunman motivated by australia's involvement in afghanistan . apology ?
at last over after lasting 16 hours
the australian version of the edl . ew . bunch of rednecks
shows how incredibly awesome the people of sydney are . never been there . it's time for me to visit !
another false flag . its nearly 2015 who still believes this crap ?
so glad it's over . my thoughts go out to the hostages and their families .
at last over after lasting 16 hours
/ great job oz police , hope any hostgs . are not dead . hope he looked at the hail of gunfire as it turned him into swiss cheese !
shows how incredibly awesome the people of sydney are . never been there . it's time for me to visit !
police stormed the building , people have been confirmed to have been injured , no reports on what happened to the gunman
armed police raid sydney cafe and five people are carried away on stretchers via
advantages anent using customized keyrings since promotional products sydney : qpzeqd
/ great job oz police , hope any hostgs . are not dead . hope he looked at the hail of gunfire as it turned him into swiss cheese !
new post : police storm sydney coffee shop , shots fired , explosions heard ; 11 hostages freed , 4 injured - live feed
police stormed the building , people have been confirmed to have been injured , no reports on what happened to the gunman
limousine wages sydney tail be the carry to completion marriage drawing room in order to inner man : tlbu
advantages anent using customized keyrings since promotional products sydney : qpzeqd
australia should be a very proud people for their reaction to the
new post : police storm sydney coffee shop , shots fired , explosions heard ; 11 hostages freed , 4 injured - live feed
prayers for my fellow aussies and their families during this horrible time !
limousine wages sydney tail be the carry to completion marriage drawing room in order to inner man : tlbu
sydney live : crisis ends as police storm lindt cafe , indian hostage reported safe (sent from headlines )
praying for the people of sydney . once again , this world is so , so broken .
after the , one has to think of the role that lawyers play in abetting crime and criminals , all to earn a buck .
australia should be a very proud people for their reaction to the
wants so badly to be able to blame the police for the sydney hostage situation .while sitting at her desk in ny .
prayers for my fellow aussies and their families during this horrible time !
for those following at home australian police haven't confirmed any casualties . casualty reports are rumors only .
after the , one has to think of the role that lawyers play in abetting crime and criminals , all to earn a buck .
thank god its over . the police force did an amazing job . thoughts r with the hostages for their mental physical recovery xx
wants so badly to be able to blame the police for the sydney hostage situation .while sitting at her desk in ny .
not rting uncomfirmed reports . hoping they are wrong .
for those following at home australian police haven't confirmed any casualties . casualty reports are rumors only .
police storm cafe where a gunman had taken hostages .#sydneyhostagecrisis
: indian techie's father prays for safe release
two dead as siege ends at sydney cafe : reports [mw ]
thank god its over . the police force did an amazing job . thoughts r with the hostages for their mental physical recovery xx
whew my mind is at ease has ended
not rting uncomfirmed reports . hoping they are wrong .
i hate isis i wish the end up soon
two dead as siege ends at sydney cafe : reports [mw ]
news - us worldwatch live : sydney hostage situation
whew my mind is at ease has ended
on a happier note : there are a lot of attractive policeman and heavy armed men in sydney
i hate isis i wish the end up soon
thoughts prayers . mt australian police storm sydney cafe ending hostage crisis ; 2 reportedly killed
on a happier note : there are a lot of attractive policeman and heavy armed men in sydney
a brutal and dramatic conclusion to an incident australians will never forget .
thoughts prayers . mt australian police storm sydney cafe ending hostage crisis ; 2 reportedly killed
it's remarkable the way australian media has covered the whole crisis , indian media should learn something from this
several hostages escape from sydney cafe | mashable
it happened 7 hrs ago . busy with sydney ?
breaking news : sydney siege : police storm cafe where hostages being held
terrible news from sydney . condolences to the families of those killed . sad day .
a brutal and dramatic conclusion to an incident australians will never forget .
sydney standoff : police storm cafe where hostages held
it's remarkable the way australian media has covered the whole crisis , indian media should learn something from this
mt sad end : 2 people dead , 3 in serious condition after hostage siege at sydney cafe - australia's abc .
it happened 7 hrs ago . busy with sydney ?
two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney caf ends , australian broadcaster says .qdep :(
sydney standoff : police storm cafe where hostages held
thoughts going out for the victims . never would have thought something like that would happen in aus .
mt sad end : 2 people dead , 3 in serious condition after hostage siege at sydney cafe - australia's abc .
there are terrorists , and there are those who profit from terrorism : backtracks during sydney hostage crisis
have some compassion . think of the family members who have been in martin place all day . think before you tweet .
give an insane man a gun you'll have a terrorist . regardless of his religion ethnicity
thoughts going out for the victims . never would have thought something like that would happen in aus .
they know about this silly cunt yet let him roam about like he doesnt pose a threat , should be under watch 24 /7 worlds gone mad
there are terrorists , and there are those who profit from terrorism : backtracks during sydney hostage crisis
note that the reports of 2 dead and 3 seriously injured are still unconfirmed .
give an insane man a gun you'll have a terrorist . regardless of his religion ethnicity
i'm not in sydney , but if anyone needs someone to walk /tram with in surfers paradise tomorrow morning
they know about this silly cunt yet let him roam about like he doesnt pose a threat , should be under watch 24 /7 worlds gone mad
just in from cbs : sydney hostage situation is over .
note that the reports of 2 dead and 3 seriously injured are still unconfirmed .
live : suspected islamic militant holding hostages in sydney siege is named via
i'm not in sydney , but if anyone needs someone to walk /tram with in surfers paradise tomorrow morning
the fact that dick cheney still lives is a strong argument against advances in medical science . isis
just in from cbs : sydney hostage situation is over .
huge effort from the australian armed police in sydney just now
live : suspected islamic militant holding hostages in sydney siege is named via
the news has been telecast on russian radio too crazy
they believe the gunman is dead ..goodvery very sad to hear someone else has died as well .truly terrible
sydney has been incredible . people calm , going for their business , police very focused . now we must stand united .
the fact that dick cheney still lives is a strong argument against advances in medical science . isis
the is over . reports 4 people injured still unconfirmed . live updates here :
huge effort from the australian armed police in sydney just now
police source says the gunman has been shot . one hostage is deceased .
the news has been telecast on russian radio too crazy
wow ! poor taste ! people died !
sydney has been incredible . people calm , going for their business , police very focused . now we must stand united .
isis sydney some idiots locked me in jail 4 ditch school and then when i came out i taught myself 2 build a nuclear bomb wake up
the is over . reports 4 people injured still unconfirmed . live updates here :
so much about indian hostage being safe .. as if we were going to storm the cafe to rescue him
police source says the gunman has been shot . one hostage is deceased .
aljazeera : goes viral after sydney siege
wow ! poor taste ! people died !
fuck you terrorists , thoughts with the affected .
isis sydney some idiots locked me in jail 4 ditch school and then when i came out i taught myself 2 build a nuclear bomb wake up
people citing 'confirmed' fatalies of the when absolutely nothing has been confirmed yet . let's hope they're all wrong .
fuck you terrorists , thoughts with the affected .
i think a police officer was shot . not confirmed yet .
people citing 'confirmed' fatalies of the when absolutely nothing has been confirmed yet . let's hope they're all wrong .
are there jobs for an art director / graphic designer in australia ?
australian police storm cafe : (please, no harm to the hostages !)
hostages ran from the lindt cafe as heavily armed police went in (via
live blog : police end sydney siege - reports of deaths :
hostage taker reportedly opened fire , according to police , sparking police raid to end . 2 dead , 5 wounded taken to hospital .
i think a police officer was shot . not confirmed yet .
the gunman was just a lunatic criminal - he could have been any nationality . take heart !
are there jobs for an art director / graphic designer in australia ?
the is now over ! yet the lack of outrage /protests etc from the muslim communities tells another story ! =
hostages ran from the lindt cafe as heavily armed police went in (via
such dramatic scenes coming from sydney . terrifying .
hostage taker reportedly opened fire , according to police , sparking police raid to end . 2 dead , 5 wounded taken to hospital .
everybody please stay safe , not just in sydney , but everywhere . sincerest thoughts to the hostages and their families . glad it's over .
the gunman was just a lunatic criminal - he could have been any nationality . take heart !
police move in : gunfire at as hostages run from building [video, photos ]; update : 'siege over '
the is now over ! yet the lack of outrage /protests etc from the muslim communities tells another story ! =
i tuned in at 1 (2 sydney time ) and watched it live . i don't think i'll be getting much sleep .
such dramatic scenes coming from sydney . terrifying .
finally over .. really appreciate australians for the way they have handled bravo
everybody please stay safe , not just in sydney , but everywhere . sincerest thoughts to the hostages and their families . glad it's over .
my thoughts are with the hostages and their loved ones . please be no fatalities .
police move in : gunfire at as hostages run from building [video, photos ]; update : 'siege over '
^~^ sydney siege police storm cafe as gunfight erupts many hostages escape |
i tuned in at 1 (2 sydney time ) and watched it live . i don't think i'll be getting much sleep .
sydney siege police storm cafe as gunfight erupts many hostages escape : a flurry of loud bangs erupted as a sw
finally over .. really appreciate australians for the way they have handled bravo
sydney cafe siege is over after 16 hours . hope they gonna kill that bastard and not jail him and feed him like indian govt did to kasab
my thoughts are with the hostages and their loved ones . please be no fatalities .
cnn is reporting that the gunman in sydney hostage situation is dead
^~^ sydney siege police storm cafe as gunfight erupts many hostages escape |
praying for the families of the victims and everyone who had to see that .
sydney siege police storm cafe as gunfight erupts many hostages escape : a flurry of loud bangs erupted as a sw
gunshots at sydney hostage scene : hostage-taker identified as man haron monis
sydney cafe siege is over after 16 hours . hope they gonna kill that bastard and not jail him and feed him like indian govt did to kasab
so glad to hear the in australia is over ! praying for everyone involved .
cnn is reporting that the gunman in sydney hostage situation is dead
update : 7 taken out of sydney cafe on stretchers , 5 appear to be receiving treatment immediately :
praying for the families of the victims and everyone who had to see that .
so the armed idiot behind is iranian . muslim arabs in can breath well again .
so glad to hear the in australia is over ! praying for everyone involved .
i don't understand why 5 sos are tweeting about their album and not showing any concern for sydneybesides ash
update : 7 taken out of sydney cafe on stretchers , 5 appear to be receiving treatment immediately :
i really hope this has all ended .. and nothing else happens today , tomorrow , or ever ..
so the armed idiot behind is iranian . muslim arabs in can breath well again .
is over , police say . read more via
happy to know the sydney siege is over
australia's 9 news has a profile of hostage taker man haron monis , who is apparently now deceased :
i don't understand why 5 sos are tweeting about their album and not showing any concern for sydneybesides ash
the amount of support we've gotten is insane
i really hope this has all ended .. and nothing else happens today , tomorrow , or ever ..
the australians had said they were determined that should end peacefully . fortunately , we were able to talk them out of it .
is over , police say . read more via
latest pictures from the : a hostage is carried to safety (getty)
australia's 9 news has a profile of hostage taker man haron monis , who is apparently now deceased :
more innocent dead by the hand of another islamist . nothing to do with religion you will be told (for the umpteenth time ).
the amount of support we've gotten is insane
lots of speculation about injuries and /or deaths hope all the hostages are safe
the australians had said they were determined that should end peacefully . fortunately , we were able to talk them out of it .
selfie sickos : morons take seflies at the scene in sydney where muslim holds hostages
latest pictures from the : a hostage is carried to safety (getty)
is the bloomin hostage taker dead or alive ?!?!?!?!?!?
more innocent dead by the hand of another islamist . nothing to do with religion you will be told (for the umpteenth time ).
it will be interesting to read what kind of excuses swedish newsmedia will use to whitewash monis criminal actions ?!
lots of speculation about injuries and /or deaths hope all the hostages are safe
no words , just enormous heartache love for those injured , passed away , families of hostages servicemen
selfie sickos : morons take seflies at the scene in sydney where muslim holds hostages
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm
is the bloomin hostage taker dead or alive ?!?!?!?!?!?
2 dead , many injured after police storm sydney cafe : it's not yet known of those dead are hostages or police .
it will be interesting to read what kind of excuses swedish newsmedia will use to whitewash monis criminal actions ?!
police say is over previously , bomb disposal robot is went into the building .
no words , just enormous heartache love for those injured , passed away , families of hostages servicemen
i don't give a shit about your album right now all i care about is that everyone in sydney is safe
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm
my thoughts are with the families of those who passed awayall the love
police say is over previously , bomb disposal robot is went into the building .
police confirm that the is over . number of casualties unknown fate of gunman unclear
i don't give a shit about your album right now all i care about is that everyone in sydney is safe
wonder which broadcaster will have the best coverage reporting on nightime viewing
my thoughts are with the families of those who passed awayall the love
several stretchers taken from sydney cafe after police storm building -
here's dramatic footage of police freeing hostages in the via
negotiation is primary method of containment . tactical had no other choice .#sydneysiege
police confirm that the is over . number of casualties unknown fate of gunman unclear
sydney police storm cafe to end hostage crisis :
wonder which broadcaster will have the best coverage reporting on nightime viewing
australia's channel 7 : 2 dead , 3 seriously wounded following storming of lindt cafe in sydney siege .
several stretchers taken from sydney cafe after police storm building -
this is actually scary to watch , this doesn't happen in australia
negotiation is primary method of containment . tactical had no other choice .#sydneysiege
thinking of everyone affected by the . what a horrific ordeal .
australia's channel 7 : 2 dead , 3 seriously wounded following storming of lindt cafe in sydney siege .
so innocents die and the muslim lives police fucked up
this is actually scary to watch , this doesn't happen in australia
funny , all the people thanking their lord that the is over . religion started all of this . let's thank the police instead !
thinking of everyone affected by the . what a horrific ordeal .
breaking : at least five hostages manage to escape sydney cafe , loud gunfire and explosions heard from inside cafe .
two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends -cnn
so overwhelmingly relieved the is over , watching on tenterhooks from europe
so innocents die and the muslim lives police fucked up
hostage is over , thank the lord almighty !!
funny , all the people thanking their lord that the is over . religion started all of this . let's thank the police instead !
live stream cafe is over at least 2 dead . 4 injured crtically - gunman dead
breaking : at least five hostages manage to escape sydney cafe , loud gunfire and explosions heard from inside cafe .
all i found several people appear to have been injured while the fate of the gunman is not yet known .
so overwhelmingly relieved the is over , watching on tenterhooks from europe
explosion heard , shots fired as sydney police storm cafe where gunman had hostages .
hostage is over , thank the lord almighty !!
ndtv discusin hindu hardliners when whole world discusin sydney terror attack by islamic jehadi . poor journalsm bdutt sucks
live stream cafe is over at least 2 dead . 4 injured crtically - gunman dead
praying for everyone involved in the i really hope no one was killed
all i found several people appear to have been injured while the fate of the gunman is not yet known .
lone gunman holds captives into monday night (
explosion heard , shots fired as sydney police storm cafe where gunman had hostages .
sad reports of 2 killed 3 seriously injured following the sydney incident . no news on the nutcase though .
ndtv discusin hindu hardliners when whole world discusin sydney terror attack by islamic jehadi . poor journalsm bdutt sucks
i'm sure in saying you'd be talking about the in today's pds , right ?
praying for everyone involved in the i really hope no one was killed
sydney siege gunman believed to be self-styled muslim cleric out on baila gunman who t
lone gunman holds captives into monday night (
can someone please explain the sydney siege ?
sad reports of 2 killed 3 seriously injured following the sydney incident . no news on the nutcase though .
don't know why i thought of when i heard about the sydney hostage crisis .
i'm sure in saying you'd be talking about the in today's pds , right ?
don't let cheney near him ! mt breaking news : is over , according to police .
sydney siege gunman believed to be self-styled muslim cleric out on baila gunman who t
police storm in attempt to end hostage crisis
don't know why i thought of when i heard about the sydney hostage crisis .
the gunman is on the loose and two people have been reported dead apparently
don't let cheney near him ! mt breaking news : is over , according to police .
finally the siege ends . rip to those who died during this .
police storm in attempt to end hostage crisis
i hope everyone got out safely . and my prayers goes towards to those who didn't make it .
my mum is making racist remarks about sydney im out
. 2 killed , 3 seriously injured at martin place
the gunman is on the loose and two people have been reported dead apparently
is finally over . two alleged deaths and many injured . no news on the gunman . let's hope everyone is ok .
finally the siege ends . rip to those who died during this .
is over deepest condolecence for the family and friends left
i hope everyone got out safely . and my prayers goes towards to those who didn't make it .
iranian named as sydney hostage taker
. 2 killed , 3 seriously injured at martin place
man named as gunman is self-styled preacher of islamic state on bail for accessory to murder :
is finally over . two alleged deaths and many injured . no news on the gunman . let's hope everyone is ok .
can't believe how people think and act across the world . glad the is finally over . must be too traumatic to experience .
is over deepest condolecence for the family and friends left
any news on where the gunman is though ?
man named as gunman is self-styled preacher of islamic state on bail for accessory to murder :
ends after 16 hours , police reportedly used live ammunition , number of wounded is still unconfirmed .
can't believe how people think and act across the world . glad the is finally over . must be too traumatic to experience .
: dear most muslims , the snake won't die because you wish it dead , by |
any news on where the gunman is though ?
the fact that the press started to provide different reports about the is a huge shame . it isn't about just saying something !
: lindt cafe gunman named as haron monis as hostage situation comes to an end , sydney photo by : stephen
if you see racism or bigotry , speak up . sydney's is a sublime reaction of love to hatred .
ends after 16 hours , police reportedly used live ammunition , number of wounded is still unconfirmed .
indian media searching possible reason behind isis like austrailian cntribution to counter terrorism . ideology of is not enough
: dear most muslims , the snake won't die because you wish it dead , by |
updated : hostage situation in sydney , australia is over .
the fact that the press started to provide different reports about the is a huge shame . it isn't about just saying something !
praying and hoping that all the hostages are in safe hands of their friends , family , and hospitals .
if you see racism or bigotry , speak up . sydney's is a sublime reaction of love to hatred .
5 people injured /dead and people are upset that the cops killed the suspect . unbelievable .
indian media searching possible reason behind isis like austrailian cntribution to counter terrorism . ideology of is not enough
well , yet another act of senseless violence in the . don't rush to blame all protestants , people . get educated .
updated : hostage situation in sydney , australia is over .
this tv coverage of the disgraceful . they should just read from twitter
praying and hoping that all the hostages are in safe hands of their friends , family , and hospitals .
i can confirm that , something happened .
5 people injured /dead and people are upset that the cops killed the suspect . unbelievable .
police storm cafe to rescue hostages
well , yet another act of senseless violence in the . don't rush to blame all protestants , people . get educated .
whats happening in sydney , but i must admit thay have a good security serviceaussie people can feel safe !:d
this tv coverage of the disgraceful . they should just read from twitter
one of the fatalities must be the gunman surely
i can confirm that , something happened .
well done to everyone involved . thank you for your service to this great nation .
whats happening in sydney , but i must admit thay have a good security serviceaussie people can feel safe !:d
not sure of the current situation , but relieved that the hostage situation is at least over .
one of the fatalities must be the gunman surely
i really appreciate the gesture from the australian's ..because indeed they understand what happened in sydney was not islam
well done to everyone involved . thank you for your service to this great nation .
here's more information on how events turned out in sydney around uber's surge pricing
it would appear from nsw police tweets that the is over
gunshots at sydney hostage scene 2 people dead , 3 in serious condition
not sure of the current situation , but relieved that the hostage situation is at least over .
motor home hire sydney australia
i really appreciate the gesture from the australian's ..because indeed they understand what happened in sydney was not islam
by this logic of tht terrorist ws juz godman ,thn ajmal kasab was just a misguided petty criminal ?
here's more information on how events turned out in sydney around uber's surge pricing
3 am . how do u expect me to sleep after witnessing this
gunshots at sydney hostage scene 2 people dead , 3 in serious condition
no country can handle religious radicalism better than periodno nonsense
motor home hire sydney australia
god bless the folks in sydney who were taken hostage by that deranged iranian jihadistsituation just ended , hope the hostages are safe .
by this logic of tht terrorist ws juz godman ,thn ajmal kasab was just a misguided petty criminal ?
mt we understand gunman is dead and at least one hostage
3 am . how do u expect me to sleep after witnessing this
when one chooses to flee their country consider that you are expected to adopt to their culture . not the other way around .
no country can handle religious radicalism better than periodno nonsense
we can only imagine the horror now .
god bless the folks in sydney who were taken hostage by that deranged iranian jihadistsituation just ended , hope the hostages are safe .
thank god the has ended . my prayers are for everyone , and healing to the survivors and the entire world community .
mt we understand gunman is dead and at least one hostage
it's ended thankfully but it's heartbreaking to hear about prayers to all of sydney
when one chooses to flee their country consider that you are expected to adopt to their culture . not the other way around .
sydney gunman identified as iranian to think oz granted him asylum
we can only imagine the horror now .
the hostage situation in sydney has ended .
thank god the has ended . my prayers are for everyone , and healing to the survivors and the entire world community .
police storm sydney cafe in attempt to end hostage crisis : heavily armed police in sydney stormed a cafe where an armed self-proclaim
it's ended thankfully but it's heartbreaking to hear about prayers to all of sydney
after the hostage situation in sydney , are kmart and target going to ban the latest call of duty ? going by precedent i'd say yes .
sydney gunman identified as iranian to think oz granted him asylum
i hope there have been no fatalities in the . well done to our law enforcement for dealing with this as well as you have .
the hostage situation in sydney has ended .
im thinking maybe have the wrong address .#sydneysiege
police storm sydney cafe in attempt to end hostage crisis : heavily armed police in sydney stormed a cafe where an armed self-proclaim
i just posted an article of ppl taking selfies during the hostage situation in sydney ..idiots..but there
after the hostage situation in sydney , are kmart and target going to ban the latest call of duty ? going by precedent i'd say yes .
fwiw , i don't see where australia posted report of 2 dead , 3 seriously injured i don't see other corroboration .
i hope there have been no fatalities in the . well done to our law enforcement for dealing with this as well as you have .
every day i pray for world peace !
im thinking maybe have the wrong address .#sydneysiege
i really dont have any idea about this sydney seige but i hope the victims are safe and sound now . respect australians police .
i just posted an article of ppl taking selfies during the hostage situation in sydney ..idiots..but there
who are these breed of humans and where are they from ??
fwiw , i don't see where australia posted report of 2 dead , 3 seriously injured i don't see other corroboration .
just in : 16 -hour hostage situation at sydney cafe appears to be over
every day i pray for world peace !
wtf is going on ? so many conflicting stories !!!
i really dont have any idea about this sydney seige but i hope the victims are safe and sound now . respect australians police .
bravo ! sydney is showing solidarity with muslims with the hashtag via
who are these breed of humans and where are they from ??
police confirm has ended - via
just in : 16 -hour hostage situation at sydney cafe appears to be over
breaking is now ended . gunman dead . 2 people confirmed dead , 3 are in serious condition , 7 taken to hospital
wtf is going on ? so many conflicting stories !!!
i pray for the hostages may allah have mercy on all the australians ameen
bravo ! sydney is showing solidarity with muslims with the hashtag via
broke my day , made my day ! alhamdulillah !
police confirm has ended - via
glad to hear the is over !!! thoughts with you all and loved ones 3
breaking is now ended . gunman dead . 2 people confirmed dead , 3 are in serious condition , 7 taken to hospital
im still amazed a sniper could not of taken him out earlier b4 it esculated
i pray for the hostages may allah have mercy on all the australians ameen
thinking of all the people being held hostage in sydney . it's disgusting that people have to commit a crime to prove something x
broke my day , made my day ! alhamdulillah !
gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunf
glad to hear the is over !!! thoughts with you all and loved ones 3
not nearly as obscene using the tragic scenes in sydney to score minor political points on twitter .
im still amazed a sniper could not of taken him out earlier b4 it esculated
breaking : the lindt cafe is reportedly over . sounds like a sniper shot . story -
thinking of all the people being held hostage in sydney . it's disgusting that people have to commit a crime to prove something x
a major police operation was underway in downtown sydney on monday , where several people inside a ch
not nearly as obscene using the tragic scenes in sydney to score minor political points on twitter .
police have stormed the sydney cafe that's been under siege for more than 15 -
breaking : the lindt cafe is reportedly over . sounds like a sniper shot . story -
i think people are being held hostage somewhere in sydney idk but its something like that
a major police operation was underway in downtown sydney on monday , where several people inside a ch
is crazily terrifying and its more to the fact that the gunman is already a criminal with many violent offences .
is crazily terrifying and its more to the fact that the gunman is already a criminal with many violent offences .
it's duty of every muslim to inform police abt suspect terrorist living among them if they are patriotic indians
all thoughts with the hostages and their families after the sydney siege
bus security guard fatally shoots gunman on las vegas strip : a gunman was killed and a bus security officer in
who is sydney hostage taker ? - the man who has held hostages in a sydney , australia , cafe for nearly 16 hours is m
a man who lost against the jihad in his mind , the hardest of all
it's duty of every muslim to inform police abt suspect terrorist living among them if they are patriotic indians
like 26 /11, is further proof of how one fanatic can bring a city to it's knees . better preparation is needed , everywhere .
bus security guard fatally shoots gunman on las vegas strip : a gunman was killed and a bus security officer in
all i see are only conclusions and thoughts manufactured by reporters on .the screwed up part is reporters only make things worse .
hope everyone is ok thoughts and prayers to all those involved in the siege back in sydney
gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney
a man who lost against the jihad in his mind , the hardest of all
sydney channel 7 confirms that 2 are dead , 3 injured following hostage situation in australia . no news if gunman among dead .
like 26 /11, is further proof of how one fanatic can bring a city to it's knees . better preparation is needed , everywhere .
i hope the police officers that put their lives on the line today in sydney are all ok .
all i see are only conclusions and thoughts manufactured by reporters on .the screwed up part is reporters only make things worse .
yare gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunfir yare
gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney
sydney crisis ends . hope the refugees are safe
sydney channel 7 confirms that 2 are dead , 3 injured following hostage situation in australia . no news if gunman among dead .
sydney siege : the moment police stormed and hostages fled : this is the moment the 16 -hour siege in sydney ende
i hope the police officers that put their lives on the line today in sydney are all ok .
gunfire and explosions erupt in martin place as sydney siege ends
yare gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunfir yare
two innocent people was killed by isis people at sydney , australia . live on cnn
sydney siege : the moment police stormed and hostages fled : this is the moment the 16 -hour siege in sydney ende
gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunfire erupted
gunfire and explosions erupt in martin place as sydney siege ends
its so sad , having a coffee in the cbd , and this happens
two innocent people was killed by isis people at sydney , australia . live on cnn
barely heard about what happened in sydney . stay safe people !
gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunfire erupted
this was truly a horrendous tragedy , my prayers go out to the families of the victims
its so sad , having a coffee in the cbd , and this happens
very saddened by this terrible act , hope all hostages got away safely .best wishes to the great people of australia
barely heard about what happened in sydney . stay safe people !
are reporting a number of people being carried injured . reporting 2 dead
sydney cafe siege over - w great summary of what we know about alleged gunman why he took hostages
gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunfire erupted early tuesday as police
this was truly a horrendous tragedy , my prayers go out to the families of the victims
yeh that'll be a good discussion , adolf .
very saddened by this terrible act , hope all hostages got away safely .best wishes to the great people of australia
i just read this card on nod : hostage crisis in sydney . download the iphone app .
are reporting a number of people being carried injured . reporting 2 dead
followme - gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostag followme -
gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunfire erupted early tuesday as police
cnn doesn't even know what happened and is already questioning police tactics . smh .
yeh that'll be a good discussion , adolf .
we are witnessing history people , my entire body is in shock at the rapid change in situation . my city won't be the same
i just read this card on nod : hostage crisis in sydney . download the iphone app .
it's 2 :00 am , tuesday , dec 16, in sydney , australia where the hostage standoff has ended w /apparent injuries reported (not confirmed ).
followme - gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostag followme -
just letting you know that your complete utter lack of concern expression on the is really pissing me off
cnn doesn't even know what happened and is already questioning police tactics . smh .
so it's confirmed that one person who passed away is a hostage and it is unknown whether the second person was the gunman or a hostage .
we are witnessing history people , my entire body is in shock at the rapid change in situation . my city won't be the same
so saddening that despite innumerable police presence many hours involved , the sydney hostage situation had to end in civilian casualties .
it's 2 :00 am , tuesday , dec 16, in sydney , australia where the hostage standoff has ended w /apparent injuries reported (not confirmed ).
fox chicago : : police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 h
just letting you know that your complete utter lack of concern expression on the is really pissing me off
thoughts are with everyone affected by the glad to hear that it is now over !
so it's confirmed that one person who passed away is a hostage and it is unknown whether the second person was the gunman or a hostage .
so difficult to watch your hometown go through such a traumatic event while you're halfway around the world
so saddening that despite innumerable police presence many hours involved , the sydney hostage situation had to end in civilian casualties .
: who is sydney hostage taker ? - the man who has held hostages in a sydney , australia , cafe for nearly 1
fox chicago : : police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 h
lights have now been put on inside the lindt cafe as police move through the building .via:
thoughts are with everyone affected by the glad to hear that it is now over !
yup the police department did a great job in sydney australia yup save hostage life hi five for them
so difficult to watch your hometown go through such a traumatic event while you're halfway around the world
night vision on some of the units yet no muzzleflash surpressors , odd . man this feels like next level of terrorism in the west
: who is sydney hostage taker ? - the man who has held hostages in a sydney , australia , cafe for nearly 1
the police knew this guy and he somehow was able to acquire a gun and walk around with it ??? my sympathy to families affected .
lights have now been put on inside the lindt cafe as police move through the building .via:
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held [sale ]
yup the police department did a great job in sydney australia yup save hostage life hi five for them
police storm sydney cafe : police stormed the sydney cafe where a lone gunman , brandishing an islamic flag , has
night vision on some of the units yet no muzzleflash surpressors , odd . man this feels like next level of terrorism in the west
: police storm sydney cafe - police storm a sydney cafe where hostages were being held by a gunman ident
the police knew this guy and he somehow was able to acquire a gun and walk around with it ??? my sympathy to families affected .
what did that man achieve by harming those poor people ?!
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held [sale ]
relieved to hear the siege is finally over in sydney
police storm sydney cafe : police stormed the sydney cafe where a lone gunman , brandishing an islamic flag , has
thank goodness is over . my heart goes out to those who were victimized .
: police storm sydney cafe - police storm a sydney cafe where hostages were being held by a gunman ident
nsw police via siege is over . more details to follow .il y a 15 min
what did that man achieve by harming those poor people ?!
state of sydneysiege gunman currently unknown , reports he shot at one least one hostage during sydneysiege raid
relieved to hear the siege is finally over in sydney
the sydney siege is over . i really hope that islamonazi has bee put down like the dog he is .
thank goodness is over . my heart goes out to those who were victimized .
is over , 2 dead , 3 seriously injured . gunman is known to police
nsw police via siege is over . more details to follow .il y a 15 min
is over with 2 confirmed dead and 3 injured so sad and tragic :(
state of sydneysiege gunman currently unknown , reports he shot at one least one hostage during sydneysiege raid
are the reports of two people have been killed in the sydney siege true ? omg my heart goes out to all those affect and their families
the sydney siege is over . i really hope that islamonazi has bee put down like the dog he is .
stunning video showing explosions and gunfire : the moment police stormed the sydney cafe where hostages were being held
is over , 2 dead , 3 seriously injured . gunman is known to police
hostages held in cafe , australian police fear islamic militants involved
is over with 2 confirmed dead and 3 injured so sad and tragic :(
: police storm siege cafe in downtown sydney
are the reports of two people have been killed in the sydney siege true ? omg my heart goes out to all those affect and their families
noew has realest a new video
stunning video showing explosions and gunfire : the moment police stormed the sydney cafe where hostages were being held
[global news ] goes viral after sydney siege
hostages held in cafe , australian police fear islamic militants involved
once again is doing a great job on reporting on this
: police storm siege cafe in downtown sydney
very surreal watching unfold and glad it's over .
noew has realest a new video
yea . looks like , they won't preempt . really sad to see what's happening in sydney .
[global news ] goes viral after sydney siege
just in : at least 7 people taken away on stretchers
once again is doing a great job on reporting on this
people are upset that 5 sos aren't tweeting about sydney , but they were completely okay with most of them not tweeting about ferguson . okay .
very surreal watching unfold and glad it's over .
seven people taken away on stretchers , with paramedics treating five . live stream
yea . looks like , they won't preempt . really sad to see what's happening in sydney .
the sydney lindt cafe siege is over . 4 people injured but no details .
just in : at least 7 people taken away on stretchers
thanks for your reporting , daniel . hope you never have to cover anything like that again . praying for sydney from virginia .
people are upset that 5 sos aren't tweeting about sydney , but they were completely okay with most of them not tweeting about ferguson . okay .
.channel 7 is trying to confirm reports of the two deaths . it's unconfirmed at the moment . they assume it is the gunman and a hostage .
seven people taken away on stretchers , with paramedics treating five . live stream
uber responded to the sydney siege yesterday by implementing surge pricing to 'bring more drivers online ' lol .
the sydney lindt cafe siege is over . 4 people injured but no details .
the gunman in sydney was known for sending letters to families of dead soldiers . why was he not imprisoned ?
thanks for your reporting , daniel . hope you never have to cover anything like that again . praying for sydney from virginia .
you know once they shut off the lights , they are going in
.channel 7 is trying to confirm reports of the two deaths . it's unconfirmed at the moment . they assume it is the gunman and a hostage .
y'all are talking about the sydney siege while there are cia blacksites torturing people with water boarding which is illegal and inhumane
uber responded to the sydney siege yesterday by implementing surge pricing to 'bring more drivers online ' lol .
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee - via
the gunman in sydney was known for sending letters to families of dead soldiers . why was he not imprisoned ?
after 16 hours , the is over . sending all my love and support to my place of birth .
you know once they shut off the lights , they are going in
: australian jewish institutions under lockdown amid sydney hostage crisis
y'all are talking about the sydney siege while there are cia blacksites torturing people with water boarding which is illegal and inhumane
police fire into cafe after captives race from buildingread more at
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee - via
live tv footage showed hostages running frantically from the cafe at shortly after 2 am in small groups
after 16 hours , the is over . sending all my love and support to my place of birth .
no authorities have confirmed anyone is dead yet . won't believe anything until police confirm
: australian jewish institutions under lockdown amid sydney hostage crisis
watching events unfold in sydney has been terrifying .
live tv footage showed hostages running frantically from the cafe at shortly after 2 am in small groups
so many people thinking of the people held hostage today in sydney
no authorities have confirmed anyone is dead yet . won't believe anything until police confirm
why kill him ? it's too easy done . punishment would be better .
watching events unfold in sydney has been terrifying .
what do i say i about manipur blast or terrorism in general ? i just wish there's a better world for all of us .till then : poetry
photo shows blood soaked stretcher being wheeled to an ambulance after shots were fired at besieged sydney cafe
isis sydney some idiots locked me in jail 4 ditchin school and then when i came out i taught myself 2 build a nuclear bomb wake up
so many people thinking of the people held hostage today in sydney
let's just wait for confirmed news by the media though .
why kill him ? it's too easy done . punishment would be better .
i swear if one of then isn't the gunman i'm gonna be so pissed off
what do i say i about manipur blast or terrorism in general ? i just wish there's a better world for all of us .till then : poetry
at the end it's only truth that prevails .
isis sydney some idiots locked me in jail 4 ditchin school and then when i came out i taught myself 2 build a nuclear bomb wake up
wait so it's one hostage dead and the other is the gunman ?
let's just wait for confirmed news by the media though .
rajdeep sardesai referred the hostage taker in as a gentleman . what these brainless morons think when they say such things ?.
i swear if one of then isn't the gunman i'm gonna be so pissed off
thoughts are with those in sydney , australia and those involved in that cafe situation . glad it's over .
at the end it's only truth that prevails .
save the pc sanctimony . the gunman is a loser . period .
wait so it's one hostage dead and the other is the gunman ?
cnnaljaz report that gunman probably fired first shot when hostages fled , then they entered .they had to .
rajdeep sardesai referred the hostage taker in as a gentleman . what these brainless morons think when they say such things ?.
oh god t ^t dont you always go to sydney for new year eve ???
thoughts are with those in sydney , australia and those involved in that cafe situation . glad it's over .
prayers for all those affected by the hostage situation in australia . it's unusual to see such class and tolerance on the news .#sydneysiege
save the pc sanctimony . the gunman is a loser . period .
: police storm lindt cafe where hostages were being held .
cnnaljaz report that gunman probably fired first shot when hostages fled , then they entered .they had to .
glad to see the hostages out of the cafe and safe
prayers for all those affected by the hostage situation in australia . it's unusual to see such class and tolerance on the news .#sydneysiege
((looks like police stormed the cafe in sydney . hope the only people shot are the bad guys .))
: police storm lindt cafe where hostages were being held .
as relieved as i am that it's over , my heart still breaks for the casualties and those affected
glad to see the hostages out of the cafe and safe
australian police storm sydney cafeending 16 -hour hostage crisis ; 2 reportedly killed
thank god is over !! hope everyone is okay
heartsick to watch hear shotgun rounds against the patient ping of the pedestrian crossing in martin place which i walk daily
((looks like police stormed the cafe in sydney . hope the only people shot are the bad guys .))
i'm not going to bed until i hear this gunman is dead that way i'll be able to sleep tonight
as relieved as i am that it's over , my heart still breaks for the casualties and those affected
utterly wonderful and life affirming thank you sydney . this is how we defeat terror and hatred .
australian police storm sydney cafeending 16 -hour hostage crisis ; 2 reportedly killed
i'm happy hear that the is over , and saddened to hear that 2 of the hostages may have died .
heartsick to watch hear shotgun rounds against the patient ping of the pedestrian crossing in martin place which i walk daily
has given this moron a chance to overtly blame .wonder how keeps a megalomaniac like him employed !
i'm not going to bed until i hear this gunman is dead that way i'll be able to sleep tonight
i'm pretty sure after this ling ling is going to resign from that cafe
utterly wonderful and life affirming thank you sydney . this is how we defeat terror and hatred .
so when will sharpton go to sydney to protest their police in support of the hostage taker ?
i'm happy hear that the is over , and saddened to hear that 2 of the hostages may have died .
lots of shots fired , did teh sidney cops take out the scumbag ? did they his anything ???
has given this moron a chance to overtly blame .wonder how keeps a megalomaniac like him employed !
applies 4 x surge pricing during crisis , then offers refunds after outrage
i'm pretty sure after this ling ling is going to resign from that cafe
insane footage from sydney , pray for safety
so when will sharpton go to sydney to protest their police in support of the hostage taker ?
what did the criminal stand to gain from the ? there's no strategic or tactical value . simply deranged behavior of a lunatic .
lots of shots fired , did teh sidney cops take out the scumbag ? did they his anything ???
: report : 2 dead as police storm sydney cafe
applies 4 x surge pricing during crisis , then offers refunds after outrage
this is the thingin mtl , at ecole polytechniquethe police didn't go in when there was shooting
insane footage from sydney , pray for safety
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via hostages injured
what did the criminal stand to gain from the ? there's no strategic or tactical value . simply deranged behavior of a lunatic .
sydney siege at cafe is over , australian police say
: report : 2 dead as police storm sydney cafe
my prayer go out to all the people affected by the
this is the thingin mtl , at ecole polytechniquethe police didn't go in when there was shooting
so hostage-taker is iranian . jus as i thought ;usa want aus 2 help them invade iran ;like it got countries 2 join in attack on iraq
my prayer go out to all the people affected by the
good luck be courageous ! in a friendly way
so hostage-taker is iranian . jus as i thought ;usa want aus 2 help them invade iran ;like it got countries 2 join in attack on iraq
unfortunately , radical muslims dont care what nominal or moderate muslims think of them . 'the peaceful majority is irrelevant '.#sydneysiege
people are taking selfies outside sydney siege cafe . this is all because of pti trolls and imran khan . khan needs to control his crowd .sick.
is reporting that might have an explosive device on his body .#sydneysiege
good luck be courageous ! in a friendly way
hope everyone is alright , thoughts are with hostages and their families
unfortunately , radical muslims dont care what nominal or moderate muslims think of them . 'the peaceful majority is irrelevant '.#sydneysiege
questions remain : gunfire erupted early tuesday as police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had been hold
oh god , they didn't all get out safely . terrible news , thinking of them and their families . isis need to be stopped .
mt the is over , nsw police confirm , could not comment on injuries or fatalities but will have more info soon .
is reporting that might have an explosive device on his body .#sydneysiege
yeah i'm flicking through 3 channels and no report on the gunman yet . fucking scumbag .
hope everyone is alright , thoughts are with hostages and their families
police storm cafe where hostages held in sydney ; gunman said to be radical cleric :
questions remain : gunfire erupted early tuesday as police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had been hold
here we go with their experts who know everything about nothing .
mt the is over , nsw police confirm , could not comment on injuries or fatalities but will have more info soon .
watch the moment armed police threw flash grenades into the sydney cafe where hostages were being held
yeah i'm flicking through 3 channels and no report on the gunman yet . fucking scumbag .
gunfire erupts , hostages run for lives as police storm sydney siege - yahoo !7
here we go with their experts who know everything about nothing .
yet another reason to divest and drop . company backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
gunfire erupts , hostages run for lives as police storm sydney siege - yahoo !7
wtf is all this thats happening in sydney . theres just too many fucked up people in this world
it's very relieving . a few hostages were injured , but it's not known who and how badly yet . gunman is dead .
posting 'unconfirmed' reports of deaths following is unnecessary unhelpful .
yet another reason to divest and drop . company backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
sydney gunman named as iran refugee /bbc
wtf is all this thats happening in sydney . theres just too many fucked up people in this world
sending love to everyone in sydney ! stay safe .
posting 'unconfirmed' reports of deaths following is unnecessary unhelpful .
gutted about what happened in sydney . :c crazy how so much can happen to someone else when you're just going through a normal day .
sydney gunman named as iran refugee /bbc
gunman holding nine hostages in sydney cafe is a self-styled iranian sheik on bail for ex-wife's murder
finally police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
finally overprops to the authority for ending the terror
sending love to everyone in sydney ! stay safe .
mr vans : gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunf rt
gutted about what happened in sydney . :c crazy how so much can happen to someone else when you're just going through a normal day .
obvious ? no . he is a lone gunman causing trouble yes , and he is wanting to be linked to that organisation arbitrarily
gunman holding nine hostages in sydney cafe is a self-styled iranian sheik on bail for ex-wife's murder
best coverage of the sydney 'situation' was on euronews , hope the injured hostages recover .
finally overprops to the authority for ending the terror
police say hostage situation in is over after a swarm of heavily armed police storm downtown cafe : via
mr vans : gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunf rt
so once again its proved ..terror has no religion ..terrorists have !!
obvious ? no . he is a lone gunman causing trouble yes , and he is wanting to be linked to that organisation arbitrarily
dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe with guns and stun grenades as terrified hostages run for their
best coverage of the sydney 'situation' was on euronews , hope the injured hostages recover .
its time to come together to stop
police say hostage situation in is over after a swarm of heavily armed police storm downtown cafe : via
watching live coverage of the via site while seeing tweets claim siege is over . what's the bomb squad for then ?
so once again its proved ..terror has no religion ..terrorists have !!
disgusting : people taking selfies at the have no shame :
dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe with guns and stun grenades as terrified hostages run for their
$two lie dead in sydney for the name of islam .
its time to come together to stop
the moment the ended . no news on gunman or hostages yet (5 were seen fleeing scene )
watching live coverage of the via site while seeing tweets claim siege is over . what's the bomb squad for then ?
what to learn from this tragedy ? 1 . lock up repeat offenders . 2 . physical harm isnt the only harmtime to get real .
disgusting : people taking selfies at the have no shame :
: 2 people dead , 3 in serious condition , according to reports . no word on gunman
$two lie dead in sydney for the name of islam .
be safe people in . your country was so welcoming to me after sep 11 th i will never forget it . much love to the peaceful people !
the moment the ended . no news on gunman or hostages yet (5 were seen fleeing scene )
followme - sydney siege : police storm cafe - usa today : the australiansydney si followme -
what to learn from this tragedy ? 1 . lock up repeat offenders . 2 . physical harm isnt the only harmtime to get real .
india bombings 2008 - muslims ! london bombings 2005 - muslims ! sydney 2014 - muslims ! never ! behind every attack - muslims !
: 2 people dead , 3 in serious condition , according to reports . no word on gunman
what does this sydney siege have to do with harry ..,
be safe people in . your country was so welcoming to me after sep 11 th i will never forget it . much love to the peaceful people !
news : sydney cafe siege : police storm site - wall street journal
followme - sydney siege : police storm cafe - usa today : the australiansydney si followme -
islamic terrors new front -- australiaoh god what is happening !
india bombings 2008 - muslims ! london bombings 2005 - muslims ! sydney 2014 - muslims ! never ! behind every attack - muslims !
2 dead . we haven't got that info yet . only the gunman . 4 taken to hospital .
news : sydney cafe siege : police storm site - wall street journal
two people dead . no abstract political goal or whatever bullshit will ever justify a single death . horrifying .
islamic terrors new front -- australiaoh god what is happening !
what a harrowing experience for the hostages in sydney . prayers to all involved
2 dead . we haven't got that info yet . only the gunman . 4 taken to hospital .
it's amazing how australian police have dealt with , they think before using guns . us police - take note .
cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gunfire erupted early tuesday as police stormed the sydn
now the dem .'s just have to figure out whether they are going to take credit for saving sydney hostages - or accept blame for the attack .
two people dead . no abstract political goal or whatever bullshit will ever justify a single death . horrifying .
sydney seige over hope all the hostages are ok fuck that guy
what a harrowing experience for the hostages in sydney . prayers to all involved
i wanted to sleep but this dramatic development makes me want to stay up a bit later
it's amazing how australian police have dealt with , they think before using guns . us police - take note .
confirmation the siege is over , it looks like to be a success ? if so then a fantastic effort from the sydney special forces
now the dem .'s just have to figure out whether they are going to take credit for saving sydney hostages - or accept blame for the attack .
with hostages still in danger , sydney residents through hashtag spread a message of tolerance .
sydney seige over hope all the hostages are ok fuck that guy
it's alright . still love your vids . as a true sydney fan . lol
i wanted to sleep but this dramatic development makes me want to stay up a bit later
well done australian police . a bad business well handled . there was never going to be a nice solution .
confirmation the siege is over , it looks like to be a success ? if so then a fantastic effort from the sydney special forces
it's good to hear the sydney siege is over but sad to hear that 2 hostages died . :c
with hostages still in danger , sydney residents through hashtag spread a message of tolerance .
this is the moment police stormed the cafe ending the hostage standoff . latest on 8 p et -
it's alright . still love your vids . as a true sydney fan . lol
2 died in sydney hostages due to heart attack . commandos has done brilliant efforts to release hostages .
well done australian police . a bad business well handled . there was never going to be a nice solution .
also how the media acted wid such responsibility . maybe india can learn a thing or two frm this episode especially media 2 /2
it's good to hear the sydney siege is over but sad to hear that 2 hostages died . :c
take hostages in sydney , australia - this news story has nothing to do with any previous news stori
this is the moment police stormed the cafe ending the hostage standoff . latest on 8 p et -
salaam /peace is my response your ignorance .
2 died in sydney hostages due to heart attack . commandos has done brilliant efforts to release hostages .
its a shame to learn of deaths now in the seige in sydney so that's lives permanently affected because of a dirty murdering sexcase scumbag
also how the media acted wid such responsibility . maybe india can learn a thing or two frm this episode especially media 2 /2
watch : five sydney hostages escape - video shows some of the hostages being held in sydney during an on-going host
take hostages in sydney , australia - this news story has nothing to do with any previous news stori
video of hostages running from cafe via bbc
salaam /peace is my response your ignorance .
sir your thoughts on what happened in sydney today ??
its a shame to learn of deaths now in the seige in sydney so that's lives permanently affected because of a dirty murdering sexcase scumbag
is over - new south wales police force nswpolice tweets via bbc
watch : five sydney hostages escape - video shows some of the hostages being held in sydney during an on-going host
so glad to hear that the sydney siege is over and that everyone is safe . very good news indeed .
video of hostages running from cafe via bbc
what's most shocking about is that australia is the land of beers and barbecues , not bombs .
is over - new south wales police force nswpolice tweets via bbc
that many police entering while other people are being shot and they don't kill the gunman ? that'll be the real story
so glad to hear that the sydney siege is over and that everyone is safe . very good news indeed .
we all belong 2 one human race
what's most shocking about is that australia is the land of beers and barbecues , not bombs .
thank god is over . my thoughts are with the people and their families .
police in sydney just kicked ass . bet they are not chanting fuck the police like the kids over at spotjso .
not a reflection of muslim ethos - our prayers are with all hostages and their families .
that many police entering while other people are being shot and they don't kill the gunman ? that'll be the real story
blasts , gunfire as cops storm sydney cafe
we all belong 2 one human race
as the world has its eyes on we are blindsided by another hostage situation in !
thank god is over . my thoughts are with the people and their families .
r gunfire and explosions erupt in martin place as sydney siege ends
not a reflection of muslim ethos - our prayers are with all hostages and their families .
: $139 for a romantic city stay castlereagh boutique hotel ! visit for details
blasts , gunfire as cops storm sydney cafe
respect to the people of sydney for showing us that harmony is the best way to deal with extremism
as the world has its eyes on we are blindsided by another hostage situation in !
has reinstated my faith in humanity . so beautiful to see so many people come together in a time of chaos
r gunfire and explosions erupt in martin place as sydney siege ends
feel bad for people who don't own any vehicles . they won't be able to save any money with this petrol /diesel price drop
: $139 for a romantic city stay castlereagh boutique hotel ! visit for details
its over no confirmations if gunman is dead or captured alive
respect to the people of sydney for showing us that harmony is the best way to deal with extremism
christian friends : prayers have been offered up re : hostage situation in sydney ! but , why was that lunatic running loose ?!
has reinstated my faith in humanity . so beautiful to see so many people come together in a time of chaos
so relieved to hear it's over . love from the uk to all affected friends and strangers .
feel bad for people who don't own any vehicles . they won't be able to save any money with this petrol /diesel price drop
my thoughts and prayers go to all hostages and their families
its over no confirmations if gunman is dead or captured alive
police storm sydney cafe where hostages were held captive , say situation is over :
christian friends : prayers have been offered up re : hostage situation in sydney ! but , why was that lunatic running loose ?!
emotional images from hope all of the hostages recover soon and can spend christmas with their families
so relieved to hear it's over . love from the uk to all affected friends and strangers .
can't believe what has happened in sydney today glad everyone i care about got out safe
my thoughts and prayers go to all hostages and their families
so what's going on in sydney ? *does my research *
police storm sydney cafe where hostages were held captive , say situation is over :
from watching livestream from aus : i can see several stretchers with people on them being taken out of lindt cafe in sydney
emotional images from hope all of the hostages recover soon and can spend christmas with their families
you're right . i've been glued to the coverage but there are conflicting reports . need to wait for the presser .
can't believe what has happened in sydney today glad everyone i care about got out safe
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe where man haron monis held hostages
so what's going on in sydney ? *does my research *
everything about the hostage taker is just bananas .
from watching livestream from aus : i can see several stretchers with people on them being taken out of lindt cafe in sydney
according 2 , gunman dead , 2 hostages dead ,3 critically injured .
you're right . i've been glued to the coverage but there are conflicting reports . need to wait for the presser .
just in : australian police confirms that sydney cafe siege is now over after more than 16 hours .#sydneysiege
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe where man haron monis held hostages
feeling very far from home and incredibly sad to hear about the death of hostages .
everything about the hostage taker is just bananas .
staggering live shot from abc shows the moment armed police stormed the cafe in sydney .
according 2 , gunman dead , 2 hostages dead ,3 critically injured .
thinking of our australian friends in the aftermath of the
just in : australian police confirms that sydney cafe siege is now over after more than 16 hours .#sydneysiege
i just hope everyone who lives is sydney is fine
feeling very far from home and incredibly sad to hear about the death of hostages .
the siege in a sydney cafe has now come to an end after police storm the building
staggering live shot from abc shows the moment armed police stormed the cafe in sydney .
went in at around 2 :14 am quite the amount of gunfire and flashbangs from police .
thinking of our australian friends in the aftermath of the
pray for those in sydney , australia as well as peace as they move forward . sounds like it did not end well .
i just hope everyone who lives is sydney is fine
sydney siege over with 2 dead and many injured
the siege in a sydney cafe has now come to an end after police storm the building
cnn now saying gunman is dead
went in at around 2 :14 am quite the amount of gunfire and flashbangs from police .
so if england-born dom dwyer marries canada-born sydney leroux and gets his us citizenship , does juergen klinsmann get his wings ?
pray for those in sydney , australia as well as peace as they move forward . sounds like it did not end well .
mr vans : sydney siege : police storm cafe - usa today : the australiansydney siege : police storm cafeusa toda rt
sydney siege over with 2 dead and many injured
news reporting deaths with no source . this is a new low .
cnn now saying gunman is dead
17 ours and its over just a big trend for .
so if england-born dom dwyer marries canada-born sydney leroux and gets his us citizenship , does juergen klinsmann get his wings ?
wait do they think that terrorist act in sydney was a part of isis
mr vans : sydney siege : police storm cafe - usa today : the australiansydney siege : police storm cafeusa toda rt
rt police say is over previously , bomb disposal robot is went into the building .
news reporting deaths with no source . this is a new low .
sydney hostage siege is over ; police storm cafe ; fate of gunman is unknown at this time
17 ours and its over just a big trend for .
mt the sydney hostage guy was charged with 22 counts of aggravated sexual assault in october .
wait do they think that terrorist act in sydney was a part of isis
have you guys been watching the news on the siege in sydney at all ?
rt police say is over previously , bomb disposal robot is went into the building .
we can stop calling these as terror attacks and simply call these islamic attacks to avoid confusion
mt the sydney hostage guy was charged with 22 counts of aggravated sexual assault in october .
is finally over . thank god . whoever those kidnappers are , at least torture them before releasing them .
have you guys been watching the news on the siege in sydney at all ?
why is there so much delay on the status of the ? is he dead ? injured ? it's the most imp detail of the entire siege !!
we can stop calling these as terror attacks and simply call these islamic attacks to avoid confusion
good morning . the is over , now we can start the day .
oh sydney , i'm deeply saddened for you .
hostage taking is , must take stern action against perpetrators to prevent suc crime happening again .
is finally over . thank god . whoever those kidnappers are , at least torture them before releasing them .
just in : man at center of sydney hostage crisis posted anti-western message online sunday . details soon .
why is there so much delay on the status of the ? is he dead ? injured ? it's the most imp detail of the entire siege !!
man i feel really bad for sydney right now but i think they will be ok
good morning . the is over , now we can start the day .
awful to hear that 2 people have died :( i hope the people who are currently in a critical condition pull through !
hostage taking is , must take stern action against perpetrators to prevent suc crime happening again .
thankful that the is over . my thoughts /prayers are w / all affected , especially the families of the 2 dead 3 in crit condition
just in : man at center of sydney hostage crisis posted anti-western message online sunday . details soon .
should have been in , the hostage taker would 've released everyone just listening to him
awful to hear that 2 people have died :( i hope the people who are currently in a critical condition pull through !
the australiansydney siege : police storm cafeusa todaypolice stormed a sydney cafe early tuesday australian ti
thankful that the is over . my thoughts /prayers are w / all affected , especially the families of the 2 dead 3 in crit condition
sydney siege : police storm cafe - usa today : the australiansydney siege : police storm cafeusa todaypolice stor
should have been in , the hostage taker would 've released everyone just listening to him
sooo you didn't see the hostage situation in sydney ?
breaking - sydney siege lifted say police
i love listening to the 5 sos livesos album bc if i close my eyes i can picture myself at their concert except they are saying sydney instead
sydney siege : police storm cafe - usa today : the australiansydney siege : police storm cafeusa todaypolice stor
very :( as said though , one should be the gunman . fingers crossed anyway .
sooo you didn't see the hostage situation in sydney ?
so sad 2 people were killed
i love listening to the 5 sos livesos album bc if i close my eyes i can picture myself at their concert except they are saying sydney instead
just knew this would happen in the sydney siege had a not so gud feeling on this in the early hrs of this morning when i heard ferocious end
dramatic end to siege as police storm cafe with guns and stun grenades
show me one verse of gita which endorses untouchability .indian atheism =anti hinduism ,pro islam
very :( as said though , one should be the gunman . fingers crossed anyway .
1984 sikh riots we strongly condemn such senseless acts .our thoughts and prayers are with hostages their families
so sad 2 people were killed
hope all the people are ok in sydney poor people
just knew this would happen in the sydney siege had a not so gud feeling on this in the early hrs of this morning when i heard ferocious end
why does the gunman feel a need to do that to normal , innocent workers who were enjoying their morning coffee .
show me one verse of gita which endorses untouchability .indian atheism =anti hinduism ,pro islam
prof adam dolnik on a problem w / : controlling the social media narrative so we control what is said /seen. really ? wow .
1984 sikh riots we strongly condemn such senseless acts .our thoughts and prayers are with hostages their families
police say sydney hostage situation is over . more details to come :
hope all the people are ok in sydney poor people
finaly every one is safe ,its time to teach them a lesson
why does the gunman feel a need to do that to normal , innocent workers who were enjoying their morning coffee .
so glad the seige is over in sydney , i just hope all hostages are ok , my thoughts are with them
prof adam dolnik on a problem w / : controlling the social media narrative so we control what is said /seen. really ? wow .
asylum seeker who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom his fellow countrymen provided , terrorised them ?
police say sydney hostage situation is over . more details to come :
i'm glad they got those jackasses . another ag - asses gone .
finaly every one is safe ,its time to teach them a lesson
storming of cafe ends hostage crisis by suspected iranian-born islamic extremist gunman who had been arrested
so glad the seige is over in sydney , i just hope all hostages are ok , my thoughts are with them
: thoughts prayers with the australian nation is a positive response to root out radicalisation in the world
asylum seeker who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom his fellow countrymen provided , terrorised them ?
sydney siege ends ; fate of gunman unknown
i'm glad they got those jackasses . another ag - asses gone .
sad news to hear possible two dead people from the siege
storming of cafe ends hostage crisis by suspected iranian-born islamic extremist gunman who had been arrested
five killed in pennsylvania shootings , suspect in standoff with swat : a gunman suspected
: thoughts prayers with the australian nation is a positive response to root out radicalisation in the world
what we know about suspected sydney hostage taker man haron monis :
sad news to hear possible two dead people from the siege
is over : police storm cafe where man haron monis held hostages
five killed in pennsylvania shootings , suspect in standoff with swat : a gunman suspected
i'm an awful person ikr but the terror in sydney felt like one of tm's episodes you can't imagine what i was doing to my tv and cnn channel
what we know about suspected sydney hostage taker man haron monis :
at least two reported dead after hostage situation in sydney
news : police storm sydney cafe where gunman hold hostages
[video] dramatic video of gun fight between police and islamic terrorist in sydney australia live feed
is over : police storm cafe where man haron monis held hostages
:gunman holding people hostage ,identified as an iranian refugee who was on bail facing a number of charges .#sydneysiege
i'm an awful person ikr but the terror in sydney felt like one of tm's episodes you can't imagine what i was doing to my tv and cnn channel
two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends .
at least two reported dead after hostage situation in sydney
i commend the well-prepared forces . the in is finally over with two death and minor injuries .
:gunman holding people hostage ,identified as an iranian refugee who was on bail facing a number of charges .#sydneysiege
my heart goes out to those in sydney right now . please stay safe everyone !
two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends .
good news it is over . lindt cafe hostage drama in martin place , sydney : day two via
i commend the well-prepared forces . the in is finally over with two death and minor injuries .
sad world we live with 2 dead . our once peaceful country is now a target for future attacks
my heart goes out to those in sydney right now . please stay safe everyone !
working and waiting to hear about the sydney terrorist attack
good news it is over . lindt cafe hostage drama in martin place , sydney : day two via
absolutely terrifying what was happening in sydney today . it does look like the worst is over though
sad world we live with 2 dead . our once peaceful country is now a target for future attacks
damn lasted 17 hours .. 2 dead , 3 severely injured
that was terrible on what happened in lindt chocolate cafe in sydney . oh god have mercy and save the innocent people .
so sad to hear that 2 have died in
working and waiting to hear about the sydney terrorist attack
sydney police identify gunman as man haris monas , 49 year old iranian who arrived in australia in 1996 as a refugee
absolutely terrifying what was happening in sydney today . it does look like the worst is over though
sorry 5 sos we're abit occupied due to the sydney siege maybe you could talk about your album some other time
damn lasted 17 hours .. 2 dead , 3 severely injured
sydney gunman reported to be radical iranian-born cleric with criminal record in australia
so sad to hear that 2 have died in
gunman is one of two people killed
sydney police identify gunman as man haris monas , 49 year old iranian who arrived in australia in 1996 as a refugee
looking at the latest picture of on it looks like all the police had a go at throwing stun grenades !!haha
sorry 5 sos we're abit occupied due to the sydney siege maybe you could talk about your album some other time
please concentrate your efforts and tweets on supporting until their mess is resolved .
sydney gunman reported to be radical iranian-born cleric with criminal record in australia
hi sydney friends - was anyone near martin place today ? please let me know - would love to have you on a canadian news show .
looking at the latest picture of on it looks like all the police had a go at throwing stun grenades !!haha
: eastgunman holding hostages in sydney cafe demands isis flag
please concentrate your efforts and tweets on supporting until their mess is resolved .
i'm on leave , but i don't think it would matter .
hi sydney friends - was anyone near martin place today ? please let me know - would love to have you on a canadian news show .
paramedics have been photographed resuscitating a casualty at lindt cafe
really hope ends without any killing
scary to think how quickly a normal day could just change for the worst
i'm on leave , but i don't think it would matter .
everybody morreni in sydney and eu am misturando english e portuguese pq i am diva
paramedics have been photographed resuscitating a casualty at lindt cafe
quintessential recommendations first hiring high expert plumber sydney : wwsp
scary to think how quickly a normal day could just change for the worst
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held from nbc 10
it means gunman is finished , that's why it is possible for all hostages to came out
two are dead ,several in critical condition
everybody morreni in sydney and eu am misturando english e portuguese pq i am diva
every single person should have come out alive and un injured the only person that should have died today was the gunman .
quintessential recommendations first hiring high expert plumber sydney : wwsp
us philadelphia police surround gunman suspected of shooting 5
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held from nbc 10
the sydney cafe siege ends with two people dead and others injured , australia's abc reports .
two are dead ,several in critical condition
i can't believe someone would be so heartless as to hold innocent people hostage !! but at least it's over now
every single person should have come out alive and un injured the only person that should have died today was the gunman .
is over here's hoping everyone is ok and there are no casualties .
us philadelphia police surround gunman suspected of shooting 5
2 dead many wounded . reporters on scene counted 11 escaped before moved in
the sydney cafe siege ends with two people dead and others injured , australia's abc reports .
trailers sydney - the likely preview being as how thy freight !: basnmy
i can't believe someone would be so heartless as to hold innocent people hostage !! but at least it's over now
update - police say sydney cafe hostage situation over from nbc 10
is over here's hoping everyone is ok and there are no casualties .
australian radio host says he got a call from a hostage and could hear gunman in background
2 dead many wounded . reporters on scene counted 11 escaped before moved in
watching scenes from on tv really made me shiver . reminds me of 9 /11 london bomings ; total 'is this real life ?' moment .
trailers sydney - the likely preview being as how thy freight !: basnmy
watch the sydney siege unfold live :
australian radio host says he got a call from a hostage and could hear gunman in background
conservative musings : jihadist takes cafe hostage in sydney australia , w
watching scenes from on tv really made me shiver . reminds me of 9 /11 london bomings ; total 'is this real life ?' moment .
over 16 hours of hostage situation in sydney is over : -
watch the sydney siege unfold live :
australian press reporting at least 2 dead , status of gunman still unclear
sydney cafe hostage situation over , 'number of people have been hit ' via
my heart goes out to those familys involved in the sydney siege and to the muslim community , lets honestly hope theres no racist backlash !!
conservative musings : jihadist takes cafe hostage in sydney australia , w
watch : footage of heavily-armed police swooping on cafe as rapid gunfire heard / sunday world :
over 16 hours of hostage situation in sydney is over : -
channel 7 news in sydney reports 2 dead , 3 injured . horrible .
australian press reporting at least 2 dead , status of gunman still unclear
we can't negotiate with crazy people ! big up 'nsw' police for putting end to
my heart goes out to those familys involved in the sydney siege and to the muslim community , lets honestly hope theres no racist backlash !!
check this out police storm sydney cafe - the week magazine : cnnpolice storm sydney cafethe we
watch : footage of heavily-armed police swooping on cafe as rapid gunfire heard / sunday world :
canada's thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends . indeed !!
channel 7 news in sydney reports 2 dead , 3 injured . horrible .
2 dead in sydney cafe siege : two people are dead and three are in serious condition after the hostage siege ends at a sydney ca
we can't negotiate with crazy people ! big up 'nsw' police for putting end to
fmr . obama cia chief : expect similar is inspired attack in us in 'next year or so , guaranteed '
check this out police storm sydney cafe - the week magazine : cnnpolice storm sydney cafethe we
cnn says australia's abc news has reported two dead . i'm watching the abc live stream : abc has not said that .
canada's thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends . indeed !!
if something big in sydney actually does happen on new year's i am out
2 dead in sydney cafe siege : two people are dead and three are in serious condition after the hostage siege ends at a sydney ca
gunman shot hostage police stormed buildinggunman reported deadhostage suffered cardiac arrest , possibly deceased
fmr . obama cia chief : expect similar is inspired attack in us in 'next year or so , guaranteed '
2 dead , 3 seriously injuredin us today 2 shooting incident happened more than 5 dead
cnn says australia's abc news has reported two dead . i'm watching the abc live stream : abc has not said that .
stay updated on the developing hostage situation in a sydney , australia cafe , where police have raided the building
if something big in sydney actually does happen on new year's i am out
the fire fight has been described as intense and went for at least five minutes - from
gunman shot hostage police stormed buildinggunman reported deadhostage suffered cardiac arrest , possibly deceased
can democracies prevent if they know violent radical likely to commit terrorism--or only clean up after ?
2 dead , 3 seriously injuredin us today 2 shooting incident happened more than 5 dead
abc news 24, reporting on , livestream not working for me on their site , but their yt stream still going
stay updated on the developing hostage situation in a sydney , australia cafe , where police have raided the building
i havta hand it to the aussie law enforcement , they went in the cafe it was done ! great job ending the ordeal !
the fire fight has been described as intense and went for at least five minutes - from
the nut job was out on bail charged with some horrendous crimes ..the first duty of govenment is to protect it's citizens
can democracies prevent if they know violent radical likely to commit terrorism--or only clean up after ?
when all else fails , send in the big guns ..#sydneysiege
abc news 24, reporting on , livestream not working for me on their site , but their yt stream still going
is apparently over . unconfirmed news says 2 deaths . guess the idiot himself is there so he can enjoy the 72 virgins now
i havta hand it to the aussie law enforcement , they went in the cafe it was done ! great job ending the ordeal !
the hostage crisis in sydney , australia , has ended after stormed the building .
the nut job was out on bail charged with some horrendous crimes ..the first duty of govenment is to protect it's citizens
everyone please pray for the people who were involved in the sydney siege , they need as much help and support as they can get !
when all else fails , send in the big guns ..#sydneysiege
photo : a stretcher is wheeled to an ambulance outside of the besieged sydney cafe .
is apparently over . unconfirmed news says 2 deaths . guess the idiot himself is there so he can enjoy the 72 virgins now
declared over but doesn't mean our prayers or compassion have to
everyone please pray for the people who were involved in the sydney siege , they need as much help and support as they can get !
atlast d asshole is gunned down ! he should have been brought in public spat upon by muslims ! that wud be his true punishment !
photo : a stretcher is wheeled to an ambulance outside of the besieged sydney cafe .
rest in peace to the brave hearts that died in the sydney siege
declared over but doesn't mean our prayers or compassion have to
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named via
sydney siege over after police storm cafe
rip to the two innocent hostages who passed away during the . our thoughts are this your families and loved ones .
atlast d asshole is gunned down ! he should have been brought in public spat upon by muslims ! that wud be his true punishment !
2 dead in sydney cafe siege : two people are dead and three are in serious conditi
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named via
thank god my source in australia says it's over . the police stormed the safe and captured the mad gunman .
rip to the two innocent hostages who passed away during the . our thoughts are this your families and loved ones .
glad is over , can't believe that nutter was allowed on the streets with his nasty history .thoughts with hostages and families
2 dead in sydney cafe siege : two people are dead and three are in serious conditi
my thoughts are with everyone affected by the ! terrible situation ! but i love that the ppl responded with
thank god my source in australia says it's over . the police stormed the safe and captured the mad gunman .
irony of people thanking god for the being over when an irrational belief system based on a fictional deity is the root cause
glad is over , can't believe that nutter was allowed on the streets with his nasty history .thoughts with hostages and families
shocking scenes on the news from sydney . such a sad world we live in .
my thoughts are with everyone affected by the ! terrible situation ! but i love that the ppl responded with
sydney siege ends as police storm site : it's unclear if there are an
i commend the efforts of the sydney police in this crisis . they are doing a better job than the us police .
hostage situation in sydney australia is over -
irony of people thanking god for the being over when an irrational belief system based on a fictional deity is the root cause
twitter list with all police , fire , ambulance twitter feeds for sydney can be found here :
shocking scenes on the news from sydney . such a sad world we live in .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : (ap) a flurry of loud bangs erupted early tuesday as a swarm of
sydney siege ends as police storm site : it's unclear if there are an
finally end . watching it on tv was like reliving the mumbai 26 /11 horrors
hostage situation in sydney australia is over -
the end of the is the beginning of a long recovery period for the hostages . hope they will get all the support needed .
twitter list with all police , fire , ambulance twitter feeds for sydney can be found here :
so glad to hear the is over ! praying for all the hostages .
finally end . watching it on tv was like reliving the mumbai 26 /11 horrors
okay monday sucks and it's not because of school since no one can go because of the strike
the end of the is the beginning of a long recovery period for the hostages . hope they will get all the support needed .
reports that two people have died and several injured as police storm sydney cafe where man held hostages for 16 hours .
so glad to hear the is over ! praying for all the hostages .
after 17 hours , sydney siege is over but leaving two dead and three injured .
sydney cafe hostage situation over , 'number of people have been hit '
sydney siege : what do we know about sydney siege suspect man haron monis ?: via
reports that two people have died and several injured as police storm sydney cafe where man held hostages for 16 hours .
anonymous sydney crisis : hostages share gunman's demands in chilling phone calls :
after 17 hours , sydney siege is over but leaving two dead and three injured .
media ignores it , pm tweets about sydney siege his election campaign but ,silent on manipur blast . we wonder why the ne feels alienated .
it's said to say one of the deaths was the gunman
all my love to my people in sydney !
anonymous sydney crisis : hostages share gunman's demands in chilling phone calls :
don't let what is happening in sydney fuel even more racism against islam
media ignores it , pm tweets about sydney siege his election campaign but ,silent on manipur blast . we wonder why the ne feels alienated .
ends : 2 dead many injured after police storm 3 sydney cafe
don't let what is happening in sydney fuel even more racism against islam
proud of your cops and special forces . very brave to go in as they did . hoping all those held are safe
ends : 2 dead many injured after police storm 3 sydney cafe
if nawaz sharif was the president of australia , no one would have been taking selfies outside sydney cafe . this is common among insafians .
sydney siege over , 7 hostages hurt , with 2 fatalities . now the focus is on preventing a copycat .
reading on twitter about the end of the siege in sydney . 4 pm irish radio news leading with 'negotiations continuing '.
[just in ] 2 people are dead , 3 in serious condition in hostage siege at sydney cafe .
^rj sydney gunman has long criminal history
proud of your cops and special forces . very brave to go in as they did . hoping all those held are safe
gunman is one of two people who have been killed , 4 injured , perhaps 3 critically . one of the injured is a nsw state police officer .
if nawaz sharif was the president of australia , no one would have been taking selfies outside sydney cafe . this is common among insafians .
prayers prayers !! some are so unfortunate , pls god change their fortune
reading on twitter about the end of the siege in sydney . 4 pm irish radio news leading with 'negotiations continuing '.
sydney siege : police storm lindt chocolate cafe to free hostages shots fired (video) sydney siege
^rj sydney gunman has long criminal history
glad 2 know that obama has his priorities in order . the sydney seize has ended obama is taping with ryan seacrest .
gunman is one of two people who have been killed , 4 injured , perhaps 3 critically . one of the injured is a nsw state police officer .
- suggesting the gunman and one other person have died , but remember this info is unconfirmed at this stage
prayers prayers !! some are so unfortunate , pls god change their fortune
no messing about but with such a sound pm you would expect nothing else
sydney siege : police storm lindt chocolate cafe to free hostages shots fired (video) sydney siege
for all of the police haters , what would have happened today in if they weren't on duty ?
glad 2 know that obama has his priorities in order . the sydney seize has ended obama is taping with ryan seacrest .
uber criticized over cost surge in sydney during hostage siegeuber is offering free rides in sydney as it seek
- suggesting the gunman and one other person have died , but remember this info is unconfirmed at this stage
any nation that allows unlimited migration from islamic lands will most definitely suffer a bad fate .
no messing about but with such a sound pm you would expect nothing else
i live in sydney but nowhere near the cbd lmao
for all of the police haters , what would have happened today in if they weren't on duty ?
video of the dramatic moment police stormed the sydney cafe |
uber criticized over cost surge in sydney during hostage siegeuber is offering free rides in sydney as it seek
glad is over . dear haron monis , may your soul rest in 'pieces'.
any nation that allows unlimited migration from islamic lands will most definitely suffer a bad fate .
reported that 1 of the 2 people reported to have died is the gunman
i live in sydney but nowhere near the cbd lmao
glad to hear that the sydney hostage seige is over . here's hoping none of the hostages was hurt too badly .
video of the dramatic moment police stormed the sydney cafe |
nothing stops the war on christmas not even a hostage situation in sydney ,
glad is over . dear haron monis , may your soul rest in 'pieces'.
watching playback of the . like clockwork , they are tying it to .
reported that 1 of the 2 people reported to have died is the gunman
praying for all the victims in sydney australia
glad to hear that the sydney hostage seige is over . here's hoping none of the hostages was hurt too badly .
so many strong opinions and religious /political lines being drawn . what happened to admitting 'we don't have all the answers '
nothing stops the war on christmas not even a hostage situation in sydney ,
pure madness what's happened in sydney
watching playback of the . like clockwork , they are tying it to .
this sydney hostage situation is scary stuff could happen to anyone
praying for all the victims in sydney australia
some of those being taken to hospital may just be suffering from the effects of the police flashbang grenades .. lets hope .
so many strong opinions and religious /political lines being drawn . what happened to admitting 'we don't have all the answers '
is nice ! (anti-racist, anti-islamophobic response to the .)
pure madness what's happened in sydney
i'm wrapping my christmas presents while watching the live coverage of the ! don't feel christmasy at all ! :(
this sydney hostage situation is scary stuff could happen to anyone
very sad if true . unconfirmed : 2 dead , 3 seriously injured , including a police officer
some of those being taken to hospital may just be suffering from the effects of the police flashbang grenades .. lets hope .
thank god the has ended with just the culprit being killed .
is nice ! (anti-racist, anti-islamophobic response to the .)
gunman dead - one of two killed supposedly .
i'm wrapping my christmas presents while watching the live coverage of the ! don't feel christmasy at all ! :(
that swat team wasn't fuckin about ! poppin bare shots off
very sad if true . unconfirmed : 2 dead , 3 seriously injured , including a police officer
sydney police storm lindt cafe ..siege over :
thank god the has ended with just the culprit being killed .
at about 2 am , nsw police stormed the cafe and attacked the 'gunman'.
gunman dead - one of two killed supposedly .
great to hear the situation in sydney is over , sad that its happened in the first place . thoughts are with everyone involved .
that swat team wasn't fuckin about ! poppin bare shots off
this day is also the anniversary of look for nra and gop to blame obama and promote gun sales
sydney police storm lindt cafe ..siege over :
is over . do what they do best . show same 5 clips over over pretending to know what they are talking abt .
at about 2 am , nsw police stormed the cafe and attacked the 'gunman'.
unconfirmed reports two people died in including hostage taker .
great to hear the situation in sydney is over , sad that its happened in the first place . thoughts are with everyone involved .
lessons from . as a journalist , don't glamourize terror . very instructive the local media blanked out the hostage-taker demands
this day is also the anniversary of look for nra and gop to blame obama and promote gun sales
for those of you who lost track - lasted more than 16 hours
is over . do what they do best . show same 5 clips over over pretending to know what they are talking abt .
islamic terror reaches down under - lets all unite to defeat these modern day demons
unconfirmed reports two people died in including hostage taker .
so terrible as to what is going on in sydney .
lessons from . as a journalist , don't glamourize terror . very instructive the local media blanked out the hostage-taker demands
live : loud gunfire as police breach hostage scene
for those of you who lost track - lasted more than 16 hours
this sydney siege is insane !!! i ml late but ong
islamic terror reaches down under - lets all unite to defeat these modern day demons
gunman doesn't even deserve death , he should suffer in prison and all the consequences of this disgrace
live : loud gunfire as police breach hostage scene
sydney hostage-taker sounds more like a nutcase than a terrorist .
this sydney siege is insane !!! i ml late but ong
paul gascoigne has arrived at the claiming to be a friend of isis
gunman doesn't even deserve death , he should suffer in prison and all the consequences of this disgrace
: sydney cafe siege : police storm site - wall street journal
thoughts and love go out sydney .
, wat abt ? its under siege fr decades wid 2 million people suffering .siege no matter where is jst wrong
sydney hostage-taker sounds more like a nutcase than a terrorist .
is flase flag ! a zionist hoax ! i am muslim , we would never do that !
paul gascoigne has arrived at the claiming to be a friend of isis
so glad to hear that all the hostages public are safe in sydney , also , absolute respect for whoever started the trend
: sydney cafe siege : police storm site - wall street journal
sydney siege : gunman holds hostages in cafe [sale ]
, wat abt ? its under siege fr decades wid 2 million people suffering .siege no matter where is jst wrong
after seeing the black flag , i wondered what muslims in sydney would have to face now . was not what i was a surprise !
is flase flag ! a zionist hoax ! i am muslim , we would never do that !
ksdk-tv : developments in sydney , australiawatch live coverage .
so glad to hear that all the hostages public are safe in sydney , also , absolute respect for whoever started the trend
but if the camera man catch the gunman then how come the snapper didn't shoot him and save some soul
sydney siege : gunman holds hostages in cafe [sale ]
how many of us have to sanctify our life .. we all must fight against terrorism
ksdk-tv : developments in sydney , australiawatch live coverage .
the attacker is an islamic cleric . but clerics have absolutely no knowledge of islam .
but if the camera man catch the gunman then how come the snapper didn't shoot him and save some soul
lone wolf with mental problems and rapsheet .
how many of us have to sanctify our life .. we all must fight against terrorism
why sydney ? why australia ? maybe because we helped create the 'islamic state '!
can someone explain whats going on in sydney is everyone okay
that is how you deal with extreme islamists .
the attacker is an islamic cleric . but clerics have absolutely no knowledge of islam .
my thought and prayers go out to everyone affected in the sydney siege so sad :(
lone wolf with mental problems and rapsheet .
my heart goes out to everyone affected in sydney right now
why sydney ? why australia ? maybe because we helped create the 'islamic state '!
i wish indians act like sydney citizens , we should teach our children that terrorism is not connected with religion .
that is how you deal with extreme islamists .
can the learn anything from the swift action of
my thought and prayers go out to everyone affected in the sydney siege so sad :(
i am grateful for my peaceful country !!!
i wish indians act like sydney citizens , we should teach our children that terrorism is not connected with religion .
watching the live coverage of hope everyone involved is okay . 17 hours of hell for the hostages has finally ended .
can the learn anything from the swift action of
great job amy on the special reporting about the gunman in australia .
i am grateful for my peaceful country !!!
and some kid was making a joke about what was happening in sydney and i just hate people
sydney siege over as police storm cafe to free hostages [sale ]
y in every such incident the muslim involved ? shld v declare them terrorist community ?#sydneysiege
great job amy on the special reporting about the gunman in australia .
the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition :
and some kid was making a joke about what was happening in sydney and i just hate people
hostage siege is over in sydney , australia !
y in every such incident the muslim involved ? shld v declare them terrorist community ?#sydneysiege
gunshots have apparently been heard and my heart can't take it . may all the hostages come out safe and sound .
seen live demo of it all day in
gunman is self-styled sheik preacher , on bail for accessory to murder and numerous sexual assaults via
the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition :
what happened in sydney im trying to figure it out
hostage siege is over in sydney , australia !
sydney radio station claims 2 dead in dramatic end to , according to 2 ue's police sources .
gunshots have apparently been heard and my heart can't take it . may all the hostages come out safe and sound .
you know it's serious when makes the front page of usa today . hope everyone is safe
gunman is self-styled sheik preacher , on bail for accessory to murder and numerous sexual assaults via
the is finally over . thoughts with the people and family's affected
australian police cordon off central sydney street - reuters
is over - coverage now at business insider australia
2 dead in final shootout , not sure if hostages ?
confirmed 2 people have been killed .we pray for their families
i'm really hoping nobody died
happy to hear the hostage situation is over in sydney ! madness .
sydney hostage crisis : at least 12 people flee lindt chocolate shop , standoff - abc news (sent from headlines )
gunman is one of two people killed during the exchange of gunfire .
is over - coverage now at business insider australia
shocking to see that even as armed police stormed the cafe late into the night daft onlookers still watched on .
confirmed 2 people have been killed .we pray for their families
is over and we must all live by no matter what your religion , nationality . we are all
happy to hear the hostage situation is over in sydney ! madness .
what a beautiful thing to do . this is what good people do .
gunman is one of two people killed during the exchange of gunfire .
and just taught me once again about universal balance . ada org 2 yg jahat aja bikin teror , dan ada org 2 baik dgn
shocking to see that even as armed police stormed the cafe late into the night daft onlookers still watched on .
i hope the sydney cafe victims are okay !
is over and we must all live by no matter what your religion , nationality . we are all
so heartbreaking to hear about sydney . people are just outstandingly horrible in this world . whats it really going to solve ?#prayforsydney
what a beautiful thing to do . this is what good people do .
australian police name suspect in sydney siege - ctv news
and just taught me once again about universal balance . ada org 2 yg jahat aja bikin teror , dan ada org 2 baik dgn
sydney siege live : six more hostages escape from lindt cafe : 8.39 pm : another six hostages escape from lindt c
i hope the sydney cafe victims are okay !
it's official . sydney siege has ended . update from vice news
so heartbreaking to hear about sydney . people are just outstandingly horrible in this world . whats it really going to solve ?#prayforsydney
betta thoughts prayers to the victims , family , friends and loved ones involved in the philadelphia , pa . and sydney , australia incidents .
australian police name suspect in sydney siege - ctv news
| police has identified hostage taker as radical muslim cleric
sydney siege live : six more hostages escape from lindt cafe : 8.39 pm : another six hostages escape from lindt c
what a terrible tragedy ! prayers to the families of those who lost their lives ..
it's official . sydney siege has ended . update from vice news
i'm just glad everything turned out (mostly) alright . hoping big time that those 2 people haven't died .
betta thoughts prayers to the victims , family , friends and loved ones involved in the philadelphia , pa . and sydney , australia incidents .
if this had been in london ..we would have sent in mssges to see if he needed anything to help him thro the night ..horlicks
| police has identified hostage taker as radical muslim cleric
dead , seven injured , three of whom are in critical condition in
what a terrible tragedy ! prayers to the families of those who lost their lives ..
if you need a monday pick-me-up , check out
i'm just glad everything turned out (mostly) alright . hoping big time that those 2 people haven't died .
shots as sydney cafe siege ends via
if this had been in london ..we would have sent in mssges to see if he needed anything to help him thro the night ..horlicks
from the new police storm sydney cafe
dead , seven injured , three of whom are in critical condition in
pompous anchor twists topic to beat up modi govt and bjp . busy day today for all
if you need a monday pick-me-up , check out
sky news reporting gunman is one of 2 people killed during gunfire roughly an hour ago . this is still unconfirmed .
shots as sydney cafe siege ends via
hats off 2 oz officials 4 hw they dealt with professional ,fair,measured, not spreading panic ,unlike usuk officials
from the new police storm sydney cafe
they ransacked mumbai when there was unrest in burma .. lets see how many pseudo seculars condemn this cowardly attack at sydney .
pompous anchor twists topic to beat up modi govt and bjp . busy day today for all
thanks to for letting us know that tons of media are covering the . never would have figured that out .
hats off 2 oz officials 4 hw they dealt with professional ,fair,measured, not spreading panic ,unlike usuk officials
thank god the sydney seige thing is over omg
they ransacked mumbai when there was unrest in burma .. lets see how many pseudo seculars condemn this cowardly attack at sydney .
so relieved its finally over . nothing more terrifying than feeling unsafe in your own country . praying that the hostages are ok
thanks to for letting us know that tons of media are covering the . never would have figured that out .
must be so terrifying for everyone in sydney
is over . but sad news 2 dead . bless the souls
just now they have said the gunman was one of the two deceased
thank god the sydney seige thing is over omg
wow after 17 hrs the siege is over . it didn't end well though . can't we all just live in peace already ?
so relieved its finally over . nothing more terrifying than feeling unsafe in your own country . praying that the hostages are ok
paramedics can be seen resuscitating at least one person after raid on the sydney cafe (via
must be so terrifying for everyone in sydney
reports saying 2 ppl may have been hurt badlyanybody have any other news on that ?
just now they have said the gunman was one of the two deceased
via charlesjmeyer applies 4 x surge pricing during crisis , then offers refunds after outrage
wow after 17 hrs the siege is over . it didn't end well though . can't we all just live in peace already ?
the footage of the sydney siege is mad . like watching a film
paramedics can be seen resuscitating at least one person after raid on the sydney cafe (via
id just like to know where the fuck is the gunman
reports saying 2 ppl may have been hurt badlyanybody have any other news on that ?
our thoughts are with the hostages , their families and the citizens of sydney .
via charlesjmeyer applies 4 x surge pricing during crisis , then offers refunds after outrage
bug every last damn mosque on earth enough of these slimeball satan cretins
the footage of the sydney siege is mad . like watching a film
gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed : police armed with automatic weapons throw flash grenades into a caf
id just like to know where the fuck is the gunman
really heartbreaking , two people lost their lives and several injured :(
our thoughts are with the hostages , their families and the citizens of sydney .
after frustration a month long back , switched to , same ranting . finally make responsible glee sigh
bug every last damn mosque on earth enough of these slimeball satan cretins
cpr being performed on at least 2 after sydney siege , which has now ended , australia's abc reports via
gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed : police armed with automatic weapons throw flash grenades into a caf
is over ! may d soul of 2 that lost their live rest in the bosom of the lord i pray god grants family fortitude to bear the loss
really heartbreaking , two people lost their lives and several injured :(
thank god the incident in sydney is over
after frustration a month long back , switched to , same ranting . finally make responsible glee sigh
at least 4 injured people brought out of cafe on stretchers ; bomb disposal personnel stationed outside of cafe
cpr being performed on at least 2 after sydney siege , which has now ended , australia's abc reports via
sydney siege : hostage taker identified as iranian refugee man haron monis - the times of india via
is over ! may d soul of 2 that lost their live rest in the bosom of the lord i pray god grants family fortitude to bear the loss
i m a muslim who strongly condemns terrorist act in sydney and suggests worst possible punishment for a man defaming islam
at least 4 injured people brought out of cafe on stretchers ; bomb disposal personnel stationed outside of cafe
so sad : 2 dead after , and a family annihilation outside of . no matter your religion , please pray for peace .
sydney siege : hostage taker identified as iranian refugee man haron monis - the times of india via
yeah :( and 3 seriously injured . don't know if the gunman is one of the death yet
i m a muslim who strongly condemns terrorist act in sydney and suggests worst possible punishment for a man defaming islam
massive massive respect to the australian police ..
i actually find it repulsive when people thank 'god' after events such as these . i prefer to thank non-fictional helpers .
gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed : police armed with automatic weapons throw flash grenades i
so sad : 2 dead after , and a family annihilation outside of . no matter your religion , please pray for peace .
[breaking] gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed : police armed with automatic weapons throw flash gre
yeah :( and 3 seriously injured . don't know if the gunman is one of the death yet
seems to be finally ovr after 16 hrs of tensions . sad to hear d reports tht 2 hostages are dead and svrl injured .. god speed ..
massive massive respect to the australian police ..
how is it possible that american news are reporting /confirming things local news haven't ? crap reporting and shit standards .
gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed : police armed with automatic weapons throw flash grenades i
i get the covering of both but a us gun control discussion is weakened by the situation not bolstered by it
seems to be finally ovr after 16 hrs of tensions . sad to hear d reports tht 2 hostages are dead and svrl injured .. god speed ..
i'm seeing that , we need to wait for the police presser to get the facts . so sad for any lost or injured hostages
how is it possible that american news are reporting /confirming things local news haven't ? crap reporting and shit standards .
sydney hostage crisis ni scary pe
i get the covering of both but a us gun control discussion is weakened by the situation not bolstered by it
my thoughts are with the people and families affected by sydney . hoping for minimal loss of life .
the is over after police storm cafe
what would you have done instead ??
i'm seeing that , we need to wait for the police presser to get the facts . so sad for any lost or injured hostages
someone let dude know there's no siqeh in sunni islam and he'll abandon ship .
sydney hostage crisis ni scary pe
facts point other way , terror has only one religion only one colour
my thoughts are with the people and families affected by sydney . hoping for minimal loss of life .
anyone else amazed at just how many people are in the gunman ? i mean , they know this is a pierre morel movie , right ?
what would you have done instead ??
isis doesnt represnt true islam . let us nt blame muslim brothrs 4 hostage crisis . just few billion misguidd youth
someone let dude know there's no siqeh in sunni islam and he'll abandon ship .
why on earth is tweeting that abc has announced two dead in sydney when they have done nothing of the sort ??
facts point other way , terror has only one religion only one colour
imbeciles first beg aussies for protection (asylum) once got his ass settled then declares war against his protectors .
anyone else amazed at just how many people are in the gunman ? i mean , they know this is a pierre morel movie , right ?
bbc breaking news : police in sydney have confirmed that a 16 -hour siege at a cafe in the city is now over :
isis doesnt represnt true islam . let us nt blame muslim brothrs 4 hostage crisis . just few billion misguidd youth
can we get a moratorium on any police-related shootings /violence for 2015 ?
why on earth is tweeting that abc has announced two dead in sydney when they have done nothing of the sort ??
police says 2 people dies on a says the gunman is dead ! reports
imbeciles first beg aussies for protection (asylum) once got his ass settled then declares war against his protectors .
sydney leroux and dom dwyer become american soccer's power couple
can we get a moratorium on any police-related shootings /violence for 2015 ?
the really puts things into perspective . praying for the 2 families who lost their loved ones during this tragic event .
police says 2 people dies on a says the gunman is dead ! reports
nbc chicago : sydney siege has ended , police say . the latest ---
sydney leroux and dom dwyer become american soccer's power couple
watch live : police storm sydney cafe to free hostages , sydney siege ends
i think this is what the nsw police used today during the
gunman identified as iranian refugee charged with sexual assault - hindustan times
the really puts things into perspective . praying for the 2 families who lost their loved ones during this tragic event .
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead
nbc chicago : sydney siege has ended , police say . the latest ---
this legit has changed sydney like i'm gonna be older and never look at martin place the same without thinking of this moment
watch live : police storm sydney cafe to free hostages , sydney siege ends
i thought i was the only one at risk of being stretchered out of a lindt shop . madness .
gunman identified as iranian refugee charged with sexual assault - hindustan times
play your shit in the world thinking they are someone ,but in fact nothing more than puppets .
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead
keep strong .. and muslim is not born terrorist
this legit has changed sydney like i'm gonna be older and never look at martin place the same without thinking of this moment
and once again a muslim 'expert' comes on to tell us how evil are and how foreign to they are . wrong .
i thought i was the only one at risk of being stretchered out of a lindt shop . madness .
they say terrorism has no religion .then howcome 99 % of terrorists belong to islam !
play your shit in the world thinking they are someone ,but in fact nothing more than puppets .
sad to see how the sydney siege ended .
keep strong .. and muslim is not born terrorist
police say sydney hostage crisis is over
and once again a muslim 'expert' comes on to tell us how evil are and how foreign to they are . wrong .
acc 2 criteria terrorist guilty of 47 sexual assaults is most eligible to join revolutionary pti .
they say terrorism has no religion .then howcome 99 % of terrorists belong to islam !
other security orgs don't get enough credit . glad to hear the is over . hope everyone's ok .
sad to see how the sydney siege ended .
the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition : via
police say sydney hostage crisis is over
i think that's the infosys guy on our homepage in the sydney photo , looking alive and safe .
acc 2 criteria terrorist guilty of 47 sexual assaults is most eligible to join revolutionary pti .
prayers to the families and friends of the 2 people killed and 3 who were injured
other security orgs don't get enough credit . glad to hear the is over . hope everyone's ok .
what responsible coverage of the by the media . loads to learn from
the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition : via
can you fuck off and actually care about what's happening in sydney at the moment
i think that's the infosys guy on our homepage in the sydney photo , looking alive and safe .
2 dead ; sydney cafe 'siege is over '
prayers to the families and friends of the 2 people killed and 3 who were injured
get him far away repeat offender , the of - one of many mullahs just took hostges
what responsible coverage of the by the media . loads to learn from
demonstrates australians ' open-mindedness intellectualism that spreads love not hate
can you fuck off and actually care about what's happening in sydney at the moment
this shooting in pasad . gunman no longer just walk into one placethey now move around like armies . but you know , 2 nd amendment !
2 dead ; sydney cafe 'siege is over '
hate seeing that people have been injured in sydney , hope they're all okay .
get him far away repeat offender , the of - one of many mullahs just took hostges
gunman presumed killed by tactical police 2 hostages killed 5 injured 1 in critical condition in st vincents hospital
demonstrates australians ' open-mindedness intellectualism that spreads love not hate
cnn : two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends .
this shooting in pasad . gunman no longer just walk into one placethey now move around like armies . but you know , 2 nd amendment !
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed viasiege is over !#pjnet
hate seeing that people have been injured in sydney , hope they're all okay .
police in confirm siege is over . prayers go out to those who lost their life and to the hostages who made it out safe or injured .
gunman presumed killed by tactical police 2 hostages killed 5 injured 1 in critical condition in st vincents hospital
your monday can never be as bad as those hostages who put up with a madman for over 16 hours at a chocolate cafe
cnn : two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends .
after 16 hours is over . for the whole day i was following for newest news from there . my heart goes out to all those affected .
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed viasiege is over !#pjnet
australia police confirm sydney siege is over - afp
police in confirm siege is over . prayers go out to those who lost their life and to the hostages who made it out safe or injured .
gunman is a self-styled iranian sheik on bail for ex-wife's murder and compared dead war heroes to nazis in letters to their families
your monday can never be as bad as those hostages who put up with a madman for over 16 hours at a chocolate cafe
so . no deaths . no injuries . police and negotiators handled the admirably . but dick cheney will use it to justify torture .
after 16 hours is over . for the whole day i was following for newest news from there . my heart goes out to all those affected .
world news : police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by
australia police confirm sydney siege is over - afp
at police checking for secondary explosive devices . no all clear yet . 2 people seriously injured .
gunman is a self-styled iranian sheik on bail for ex-wife's murder and compared dead war heroes to nazis in letters to their families
remind me never to seek help from the sydney police
so . no deaths . no injuries . police and negotiators handled the admirably . but dick cheney will use it to justify torture .
sydney : shots fired live on tv , swat team storm building - hostage : via
world news : police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by
important to point out reports of deaths are not confirmed . cnn citing australian broadcaster abc saying two people are dead .
at police checking for secondary explosive devices . no all clear yet . 2 people seriously injured .
saw massive gun firing and grenades being thrown in the lindt coffee shop - 2 died as reports come in .
remind me never to seek help from the sydney police
i sincerely hope nothing spins off this terrible hostage situation in sydney !!
sydney : shots fired live on tv , swat team storm building - hostage : via
that's so sad do you know if the gunman died
important to point out reports of deaths are not confirmed . cnn citing australian broadcaster abc saying two people are dead .
sydney siege over : gunman killed , two hostages dead , 3 injured
saw massive gun firing and grenades being thrown in the lindt coffee shop - 2 died as reports come in .
after watching the live ending to i don't know how anyone can compare computer games with real life . so confronting /upsetting
i sincerely hope nothing spins off this terrible hostage situation in sydney !!
the is over , this has brought our country to a complete standstill but always , thank fuck it's over
that's so sad do you know if the gunman died
watch live : police storm sydney cafe to free hostages , sydney siege endsread story :thank god it ends .
sydney siege over : gunman killed , two hostages dead , 3 injured
wait so what's actually happening in sydney ? the dailymail can't seem to compose a fucking article that makes sense ?
after watching the live ending to i don't know how anyone can compare computer games with real life . so confronting /upsetting
qa : how the is being reported by the public and news professionals
the is over , this has brought our country to a complete standstill but always , thank fuck it's over
siege ends aftr heavily-armd cops storm australian cafe
watch live : police storm sydney cafe to free hostages , sydney siege endsread story :thank god it ends .
police confirm 2 dead in siege , unknown if that includes hostage taker
wait so what's actually happening in sydney ? the dailymail can't seem to compose a fucking article that makes sense ?
feeling for the hostages , can only imagine how mentally scaring that experience must have been . very real , very dark scenario .
qa : how the is being reported by the public and news professionals
isapparently over but two people aredead . deepestcondolecence for thefamily and friends of them .
siege ends aftr heavily-armd cops storm australian cafe
heavan just demand of from give this bastard -
police confirm 2 dead in siege , unknown if that includes hostage taker
frightening and distrubring - video shows 5 hostages fleeing , then gunfire , then wounded hostages
feeling for the hostages , can only imagine how mentally scaring that experience must have been . very real , very dark scenario .
i really love this ! a gunman holds people hostage in a cafe in sydney , twitter users offer to
isapparently over but two people aredead . deepestcondolecence for thefamily and friends of them .
sydney siege : police praise 'sydneysiders'
heavan just demand of from give this bastard -
relieved to know that the has finally ended although not without loss of lives and peace . religious fanaticism is plain idiocy .
frightening and distrubring - video shows 5 hostages fleeing , then gunfire , then wounded hostages
is finally over .paramadics have assisted hostages from
i really love this ! a gunman holds people hostage in a cafe in sydney , twitter users offer to
great work by they have gotta be one of the best police forces and great reporting by and its journalists
sydney siege : police praise 'sydneysiders'
great training exercise new south wales police great job 2 people dead and mass panic across sydney
relieved to know that the has finally ended although not without loss of lives and peace . religious fanaticism is plain idiocy .
, bbc world news , breaking news : police in sydney have confirmed that a 16 -hour siege at a
is finally over .paramadics have assisted hostages from
photos | sydney siege and hostage-taking ends with shots fired , paramedics rush in 1.2873099
great work by they have gotta be one of the best police forces and great reporting by and its journalists
watching what's happening in sydney right now oh my god
great training exercise new south wales police great job 2 people dead and mass panic across sydney
showed courage in sympathies to all especially the officer injured
, bbc world news , breaking news : police in sydney have confirmed that a 16 -hour siege at a
so what happened to the 2 accomplices that original guy who bumped into gunman saw then later mentioned in hostage videos ?
photos | sydney siege and hostage-taking ends with shots fired , paramedics rush in 1.2873099
at least two hostages have been seen with injuries . police have not yet confirmed number or severity of injuries or casualties .
watching what's happening in sydney right now oh my god
a 17 hour ordeal . few injuries reported
showed courage in sympathies to all especially the officer injured
these scenes are incredible . brave brave people .
so what happened to the 2 accomplices that original guy who bumped into gunman saw then later mentioned in hostage videos ?
it's so upsetting to hear about
at least two hostages have been seen with injuries . police have not yet confirmed number or severity of injuries or casualties .
not only did the people of sydney come together in solidarity today , but the people of the world did .
a 17 hour ordeal . few injuries reported
huge respect to the armed officers and police involved with the sydney hostage situation .
these scenes are incredible . brave brave people .
game over but police and army need to find bombs asap ..
it's so upsetting to hear about
i'm so glad that all those people in the cafe are safe . i was worried even if i'm not australian , i'm happy for them
not only did the people of sydney come together in solidarity today , but the people of the world did .
omg ! reporter asks if police in sydney did the right thing !
huge respect to the armed officers and police involved with the sydney hostage situation .
poor people . glad it is over but wish it could've ended without dead bodies
game over but police and army need to find bombs asap ..
hopefully there's been no fatalities in sydney , glad the hostages are back to safety .
i'm so glad that all those people in the cafe are safe . i was worried even if i'm not australian , i'm happy for them
as someone who live in london through 'the troubles ', i wonder why you feel you are qualified to comment on the sydney siege
omg ! reporter asks if police in sydney did the right thing !
would make ya think what the hell people would be capable of just for beleiving a religion !
poor people . glad it is over but wish it could've ended without dead bodies
praying for sydney right now what people do is disgusting
as someone who live in london through 'the troubles ', i wonder why you feel you are qualified to comment on the sydney siege
haven't been on much today so can someone explain what's happening in sydney ?
would make ya think what the hell people would be capable of just for beleiving a religion !
the embarrassment was that police wasted one full day over a due to hostages . world thought terror struck . so , .
praying for sydney right now what people do is disgusting
swat commandos storm cafe to bring the 17 -hour sydney siege to an end :
the sydney hostage crisis , in photos - an armed man entered a lindt chocolate cafe in sydney , australia , on monday
i hope the gunman didnt die , he deserves to be punished for what he has done
haven't been on much today so can someone explain what's happening in sydney ?
two reported dead in . sad and pointless act of a cowardly megalomaniac .
the embarrassment was that police wasted one full day over a due to hostages . world thought terror struck . so , .
sydney cafe hostage ends : police -
swat commandos storm cafe to bring the 17 -hour sydney siege to an end :
the more we let islamic extremists get away with the more things like sydney , lee rigby will happen . turning a blind eye constantly
i hope the gunman didnt die , he deserves to be punished for what he has done
my heart goes out to the people who had to deal with the
two reported dead in . sad and pointless act of a cowardly megalomaniac .
sydney , australia , hostage situation ends as police storm cafe .
sydney cafe hostage ends : police -
: ffs . name of islam shouldn't be associated with these stuffs . name of any religion to any terrorist activity in fact
the more we let islamic extremists get away with the more things like sydney , lee rigby will happen . turning a blind eye constantly
claims gunman from sydney was on bail after conviction on 47 sexual offences . will humanity ever get it ? women dont count ?
sydney , australia , hostage situation ends as police storm cafe .
: the gunman is 1 of 2 people killed following gunfire at the martin place , sydney , cafe . 3 people are critically injured .
: ffs . name of islam shouldn't be associated with these stuffs . name of any religion to any terrorist activity in fact
the sound of the gunfire and the alarms are making me shake and i'm not even there
claims gunman from sydney was on bail after conviction on 47 sexual offences . will humanity ever get it ? women dont count ?
wait what happened in sydney ? i'm sorry i'm not updated
my heart is shattered because of the things happening in sydney . i just wish and hope that everybody will come home safely .
the sydney hostage crisis is over after police storm cafe with stun grenades .
: the gunman is 1 of 2 people killed following gunfire at the martin place , sydney , cafe . 3 people are critically injured .
three hostages run out of sydney siege cafe tv footage
the sound of the gunfire and the alarms are making me shake and i'm not even there
wendy bacon is thrilled - no cars on the streets of sydney cbd - is there a more self-obsessed person on the planet ?
wait what happened in sydney ? i'm sorry i'm not updated
trailer unveiled for emthe gunman /em via love manchette's work - this looks incredible .
the sydney hostage crisis is over after police storm cafe with stun grenades .
who is sydney gunman man haron monis ? asks for
three hostages run out of sydney siege cafe tv footage
want to know if the gunman is dead or if it's 2 hostages .
wendy bacon is thrilled - no cars on the streets of sydney cbd - is there a more self-obsessed person on the planet ?
i feel bad for people in sydney bc its three am atm and who knows if they had anything to eat /drink in there my god
trailer unveiled for emthe gunman /em via love manchette's work - this looks incredible .
let's hope the person receiving cpr wasn't a hostage
who is sydney gunman man haron monis ? asks for
free at last after seven hours of terror (news)
want to know if the gunman is dead or if it's 2 hostages .
my heart goes out to the hostages and their families . don't spread rumors , use your head and embrace facts .
i feel bad for people in sydney bc its three am atm and who knows if they had anything to eat /drink in there my god
medics took away several injured people after security forces stormed sydney cafe under siege :
let's hope the person receiving cpr wasn't a hostage
: australians stand up to racism with one beautiful hashtag
free at last after seven hours of terror (news)
sounds like the gunman is dead or seriously injured , australians dont fuck around , how we should be
my heart goes out to the hostages and their families . don't spread rumors , use your head and embrace facts .
so it turns out that the ah who held those hostages in sydney is a rapist wife killing dh who needs .i am so mad i don't know what to say
: australians stand up to racism with one beautiful hashtag
is this sydney cafe thing to do with isis
sounds like the gunman is dead or seriously injured , australians dont fuck around , how we should be
its very unfortunate about hostages death . rip .
reports two people have died after gunfire erupted at the lindt cafe in sydney , ending 16 -hr siege
seeing the police storm in like they do on crime shows terrifies me !
is this sydney cafe thing to do with isis
so grateful for the police for doing what they're doing
its very unfortunate about hostages death . rip .
well done to the police s .w.a.t unit during the sydney seige ! hope that the hostages get well soon .
seeing the police storm in like they do on crime shows terrifies me !
if the media didn't make a massive deal over things like this , maybe these insane people would be less inclined to do them
so grateful for the police for doing what they're doing
did they just confirm the gunman was dead ?!
well done to the police s .w.a.t unit during the sydney seige ! hope that the hostages get well soon .
wow ! mad respect to the guys in sydney . such a great display of humanity
if the media didn't make a massive deal over things like this , maybe these insane people would be less inclined to do them
my heart goes out to the people involved in the sydney siegesuch a terrible thing to have happened to good people xx
did they just confirm the gunman was dead ?!
stunning video showing explosions and gunfire : the moment police stormed the sydney cafe where hostages were being
wow ! mad respect to the guys in sydney . such a great display of humanity
| employee who was held hostage safely evacuated
my heart goes out to the people involved in the sydney siegesuch a terrible thing to have happened to good people xx
man monis ' latest high court challenge of his conviction for sending letters to the families of dead soldiers , failed on fri .
stunning video showing explosions and gunfire : the moment police stormed the sydney cafe where hostages were being
gunman confirmed as iranian cleric . has a violent history and was before the court as recent as last week . martin place siege .
| employee who was held hostage safely evacuated
sydney cafe siege : police storm site - wall street journal - wall street journal sydney cafe siege : police storm s
uber backpedals after price hike during sydney hostage crisis
sydney radio 2 ue reporter reporting that nsw police say 1 hostage dead , gunman shot
man monis ' latest high court challenge of his conviction for sending letters to the families of dead soldiers , failed on fri .
so radical sheik haron monis behind the my prayers go to the hostages
gunman confirmed as iranian cleric . has a violent history and was before the court as recent as last week . martin place siege .
eod van now at the front of lyndt cafe , unknown if perpetrator had placed devices or is wearing an ied .
sydney cafe siege : police storm site - wall street journal - wall street journal sydney cafe siege : police storm s
praying that no one is seriously injured , including the gunmanhe should live to be punished !
sydney radio 2 ue reporter reporting that nsw police say 1 hostage dead , gunman shot
my prayers go to everyone being involved with the
so radical sheik haron monis behind the my prayers go to the hostages
my god its heart breaking how the hostages being carries crying
eod van now at the front of lyndt cafe , unknown if perpetrator had placed devices or is wearing an ied .
hopefully that dude is lying dead in a pool of his own blood everyone else is safe with their familes /paramedics
praying that no one is seriously injured , including the gunmanhe should live to be punished !
still awaiting confirmed reports on the , don't quite know what to say at this point .
my prayers go to everyone being involved with the
did no one else notice the sydney police carry a body out away in the background as the medics entered in the foreground ?
my god its heart breaking how the hostages being carries crying
i liked a video from sydney attack
hopefully that dude is lying dead in a pool of his own blood everyone else is safe with their familes /paramedics
sad way to start the week . . pa shootings , children held hostage .
still awaiting confirmed reports on the , don't quite know what to say at this point .
he's iranian , isis are fighting iranian /shia militia . did he convert to sunni islam ? is he a sunni minority ? or just confused ?
did no one else notice the sydney police carry a body out away in the background as the medics entered in the foreground ?
suspect identified as man haron monis , an iranian also known for sending hate mail to the families of fallen soldiers .
sad way to start the week . . pa shootings , children held hostage .
breaking : police confirm the siege in sydney has ended after 16 hrs standoff , heavily armed police stormed the cafe
he's iranian , isis are fighting iranian /shia militia . did he convert to sunni islam ? is he a sunni minority ? or just confused ?
[unconfirmed] reports indicates that at least two hostages dead .
suspect identified as man haron monis , an iranian also known for sending hate mail to the families of fallen soldiers .
flash grenades may explain the rapid gunfire sounds
2 reported dead after police storm sydney cafe where islamist took hostages via rip to those 2 persons .
yet obama will argue and say that islam is a peaceful religion .. doesn't seem too peaceful
breaking : police confirm the siege in sydney has ended after 16 hrs standoff , heavily armed police stormed the cafe
it will be terrible news if one hostage has died
[unconfirmed] reports indicates that at least two hostages dead .
special thank you to all the police who were involved in this horrible situation . they did an amazing job !
flash grenades may explain the rapid gunfire sounds
breaking : police say sydney cafe hostage situation over
yet obama will argue and say that islam is a peaceful religion .. doesn't seem too peaceful
tactical officers storming in at the cafe live and seeing all those hostages injured but free at last very chilling
it will be terrible news if one hostage has died
sydney siege ends after 16 hours , number of wounded still unconfirmedpolice storm sydney cafe 15 dec 2014
special thank you to all the police who were involved in this horrible situation . they did an amazing job !
the world is a crazy place . praying for those in sydney australia
breaking : police say sydney cafe hostage situation over
glad the situation has ended . so sad to hear that people were killed . my thoughts are with all of you right now .
tactical officers storming in at the cafe live and seeing all those hostages injured but free at last very chilling
thoughts and prayers are with all involved in and families .
sydney siege ends after 16 hours , number of wounded still unconfirmedpolice storm sydney cafe 15 dec 2014
ends , in which seems a good outcome , and the day (here) isn't over yet .
the world is a crazy place . praying for those in sydney australia
sydney siege overlets pray for the well being of everyone out there .
glad the situation has ended . so sad to hear that people were killed . my thoughts are with all of you right now .
sydney siege confirmed over ; several hostages wounded
ends , in which seems a good outcome , and the day (here) isn't over yet .
hearing that may have been the gunman
sydney siege overlets pray for the well being of everyone out there .
r at least 4 pple believed 2 have been injured after multiple shots fired
sydney siege confirmed over ; several hostages wounded
hindu : police storm sydney cafe ; shots fired - a flurry of loud bangs erupted early on tuesday as a swarm of heavi
hearing that may have been the gunman
listen : former fbi chief hostage negotiator talks to about sydney hostage incident
r at least 4 pple believed 2 have been injured after multiple shots fired
i heard the nsw cops called the mpd on what to do .
hindu : police storm sydney cafe ; shots fired - a flurry of loud bangs erupted early on tuesday as a swarm of heavi
must take heed of . we have seen many individuals linked with terrorist extremist groups nabbed in malaysia .
listen : former fbi chief hostage negotiator talks to about sydney hostage incident
so , the dumbarse sydney gunman is a fundamentalist muslim sex criminal . surprise . the louder they shout .
i heard the nsw cops called the mpd on what to do .
more hostages escape cafe - more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held hostage by a gunm
must take heed of . we have seen many individuals linked with terrorist extremist groups nabbed in malaysia .
sydney siege is over at last . hope everyone is ok .
that's it for the hostage situation in sydney , then . oy .
go here for accurate info on the situation and yeah it's updating all the time
so , the dumbarse sydney gunman is a fundamentalist muslim sex criminal . surprise . the louder they shout .
! (unless ur going to the honor-killing , stoning , beheading , homicide bombing , , holocaust-denier mtg or )
more hostages escape cafe - more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held hostage by a gunm
if anyone's in the sydney area , can you get me a double skinny flat white frappucino .
go here for accurate info on the situation and yeah it's updating all the time
so so so glad to hear the is over , hope everyone is ok !
! (unless ur going to the honor-killing , stoning , beheading , homicide bombing , , holocaust-denier mtg or )
huh . the flag being used in the sydney attacks is similar to this ?
if anyone's in the sydney area , can you get me a double skinny flat white frappucino .
australians show the world that the answer to hate is not more hate , but love . what a return to humanity .
so so so glad to hear the is over , hope everyone is ok !
please stay safe if youre in sydney
huh . the flag being used in the sydney attacks is similar to this ?
developing : : 2 dead , 3 seriously injured , including a police officer src
australians show the world that the answer to hate is not more hate , but love . what a return to humanity .
something must have happened inside , as sudden storm of building has resulted in fatalities and serious injuries .
indian techie escaped unharmed from the siege in sydney !! thank god
sadly its call of duty in sydney
please stay safe if youre in sydney
for the record : rarely took part in any so called terrorist acts because they're shiites .
developing : : 2 dead , 3 seriously injured , including a police officer src
relieved to hear the situation in sydney is over . remember this was one man . not a group . support to our muslim community .
something must have happened inside , as sudden storm of building has resulted in fatalities and serious injuries .
watch : five sydney hostages escape - video shows some of the hostages being held in sydney during an on-goin
sadly its call of duty in sydney
when all interact ,it makes recruiting terrorists that much easier .who is your kid talking to ?
for the record : rarely took part in any so called terrorist acts because they're shiites .
sad day . mt hostages ran from lindt cafe as heavily armed police went in /via
relieved to hear the situation in sydney is over . remember this was one man . not a group . support to our muslim community .
.. abc news correspondent talkin everythin under the stars and moon but not abt isis not even callin his name ..
watch : five sydney hostages escape - video shows some of the hostages being held in sydney during an on-goin
the footage on sky news of the sydney siege is mental
when all interact ,it makes recruiting terrorists that much easier .who is your kid talking to ?
siege at cafe is over , australian police say
sad day . mt hostages ran from lindt cafe as heavily armed police went in /via
glad that this fiasco over feel for the innocent victims
.. abc news correspondent talkin everythin under the stars and moon but not abt isis not even callin his name ..
police storm building in sydney hostage standoff
the footage on sky news of the sydney siege is mental
telugu guy safe by powerful australian cops .kudos to to aus voters for electing capable politicians
siege at cafe is over , australian police say
god the fear on those people running from the cafe in sydney is very upsetting .
glad that this fiasco over feel for the innocent victims
wrex : police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
police storm building in sydney hostage standoff
bush neocons , the gop /#teaparty, the , isis make a strong argument we should take mental health seriously .
telugu guy safe by powerful australian cops .kudos to to aus voters for electing capable politicians
latest pictures from rear of cafe shows armed officers going in door with weapons raised as flash-bang grenades go off
god the fear on those people running from the cafe in sydney is very upsetting .
sydney hostages : police raid downtown cafe : sydney -- the siege of a downtown sydney cafe where a a suspected i
bush neocons , the gop /#teaparty, the , isis make a strong argument we should take mental health seriously .
storm where jihadist murder suspect held families waiting to be reunited
latest pictures from rear of cafe shows armed officers going in door with weapons raised as flash-bang grenades go off
siege is over after more than 16 hours
sydney hostages : police raid downtown cafe : sydney -- the siege of a downtown sydney cafe where a a suspected i
my heart goes to everyone in sydney , hope this ends well , this is a heartbreaking situation .
crazy scenes in sydney , now its over hopefully everyone is ok .
watching the unfold on tv live was intense .but all i pictured was
storm where jihadist murder suspect held families waiting to be reunited
4 hostages appeared in videos w . monis ' demands . these were censored by youtube -
siege is over after more than 16 hours
for god's sake don't terrorists . then his friends will like us .
my heart goes to everyone in sydney , hope this ends well , this is a heartbreaking situation .
horrible footage of the sydney siege , puts everything into perspective .
watching the unfold on tv live was intense .but all i pictured was
they're saying maybe gunman +1 is dead . named as 'sheik haron ' google suggests he is a complete madman
4 hostages appeared in videos w . monis ' demands . these were censored by youtube -
terrorists on twitter mostly hold off praising , still concerned is shi'a . some blame jewish /cia antimuslim plot .
for god's sake don't terrorists . then his friends will like us .
gunman identified as iranian refugee charged with sexual assault -
horrible footage of the sydney siege , puts everything into perspective .
just as australians supported canada after our brush with terror , know that canadians are with you now
they're saying maybe gunman +1 is dead . named as 'sheik haron ' google suggests he is a complete madman
17 hour standoff over ending with flash bang grenades , gunfire the gunman dead !
terrorists on twitter mostly hold off praising , still concerned is shi'a . some blame jewish /cia antimuslim plot .
thoughts to sydney right now . horrendous thing to happen just before christmas .
gunman identified as iranian refugee charged with sexual assault -
sydney cafe hostage situation ends after 16 hours
just as australians supported canada after our brush with terror , know that canadians are with you now
islamization watch from 5 years ago on the hostage taker : man haron monis .
17 hour standoff over ending with flash bang grenades , gunfire the gunman dead !
watching the footage from tthe sydney seige ..worlds going to pot ..just keeps getting worse !
thoughts to sydney right now . horrendous thing to happen just before christmas .
sydney siege has finished , i hope man haron monis is dead for what he has done .
islamization watch from 5 years ago on the hostage taker : man haron monis .
thank god the sydney siege is over ! i hope all the hostages are fine and they are able to overcome the trauma
watching the footage from tthe sydney seige ..worlds going to pot ..just keeps getting worse !
pretty sure this will not be p1 news tomorrow as sydney hostage situation was today . just another day in usa . . .
sydney siege has finished , i hope man haron monis is dead for what he has done .
citing american law enforcement say no known connection between suspect and any plots in the u .s.
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe via
the guts to try - thank god for these brave swat officers in
thank god the sydney siege is over ! i hope all the hostages are fine and they are able to overcome the trauma
saint vincent's hospital is the hospital hostages are going to . bug couple of weeks for the hospital
pretty sure this will not be p1 news tomorrow as sydney hostage situation was today . just another day in usa . . .
if it wasn't for what was going on here in sydney , i'd be dancing a jig . happy with the signing . celebrate later . :(
citing american law enforcement say no known connection between suspect and any plots in the u .s.
is over . thank goodness . hope that fucker gets his pay back .
the guts to try - thank god for these brave swat officers in
is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene - live updates pic : getty
saint vincent's hospital is the hospital hostages are going to . bug couple of weeks for the hospital
time to put aside our fear and chose hope and love this christmas . thank you brave sydney folk for leading the way .
if it wasn't for what was going on here in sydney , i'd be dancing a jig . happy with the signing . celebrate later . :(
sky news reporting police source has confirmed gun man has died along with one other person .
is over . thank goodness . hope that fucker gets his pay back .
bugger off binman a dead gunman is a good outcome , he was a nutter
is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene - live updates pic : getty
just checked the latest update on the sydney siege situation .
time to put aside our fear and chose hope and love this christmas . thank you brave sydney folk for leading the way .
illridewithyou : aussies offer support to muslims - amid sydney cafe siege , australians use illridewithyou hashtag
sky news reporting police source has confirmed gun man has died along with one other person .
nope nope nope don't tweet pictures of cpr being performed
bugger off binman a dead gunman is a good outcome , he was a nutter
[and it's over !] police storms sydney cafe : via
just checked the latest update on the sydney siege situation .
praying for the hostages of , may they all return to their families safely !
illridewithyou : aussies offer support to muslims - amid sydney cafe siege , australians use illridewithyou hashtag
show me that verse of gita which says , women , vaishya shudra are born of sinful vagina , what does that indicate
nope nope nope don't tweet pictures of cpr being performed
my empathy and best wishes for the families of the dead and for the injured in sydney , au .
[and it's over !] police storms sydney cafe : via
relieved that it has ended .happy that australia has shown humanity and support for us muslims . :)#iwillridewithyou
praying for the hostages of , may they all return to their families safely !
i am morreni socohelp eles cant be em sydney na vespera do new year
show me that verse of gita which says , women , vaishya shudra are born of sinful vagina , what does that indicate
i only hope the news out of is wrong that the only fatality is the hostage taker , not hostages .
my empathy and best wishes for the families of the dead and for the injured in sydney , au .
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held - loud bangs erupted as police stormed the lindt chocolate cafe in do
relieved that it has ended .happy that australia has shown humanity and support for us muslims . :)#iwillridewithyou
appears to be over after swat teams assault cafe . unknown if any casualties . seen feeds of hostages escaping . mtf
i am morreni socohelp eles cant be em sydney na vespera do new year
this sydney thing is awful but i feel the city is dealing with it extremely well
i only hope the news out of is wrong that the only fatality is the hostage taker , not hostages .
arab_news : hostage drama : police storm sydney cafe lindt pic .twitter
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held - loud bangs erupted as police stormed the lindt chocolate cafe in do
video : emergency workers assisting hostages at end of
appears to be over after swat teams assault cafe . unknown if any casualties . seen feeds of hostages escaping . mtf
i can't imagine just trying to go buy some chocolate and ending up being used as a hostage and narrowly escaping . prayers to sydney .
this sydney thing is awful but i feel the city is dealing with it extremely well
these australian social media reactions to the are perfect : t
arab_news : hostage drama : police storm sydney cafe lindt pic .twitter
and doing a fabulous job . thank you so much .
video : emergency workers assisting hostages at end of
just in : gunfire blasts as sydney siege ends . | via
i can't imagine just trying to go buy some chocolate and ending up being used as a hostage and narrowly escaping . prayers to sydney .
inquiry is now needed at highest level as to how the shooter an iranian was given bail whilst on serious charges - disgraceful
these australian social media reactions to the are perfect : t
after 16 hours , the is over . 2 people dead , australia's abc says
and doing a fabulous job . thank you so much .
i hope that everyone in sydney most of all the ones that were in the cafe are okay lots of love x
inquiry is now needed at highest level as to how the shooter an iranian was given bail whilst on serious charges - disgraceful
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over ; they stormed in when 5 or 6 hostages ran out via
after 16 hours , the is over . 2 people dead , australia's abc says
fao rightwing fucknuts - if a lone gunman takes hostages , its cos he's mentally ill . any religious aspect comes a distant second or nowhere .
i hope that everyone in sydney most of all the ones that were in the cafe are okay lots of love x
suspect in sydney standoff known to police - iranian-born refugee identified as alleged gunman in hostage
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over ; they stormed in when 5 or 6 hostages ran out via
hostages run from lindt cafe as police storm . (pic: images )
fao rightwing fucknuts - if a lone gunman takes hostages , its cos he's mentally ill . any religious aspect comes a distant second or nowhere .
the sydney siege makes me so sad
suspect in sydney standoff known to police - iranian-born refugee identified as alleged gunman in hostage
this brings home the sad realities of , shaken but not broken , .
the world wants to watch action from sydney . your gas bag arnab is holding an inane discussion at the moment
police have confirmed that the siege of the lindt cafe in sydney is now over .
hostages run from lindt cafe as police storm . (pic: images )
good to know the is over but what are the learnings for nations world over ..| |
this brings home the sad realities of , shaken but not broken , .
police storm sydney cafe ending 16 -plus hour hostage crisis . three people taken out , 2 on stretchers .
police have confirmed that the siege of the lindt cafe in sydney is now over .
love that the ladies of started right in with conversation . pretty awesome !
good to know the is over but what are the learnings for nations world over ..| |
gunfire as sydney islamist terror event is brought to a swift conclusion by australian sas
you have to despair at those moron taking selfies at the scene of the hostage situation in sydney .
we should be careful as sydney attack . is it a wake up call for indians ? be aware ! watch on suspicious things persons .
love that the ladies of started right in with conversation . pretty awesome !
it's not muzzle flashes gunfire , it's stun grenades . no need for sensationist reporting .
gunfire as sydney islamist terror event is brought to a swift conclusion by australian sas
tt south africa 18 :041.#sydneysiege2.#ucldraw3.monaco4.rolene strauss 5 .proudly south african 6 .#lastdance7.south africa 8 .#effassembly
we should be careful as sydney attack . is it a wake up call for indians ? be aware ! watch on suspicious things persons .
tt singapore 00 :041.#sydneysiege2.monaco3.#ucldraw5.singapore6.valencia7.zoukout8.man u9 .de gea 10 .so cute
sydney siege : loud bangs heard as police storm martin place cafe to free hostages
we understand gunman is man haron monis that he is one of 2 killed .
it's not muzzle flashes gunfire , it's stun grenades . no need for sensationist reporting .
breaking news : sydney panaya naadaham mudivukku vanthathu .iruvar pali .meylum silar kavalaikkidam-cnn /aljzeera
tt south africa 18 :041.#sydneysiege2.#ucldraw3.monaco4.rolene strauss 5 .proudly south african 6 .#lastdance7.south africa 8 .#effassembly
can't believe what's happening in sydney thoughts are with loved ones of the victims x .
tt singapore 00 :041.#sydneysiege2.monaco3.#ucldraw5.singapore6.valencia7.zoukout8.man u9 .de gea 10 .so cute
this picture is so powerful march in new york , notice there's no news about the march looks like focus on sydney
we understand gunman is man haron monis that he is one of 2 killed .
will be live with a special at 5.30 am on and online at with the latest .
breaking news : sydney panaya naadaham mudivukku vanthathu .iruvar pali .meylum silar kavalaikkidam-cnn /aljzeera
uber in sydney first increased their rates during the siege , people outraged and they are busy offering refunds to everyone . so much shit .
can't believe what's happening in sydney thoughts are with loved ones of the victims x .
this underscores need for undercover penetration of mosques to identify and remove jihadists before they can strike
will be live with a special at 5.30 am on and online at with the latest .
i live close to sydney but 2 people are dead and a few seriously injured and they say one of the dead could be the gun man .
uber in sydney first increased their rates during the siege , people outraged and they are busy offering refunds to everyone . so much shit .
source : hostage-taker in australia identified - the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16
this underscores need for undercover penetration of mosques to identify and remove jihadists before they can strike
hope everyone is fine and no one is injured
shit has been going down in sydney lately
hostage-taker in australia previously murdered his wife set her on fire
i live close to sydney but 2 people are dead and a few seriously injured and they say one of the dead could be the gun man .
disgusting and upsetting scenes in sydney , find all these fucking dirty horrible fuckers .
source : hostage-taker in australia identified - the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16
i just wish there was no stupid people in this world , no situation like this should ever be forced upon anyone
hope everyone is fine and no one is injured
update : hostage situation in sydney has ended , police say . details at
hostage-taker in australia previously murdered his wife set her on fire
the oregonian - did sydney terrorist siege expose uber's evil side ?; a bike that can't be stolen : commuting roundu
disgusting and upsetting scenes in sydney , find all these fucking dirty horrible fuckers .
: nsw police confirm the siege in sydney's cbd is now over ; a police officer among several injured
i just wish there was no stupid people in this world , no situation like this should ever be forced upon anyone
okay , seriously , everyone , please stop tweeting and rting unconfirmed stuff . this should not have to be said again .
update : hostage situation in sydney has ended , police say . details at
good to hear insanity all over .. .. one of my fav cities
the oregonian - did sydney terrorist siege expose uber's evil side ?; a bike that can't be stolen : commuting roundu
police storm sydney cafe , at least four wounded -
: nsw police confirm the siege in sydney's cbd is now over ; a police officer among several injured
i'm going to stop tweeting about the . forget the bastards name , and his face . focus on those who have suffered because of this .
okay , seriously , everyone , please stop tweeting and rting unconfirmed stuff . this should not have to be said again .
cnn : sydney cafe siege over , 2 reported dead , 3 in serious condition
good to hear insanity all over .. .. one of my fav cities
theres a possible terrorist event going on in sydney right now and people's main focus is getting noticed by 5 sos ok
police storm sydney cafe , at least four wounded -
is a result of greed .right from europe 2 aus ..there govts r turning there safe countries into terror heaven ..danger trend ..
i'm going to stop tweeting about the . forget the bastards name , and his face . focus on those who have suffered because of this .
police say the is finally over ! few dead and injured , unknown yet the situation of the gunman .
cnn : sydney cafe siege over , 2 reported dead , 3 in serious condition
selfie shame at sydney terror siege via - this is actually sickening . no shame .
theres a possible terrorist event going on in sydney right now and people's main focus is getting noticed by 5 sos ok
australia police confirm sydney siege is over -
is a result of greed .right from europe 2 aus ..there govts r turning there safe countries into terror heaven ..danger trend ..
sky reporting the gunman is one of two people killed . police yet to confirm
police say the is finally over ! few dead and injured , unknown yet the situation of the gunman .
rat news online : police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , aus
selfie shame at sydney terror siege via - this is actually sickening . no shame .
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in sydney . thank goodness everyone is safe
australia police confirm sydney siege is over -
horrible news hearing about the hostages in sydney ! thankfully it's over now but so sad to hear people have died
sky reporting the gunman is one of two people killed . police yet to confirm
people in the us should learn from australians they don't create barriers based on terrorism , religion , or race
rat news online : police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , aus
is it not time to call it islamic terrorism when all attackers from toronto to sydney are only muslims ?
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in sydney . thank goodness everyone is safe
rest in peace to the people who got shot in sydney . 3
horrible news hearing about the hostages in sydney ! thankfully it's over now but so sad to hear people have died
las vegas sun - police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
people in the us should learn from australians they don't create barriers based on terrorism , religion , or race
new york post - sydney gunman ided as out-on-bail muslim cleric
is it not time to call it islamic terrorism when all attackers from toronto to sydney are only muslims ?
r police storm severalmorehostages flee (reports)
rest in peace to the people who got shot in sydney . 3
any hostage crisis that has a collateral damage of a single innocent life is a successful terror mission !
new york post - sydney gunman ided as out-on-bail muslim cleric
if you two are still following the it is over tactical response has ended the hostilities
r police storm severalmorehostages flee (reports)
the gunman being dead wouldn't be helpful for anyone ??? he needs do be interrogated spoken to about his motives
any hostage crisis that has a collateral damage of a single innocent life is a successful terror mission !
can feel united all the way to
if you two are still following the it is over tactical response has ended the hostilities
how about the gunman ? what has happend to him ?
the gunman being dead wouldn't be helpful for anyone ??? he needs do be interrogated spoken to about his motives
2005 london tube bombers were refugees , now isis inspired gunmen is also a refugee . whn will these developed nations learn ?
can feel united all the way to
pueblo chieftain - police storm sydney cafe , end hostage situation
sydney siege ends after 16 hours as cops storm chocolate shop
thoughts and prayers for the people involved and to their families . my heart has been frozen since this started
2005 london tube bombers were refugees , now isis inspired gunmen is also a refugee . whn will these developed nations learn ?
breaking news : australian police confirms that sydney cafe siege is now over after more than 16 hours .
thoughts and prayers for the people involved and to their families . my heart has been frozen since this started
we should all take note from aussies and become better humans . proud of you !!
fresh on kronoport video : gunfire and explosions as authorities storm sydney gunman
as tragic as it is it could have been much worse . our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the hostage killed . the upset gunman too .
breaking news : australian police confirms that sydney cafe siege is now over after more than 16 hours .
on bail yet accused of being accessory to murder , sending hate mail to families of dead soldiers sex assaults - why ?
police storm cafe to end hostage crisis . my congratulations !
a very sad ending . please let some good come of this terrible tragedy which will scar so many people
we should all take note from aussies and become better humans . proud of you !!
all the reporting on the tragic events in sydney is like a lit match next to a can of gasoline . i know who you will blame it on .
as tragic as it is it could have been much worse . our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the hostage killed . the upset gunman too .
in a few weeks , the wife and i will be in sydney . close to the lindt cafe . certainly not the best circumstances for a holiday .
on bail yet accused of being accessory to murder , sending hate mail to families of dead soldiers sex assaults - why ?
fresh on kronoport police storm sydney hostage siege cafe
a very sad ending . please let some good come of this terrible tragedy which will scar so many people
man haron monis is the name of the gunman
all the reporting on the tragic events in sydney is like a lit match next to a can of gasoline . i know who you will blame it on .
police storm sydney hostage siege cafe : reuters witness lewat
in a few weeks , the wife and i will be in sydney . close to the lindt cafe . certainly not the best circumstances for a holiday .
my boyfriends sister in sydney is still trapped at work , her building is in lockdown . i hope you're okay deb . stay strong . 3
man haron monis is the name of the gunman
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee : watch the moment se
my boyfriends sister in sydney is still trapped at work , her building is in lockdown . i hope you're okay deb . stay strong . 3
goes viral after sydney siege - anti-islamaphobia campaign trends globally in solidarity with musl
east : police storm sydney siege cafe - armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege
good the is over but going 2 b absolutely gutted if any of the hostages r seriously injured or dead as some reports r stating .
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee : watch the moment se
one of the injured is a nsw police officer
in sydney bro took hostages in a cafe for 17 hours .. police stormed and saying it's over but no reports on what's happened
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee : watch the moment several hostages run from the lind
goes viral after sydney siege - anti-islamaphobia campaign trends globally in solidarity with musl
praying for you sydney , philadelphia , and north carolina . can't imagine the feelings rushing through a time of chaos . god is our strength .
good the is over but going 2 b absolutely gutted if any of the hostages r seriously injured or dead as some reports r stating .
all those tweeting should be prosecuted for conspiricy to aid and abet a sex criminal and murderer
one of the injured is a nsw police officer
what we know about -- man haron monis -- alleged suspect
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee : watch the moment several hostages run from the lind
sending love , prayers , and light to all those involved in the
praying for you sydney , philadelphia , and north carolina . can't imagine the feelings rushing through a time of chaos . god is our strength .
video of the ct team assault on the here , initial push looks hurried and rushed . responding to threat
all those tweeting should be prosecuted for conspiricy to aid and abet a sex criminal and murderer
a message of thanks to the incredible police force in australia , you are true heroes , thanks for everything you do for us
what we know about -- man haron monis -- alleged suspect
police storm sydney hostage siege cafe : witness : police on tuesday stor
sending love , prayers , and light to all those involved in the
i can't believe what has happened in sydney
video of the ct team assault on the here , initial push looks hurried and rushed . responding to threat
: police say cafe siege is over after more than 16 hours .
a message of thanks to the incredible police force in australia , you are true heroes , thanks for everything you do for us
gunman crisis has been shot dead as per media reports .
police storm sydney hostage siege cafe : witness : police on tuesday stor
source : hostage-taker in australia identified - the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16 hours
i can't believe what has happened in sydney
correction : reports of death are not confirmed by the police , only media . i expect there's some truth in them though .
: police say cafe siege is over after more than 16 hours .
neither nor any reputable news source has confirmed any deaths . stop spreading conjecture .
gunman crisis has been shot dead as per media reports .
come home to a fun evening out to all these updates from sydney . stay strong back in aus
source : hostage-taker in australia identified - the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16 hours
'#sydneysiege ends up , several casualties after police operation !
correction : reports of death are not confirmed by the police , only media . i expect there's some truth in them though .
just imagine you got to cafe then sb holds you as hostage
neither nor any reputable news source has confirmed any deaths . stop spreading conjecture .
fresh on kronoport hostage taking in sydney cafe sparks fears of islamist-linked attack
come home to a fun evening out to all these updates from sydney . stay strong back in aus
reports that shooting in sydney is over with 2 dead , 3 seriously injured
'#sydneysiege ends up , several casualties after police operation !
relieved to hear the is over . still don't know all details . read some lost their lives others injured . sad day for australia .
just imagine you got to cafe then sb holds you as hostage
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16 ho
fresh on kronoport hostage taking in sydney cafe sparks fears of islamist-linked attack
sydney siege over . indian hostage safe . now he has to prepare for the bigger hostage situation - indian media
reports that shooting in sydney is over with 2 dead , 3 seriously injured
i hope everyone made it out safely , and foe those who didnt i hope they're ok
relieved to hear the is over . still don't know all details . read some lost their lives others injured . sad day for australia .
hey apa update psl sydney tu
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16 ho
guido : watch : moment sydney siege ended - live now on we are hearing two people are dead . five injured
sydney siege over . indian hostage safe . now he has to prepare for the bigger hostage situation - indian media
the gunman is one of two people killed in , according to local media .
i hope everyone made it out safely , and foe those who didnt i hope they're ok
show live pics but talk about shit that happened 12 hours earlier ! the worst live coverage in history
hey apa update psl sydney tu
was watching cnn when sydney siege went down . hopefully the guy who did this is dead . he was not a good guy .
guido : watch : moment sydney siege ended - live now on we are hearing two people are dead . five injured
photos : the latest from the hostage crisis
the gunman is one of two people killed in , according to local media .
glad to hear the seige in sydney has ended those poor innocent ppl held hostage , for what gain ?
show live pics but talk about shit that happened 12 hours earlier ! the worst live coverage in history
these gun shots and storming cant believe is a 1 man show vs dozens of special police units , dude must be well prepared
was watching cnn when sydney siege went down . hopefully the guy who did this is dead . he was not a good guy .
it's very sad to see the sydney incident . and then we don't want to sound communal butoh never mind .
photos : the latest from the hostage crisis
wow sydney ! proper steven seagal stuff !
glad to hear the seige in sydney has ended those poor innocent ppl held hostage , for what gain ?
developing no known connection between suspect and any potential plot in the u .s., law enforcement source says .
these gun shots and storming cant believe is a 1 man show vs dozens of special police units , dude must be well prepared
police say sydney hostage situation has ended
it's very sad to see the sydney incident . and then we don't want to sound communal butoh never mind .
security forces storm sydney hostage cafe via
wow sydney ! proper steven seagal stuff !
this is happening in your fucking home town and you haven't expressed any concern whatsoever are you shitting me
developing no known connection between suspect and any potential plot in the u .s., law enforcement source says .
confirmed two dead , one of which is the gunman . 4 injured , 3 critically , one of the injured is a nsw state police officer
police say sydney hostage situation has ended
your country back . this terror can stay in the middle east .
security forces storm sydney hostage cafe via
the whole thing in ain't right , all i know is that cafe is gonna get a lot of customers after this chaos cease .
this is happening in your fucking home town and you haven't expressed any concern whatsoever are you shitting me
update - police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after
confirmed two dead , one of which is the gunman . 4 injured , 3 critically , one of the injured is a nsw state police officer
rip to those who lost their lives in the
your country back . this terror can stay in the middle east .
he has so many crimes including sexual assaults this person is disgusting
the whole thing in ain't right , all i know is that cafe is gonna get a lot of customers after this chaos cease .
there was a shooting in pennsylvania and then the hostage situation in sydney
rip to those who lost their lives in the
the gunman who took hostages in sydney was also charged last year as an accessory to the murder of his ex-wife :
he has so many crimes including sexual assaults this person is disgusting
is over . 2 people are dead . sending out my prayers and thought to the victims and their family
it may be on the other side of the world , but prayers go out to the hostages and injured in sydney australia
sydney siege guman identified as man haron monis - police have identified the man behind the on-going siege in syd
the gunman who took hostages in sydney was also charged last year as an accessory to the murder of his ex-wife :
one of the two dead was the gunman .. feeling for that one hostage that died .
is over . 2 people are dead . sending out my prayers and thought to the victims and their family
just heard on the news : hostage situation is over in sydney . the terrorist is dead , so is one of the hostages and several injured .
update : statement posted online by man haron monis , suspect in hostage situation -
if two hostages are dead then i consider it a failed op .
sydney siege guman identified as man haron monis - police have identified the man behind the on-going siege in syd
so why wasn't he in jail ? australian hostage taker named as iranian refugee with criminal past via
one of the two dead was the gunman .. feeling for that one hostage that died .
first look at the trailer for the gunman , and starring idris elba , sean penn and javier bardem .
just heard on the news : hostage situation is over in sydney . the terrorist is dead , so is one of the hostages and several injured .
i pray there were no innocent casualties .
if two hostages are dead then i consider it a failed op .
the lax bail conditions for this monis guy in the brings back sad memories of the jill meagher case
so why wasn't he in jail ? australian hostage taker named as iranian refugee with criminal past via
ends has cops storm the place ! reports of 2 hostage casualties ! hope the gunmen are caught alive
first look at the trailer for the gunman , and starring idris elba , sean penn and javier bardem .
the gunman was no doubt insane in his own right , but filling a crazy man's head with religious fantasies doesn't help anything
i pray there were no innocent casualties .
sydney seige ends - lone jihadist appears to have been doing it
the lax bail conditions for this monis guy in the brings back sad memories of the jill meagher case
thankful the is over . flew into sydney at 2 pm and all were very anxious .
ends has cops storm the place ! reports of 2 hostage casualties ! hope the gunmen are caught alive
well 3 are dead including the gunman and several are injured
the gunman was no doubt insane in his own right , but filling a crazy man's head with religious fantasies doesn't help anything
the sydney hostage-taker , rapist , murderer and terrorist , should never have been in australia | frontpage magazine
sydney seige ends - lone jihadist appears to have been doing it
: no connection between hostage-taker and any potential plot in united states , via
thankful the is over . flew into sydney at 2 pm and all were very anxious .
wcbu radio : breaking : police have stormed the sydney cafe where gunman had taken hostages . b
well 3 are dead including the gunman and several are injured
the hostage situation is finally over in , my thoughts go out to the familys of the hostages
: no connection between hostage-taker and any potential plot in united states , via
should soon have statement from , explaining how this man is not islamic
wcbu radio : breaking : police have stormed the sydney cafe where gunman had taken hostages . b
saddened to wake up to the news of ! glad its over but my thoughts and prayers are with the families of all involved !
the hostage situation is finally over in , my thoughts go out to the familys of the hostages
i actually hope the gunman is dead . he doesn't deserve to take another breath .
update : several stretchers taken from sydney cafe after police storm building ending siege ; fate of hostage-taker unknown
is it over or is it start of more madness , man . what's happening
should soon have statement from , explaining how this man is not islamic
: muslim turned woman into a human fireball after she 'turned him down for sex '
saddened to wake up to the news of ! glad its over but my thoughts and prayers are with the families of all involved !
a siege in sydney . lots of hostages . people died . people injured . and other places also attacked
i actually hope the gunman is dead . he doesn't deserve to take another breath .
he's already known to authorities . is this further evidence that mass surveillance is unnecessary , even detrimental to anti-terror ?
is it over or is it start of more madness , man . what's happening
the sydney morning hostages run from sydney cafe - a sixth hostage has left central sydney's lindt cafe where a
: muslim turned woman into a human fireball after she 'turned him down for sex '
just reading about the sydney siege ! bloody awful !
a siege in sydney . lots of hostages . people died . people injured . and other places also attacked
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn affiliate s
he's already known to authorities . is this further evidence that mass surveillance is unnecessary , even detrimental to anti-terror ?
. terrorism defeated yet again .australia shows who they are with . well done ozees . terror hs no religion .
the sydney morning hostages run from sydney cafe - a sixth hostage has left central sydney's lindt cafe where a
sheikh haron's website : the sydney hostage taker's site is down . we saved a - vox |
just reading about the sydney siege ! bloody awful !
stunning video showing explosions and gunfire : the moment police stormed the sydney cafe where host
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn affiliate s
oh god mick , that's worrying . word is it's over :
. terrorism defeated yet again .australia shows who they are with . well done ozees . terror hs no religion .
this sydney siege has been so scary yet fascinating to watch unfold
sheikh haron's website : the sydney hostage taker's site is down . we saved a - vox |
watching incredible footage of the on . i feel sad for the hostages . thank god it's all over now
oh god mick , that's worrying . word is it's over :
so much gunfire ..i don't want to hear a peep from the bleeding-heart apologists !#sydneysiege
this sydney siege has been so scary yet fascinating to watch unfold
techcruch - these australian social media reactions to the are perfect
watching incredible footage of the on . i feel sad for the hostages . thank god it's all over now
use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during .. a bid to prevent an anti-muslim backlash !
police in sydney have confirmed that a 16 -hour siege at a cafe in the city is now over :
2 *in 2002 he faced charges in a plot to murder his first wife in sydney . the woman , noleen hayson pal , was stabbed to death
so much gunfire ..i don't want to hear a peep from the bleeding-heart apologists !#sydneysiege
thank you , for your all night reporting , esp for us in the us where the got maybe 10 seconds on air
techcruch - these australian social media reactions to the are perfect
:: sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee
use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during .. a bid to prevent an anti-muslim backlash !
relieved to hear the is over and hope that all hostages are ok and will recover from their ordeal .
2 *in 2002 he faced charges in a plot to murder his first wife in sydney . the woman , noleen hayson pal , was stabbed to death
who is australian hostage-taker man haron monis ?: according to multiple news outlets , the gunman currently holding hostages in a sydn
thank you , for your all night reporting , esp for us in the us where the got maybe 10 seconds on air
and it turned out the turd terrorist in was suspected of arranging the murder of his wife - multiculturism is wonderful isn't it ?
:: sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee
what has happened in sydney , will happen in london soon without a doubt
relieved to hear the is over and hope that all hostages are ok and will recover from their ordeal .
sydney siege ends as police storm site
who is australian hostage-taker man haron monis ?: according to multiple news outlets , the gunman currently holding hostages in a sydn
bravo ! australia ! thinking people with no time for , and senseless
and it turned out the turd terrorist in was suspected of arranging the murder of his wife - multiculturism is wonderful isn't it ?
sydney (cnn) - gunfire erupted early tuesday as police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had been holding
what has happened in sydney , will happen in london soon without a doubt
breaking : heavily armed police storm sydney cafe and end 16 -hour standoff
sydney siege ends as police storm site
people taking selfies outside that lindt cafe in sydney shows how fucked up the human race is . they were actually smiling , unbelievable .
bravo ! australia ! thinking people with no time for , and senseless
my thoughts and prayers go out to the injured , the hostages , their families and all emergency personnel involved
breaking : heavily armed police storm sydney cafe and end 16 -hour standoff
why is reporting abc said 2 dead in but abc reporters on ground saying they hope everyone's ok . bizarre .
people taking selfies outside that lindt cafe in sydney shows how fucked up the human race is . they were actually smiling , unbelievable .
gunfire as sydney siege appears over ~via weeklystandard
my thoughts and prayers go out to the injured , the hostages , their families and all emergency personnel involved
the gunman is most likely dead though otherwise we would have seen more , he was either killed or killed himself
r armed police storm cafe as more hostages escape - latest here
what is the sydney siege ? i'm just now seeing tweets about it and apparently it's over now ?
why is reporting abc said 2 dead in but abc reporters on ground saying they hope everyone's ok . bizarre .
[abs-cbn news ] gunman takes hostages in sydney coffee shop
gunfire as sydney siege appears over ~via weeklystandard
sydney sieze # prayers for the injured , get well soon # lindt chocolate cafe
the gunman is most likely dead though otherwise we would have seen more , he was either killed or killed himself
against the backdrop of this , visit to india is going to be a security nightmare for india
what is the sydney siege ? i'm just now seeing tweets about it and apparently it's over now ?
is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene - live updates
[abs-cbn news ] gunman takes hostages in sydney coffee shop
affects global . $spx $rut $spy
sydney sieze # prayers for the injured , get well soon # lindt chocolate cafe
sydney reporters blaming the u .s. for the hostage situation . yea , no . bye .
against the backdrop of this , visit to india is going to be a security nightmare for india
someone help me whats going on
affects global . $spx $rut $spy
media now desperate to portray terrorist as a lone wolf . what difference does that make to the victims ?
sydney reporters blaming the u .s. for the hostage situation . yea , no . bye .
when will the violence in the name of religion end ?
someone help me whats going on
heartfelt sorrow for and ..a swiss company and a country associated with peace .. a global sadness
sydney siege over but tense moments awaiting news of casualties . follow live blog for updates
: unconfirmed reports of deaths during storming of :
media now desperate to portray terrorist as a lone wolf . what difference does that make to the victims ?
this is the moment the 16 -hour siege in sydney ended
when will the violence in the name of religion end ?
sydney police storming the lindt cafe and freeing hostages (potato recording of the live stream )
heartfelt sorrow for and ..a swiss company and a country associated with peace .. a global sadness
charged in october w / 22 counts of aggravated sexual assault , you claim he represents ? please .
: unconfirmed reports of deaths during storming of :
while i travel in the amazing country of australia , my thoughts are with all the innocent people who got affected by the
this is the moment the 16 -hour siege in sydney ended
i hope the officer that was injured is okay
sydney police storming the lindt cafe and freeing hostages (potato recording of the live stream )
please don't self confirm false info . no deaths have been confirmed .
charged in october w / 22 counts of aggravated sexual assault , you claim he represents ? please .
did ray stubbs sort the sydney cafe issue out ?
while i travel in the amazing country of australia , my thoughts are with all the innocent people who got affected by the
holy shit are those people still at hostage in sydney ??
i hope the officer that was injured is okay
good news is the is over . bad news is it looks like there were some hostage casualties .
please don't self confirm false info . no deaths have been confirmed .
sydney siege : police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed
holy shit are those people still at hostage in sydney ??
idkhaven't seen anything official on gunman dead or alive .
good news is the is over . bad news is it looks like there were some hostage casualties .
shocking pics : people take selfies , drink beer outside sydney terror attack site
sydney siege : police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed
coin ! _aladd1n : this is heartbreaking and it angers me what these terrorists are doing in the name of my religion
star online sydney ;s nightmare before christmas - heavily armed policemen seen outside the cafe in the centr
i would hate to be a paramedic in these sort of situations no protection
idkhaven't seen anything official on gunman dead or alive .
coin ! itsayazq : its very imp that muslim community across the globe proactively condemn this heinous act of terror .
shocking pics : people take selfies , drink beer outside sydney terror attack site
very happy to see this hostage situation resolved in sydney .
coin ! _aladd1n : this is heartbreaking and it angers me what these terrorists are doing in the name of my religion
still not sure if hostages escaped or were let go
i would hate to be a paramedic in these sort of situations no protection
im so glad that the is finally over . hope none of the hostages are not hurt . hope the guy is dead or is jailed for ages
coin ! itsayazq : its very imp that muslim community across the globe proactively condemn this heinous act of terror .
the guy who was holding people hostage in sydney was an accessory to the murder of his wifewhy wasn't he in prison ?
very happy to see this hostage situation resolved in sydney .
there's only one gunman anyway , he can't stay awake forever .
still not sure if hostages escaped or were let go
sydney siege live : loud explosions heard as police storm lindt cafe
im so glad that the is finally over . hope none of the hostages are not hurt . hope the guy is dead or is jailed for ages
if some one in that cafe had concealed carry this could have ended much earlier
the guy who was holding people hostage in sydney was an accessory to the murder of his wifewhy wasn't he in prison ?
the man set his wife on fire ,raped a woman and posted anti-western messages and he wasn't in prison why ?!
there's only one gunman anyway , he can't stay awake forever .
- moving campaign in sydney offering support for muslim residents fearing backlash :
sydney siege live : loud explosions heard as police storm lindt cafe
absolutely awful the images coming from sydney !
if some one in that cafe had concealed carry this could have ended much earlier
aussies storm the building ? they should have cleared the sniper for the shot when they had it .
the man set his wife on fire ,raped a woman and posted anti-western messages and he wasn't in prison why ?!
congrates to australia to win over terrorist .we are with you .
- moving campaign in sydney offering support for muslim residents fearing backlash :
ap photo : an injured hostage is wheeled to an ambulance during a cafe siege in sydney , australia :
absolutely awful the images coming from sydney !
police say sydney cafe hostage situation isover after more than 16 hours .
aussies storm the building ? they should have cleared the sniper for the shot when they had it .
coin ! mohussein : idiots like those responsible for innocent lives lost in is the closest you can be to being .se
congrates to australia to win over terrorist .we are with you .
siege ??? 1 crazed asshole operating alone is a siege ?.. what is ?
ap photo : an injured hostage is wheeled to an ambulance during a cafe siege in sydney , australia :
my thoughts have been on what's happening in sydney all day , really hope it can be stopped without anyone getting hurt 3
coin ! mohussein : idiots like those responsible for innocent lives lost in is the closest you can be to being .se
is a spiritual leader .oops we must beware of mike velarde and bro . eddie
siege ??? 1 crazed asshole operating alone is a siege ?.. what is ?
two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends : australian media
my thoughts have been on what's happening in sydney all day , really hope it can be stopped without anyone getting hurt 3
that police rescue van is waiting for the hostage taker i reckon . probably being made stable or being interrogated .
glad the sydney siege is over , hopefully all hostages are okay
sheikh haron sent hate mail to dead diggers ' families (that was back in 2009 !) -
is a spiritual leader .oops we must beware of mike velarde and bro . eddie
another day , another islamic fanatic , another act of terror , another few deaths , another version of quran .#sydneysiege
two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends : australian media
the siege in sydney is over . but uber continues to display a horrible lack of ethics in this world . shame on them .
that police rescue van is waiting for the hostage taker i reckon . probably being made stable or being interrogated .
watching escaped hostages ; im yet to see the 18 year old , apprentice male plumber . pray he is ok after his texts to his mum .
sheikh haron sent hate mail to dead diggers ' families (that was back in 2009 !) -
the scumbag is dead . lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via
another day , another islamic fanatic , another act of terror , another few deaths , another version of quran .#sydneysiege
well played officers , well played
the siege in sydney is over . but uber continues to display a horrible lack of ethics in this world . shame on them .
the best thing (if it can be seen that way ) coming out of is the peoples movement for the 2 who died .
watching escaped hostages ; im yet to see the 18 year old , apprentice male plumber . pray he is ok after his texts to his mum .
coin ! rahatjobayar : condemn the as a . a salute to d ppl for their courage n moral stand .
the scumbag is dead . lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn a
well played officers , well played
eyewitness : 'he has a gun ' - an employee at the cafe where several people are held hostage in sydney describes the
the best thing (if it can be seen that way ) coming out of is the peoples movement for the 2 who died .
videographer - filming , film , video - wiggle honda - sydney , nsw - melbourne , vic - amazing oppor
coin ! rahatjobayar : condemn the as a . a salute to d ppl for their courage n moral stand .
praying for those who were in . hope everyone is safe and with their loved ones now :)
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn a
yeah , well we are all praying for sydney so you absolutely have our support
videographer - filming , film , video - wiggle honda - sydney , nsw - melbourne , vic - amazing oppor
police have confirmed sydney hostage taking is over . more here :
praying for those who were in . hope everyone is safe and with their loved ones now :)
ridiculous : the sydney hostage taker is a known criminal .wtf was aus police doing ?this siege was a preventable one .
yeah , well we are all praying for sydney so you absolutely have our support
is over , media has no idea what happened in the last 3 hours so are just making shit up .
i am happy the police stormed the cafe and rescued the hostages .
so is the piece of shit dead yet ?
police have confirmed sydney hostage taking is over . more here :
thank you to the incredible and brave law enforcement officers who put their lives at risk . praying for the hostages .
ridiculous : the sydney hostage taker is a known criminal .wtf was aus police doing ?this siege was a preventable one .
if he's still alive i hope he gets locked up like he should've been years ago .
is over , media has no idea what happened in the last 3 hours so are just making shit up .
news just in : the hostage situation in sydney is over after armed officers stormed the local cafe in australia .
so is the piece of shit dead yet ?
'mum, i'm in the lindt cafe :' hostage sends heart-stopping text from sydney siege
thank you to the incredible and brave law enforcement officers who put their lives at risk . praying for the hostages .
oh the sydney hostage suspect is a muslim ! everybody is so surprised !! :^)
if he's still alive i hope he gets locked up like he should've been years ago .
after almost 17 hours sydney crisis is over .
news just in : the hostage situation in sydney is over after armed officers stormed the local cafe in australia .
once again beat every one other , end in 14 hrs
'mum, i'm in the lindt cafe :' hostage sends heart-stopping text from sydney siege
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from cafe
after almost 17 hours sydney crisis is over .
grant williams - once decision is made entry its last tap dance . up to bravery of officers .
once again beat every one other , end in 14 hrs
i'm so glad is finally over but i'm extremely saddened by the outcome
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from cafe
an injured is carried to an ambulance after shots were fired during the photo : ap /rob griffith
grant williams - once decision is made entry its last tap dance . up to bravery of officers .
is now over , live stream and live on
i'm so glad is finally over but i'm extremely saddened by the outcome
extraordinary how we can witness so close a situation unfold as it did in sydney earlier !
an injured is carried to an ambulance after shots were fired during the photo : ap /rob griffith
update : police have confirmed that the sydney siege is over after storming the lindt cafe shortly after more
is now over , live stream and live on
sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours
extraordinary how we can witness so close a situation unfold as it did in sydney earlier !
let's keep valuing political correctness over human lives till the next tragedy strikes .
someone enlighten me about the whole sydney situation
mt there's bn no visible sign of the gunman at the centre of . 2 dead , 5 injured . police confirm siege is over .
let's keep valuing political correctness over human lives till the next tragedy strikes .
dramatic videos of hostages escaping police storming
hostage situation at a sydney cafe has come to an end .#sydneycafesiege
looks like the sydney siege is over worth a sad result . my heart is with you sydney
mt there's bn no visible sign of the gunman at the centre of . 2 dead , 5 injured . police confirm siege is over .
nashville scene - metro police : officer shot , teenage gunman killed after sunday night shootout
dramatic videos of hostages escaping police storming
glad to hear that the events in sydney are over . very scary !
looks like the sydney siege is over worth a sad result . my heart is with you sydney
you are so communal . my god !!! do you even know what terror is ? don't shit brick over a . have some courage .
nashville scene - metro police : officer shot , teenage gunman killed after sunday night shootout
given you're from sydney , now is not the time to be promoting your album . wake up to yourselves .
sydney's hostage crisis spawns the most powerful hashtag of the year
has to confirm things before thinking
glad to hear that the events in sydney are over . very scary !
the gunman died as well as one of the hostages
you are so communal . my god !!! do you even know what terror is ? don't shit brick over a . have some courage .
r lots of bangs , hostages out , no sign of shooter
given you're from sydney , now is not the time to be promoting your album . wake up to yourselves .
one of them is the gunman , so it's not all bad .
has to confirm things before thinking
just checked out the latest on the sydney siege all the best to all involved .
the gunman died as well as one of the hostages
trending on yearof the yearjohnnyhostageboomore daysperiod
r lots of bangs , hostages out , no sign of shooter
thanks god is over . indians r with australians in the hour of crisis . we together can finish terrorists form indian ocean .
one of them is the gunman , so it's not all bad .
breaking : sydney police storm cafe and end hostage standoff
just checked out the latest on the sydney siege all the best to all involved .
i liked a video from sydney : shots fired live on tv , swat team storm building -
trending on yearof the yearjohnnyhostageboomore daysperiod
fuckfaces ! people taking selfies at the have no shame :
thanks god is over . indians r with australians in the hour of crisis . we together can finish terrorists form indian ocean .
new job post videographer - filming , film , video - wiggle honda - sydney , nsw - melbourne , vic - amazing opportun
breaking : sydney police storm cafe and end hostage standoff
las vegas sun - bus security guard fatally shoots gunman on las vegas strip
i liked a video from sydney : shots fired live on tv , swat team storm building -
seriously , people can be so demented taking hostages like that
fuckfaces ! people taking selfies at the have no shame :
go read gita . and then find the verse which says women , vaishya shudra are born of sinful vagina ?
new job post videographer - filming , film , video - wiggle honda - sydney , nsw - melbourne , vic - amazing opportun
my thoughts are with those who passed and with the families affected .
las vegas sun - bus security guard fatally shoots gunman on las vegas strip
australia : sydney siege ends as police storm lindt cafe and hostages run out
go read gita . and then find the verse which says women , vaishya shudra are born of sinful vagina ?
sydney terrorist siege : not exactally the moment for a selfie
my thoughts are with those who passed and with the families affected .
great work to the new south wales police
australia : sydney siege ends as police storm lindt cafe and hostages run out
hawaii reporter - australian police : contact made with sydney siege gunman
[iol] security forces storm sydney hostage cafe
the advocate - hostage situation erupts in sydney cafe - mon , 15 dec 2014 16 :37:41 gmt by kristen gelineau associa
sydney terrorist siege : not exactally the moment for a selfie
one man with a gun can cause a global crisis . if you are isis , that has to be very tempting . how do you address that ?
great work to the new south wales police
mt : the gunman is 1 of 2 people killed following gunfire at sydney , cafe . 3 people are critically injured .
hawaii reporter - australian police : contact made with sydney siege gunman
baltimore sun - sydney siege : police storm cafe in dramatic end to hostage standoff
one man with a gun can cause a global crisis . if you are isis , that has to be very tempting . how do you address that ?
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots - the suspected gunman inside the lindt cafe in sydney ,
mt : the gunman is 1 of 2 people killed following gunfire at sydney , cafe . 3 people are critically injured .
conflicting reports : some say 2 dead , others say just one .
baltimore sun - sydney siege : police storm cafe in dramatic end to hostage standoff
bbc love mentioning the fact the armed gunman is iranian .
spokesman review - police storm sydney cafe where hostages held - mon , 15 dec 2014 pst
nwaonline - sydney siege gunman believed to be muslim cleric
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots - the suspected gunman inside the lindt cafe in sydney ,
what's new world sydney siege : the moment police stormed and hostages fled
conflicting reports : some say 2 dead , others say just one .
thank god the worst of the is overthanks australia for hoping it could help fight all types of discrimination
bbc love mentioning the fact the armed gunman is iranian .
gosh , why everyone has to be scared , about what's happening in australia ! attention , this is exactly what they want !!
nwaonline - sydney siege gunman believed to be muslim cleric
regretful to hear of casualties and injuries , but relieved at the end of this tragic and traumatic incident .
what's new world sydney siege : the moment police stormed and hostages fled
yes it's over but uncertain about injuries and deaths . also no idea on the gunman
thank god the worst of the is overthanks australia for hoping it could help fight all types of discrimination
live : sydney hostage crisis over ; infosys employee safely evacuated | via
gosh , why everyone has to be scared , about what's happening in australia ! attention , this is exactly what they want !!
according to fox news , five stretchers taken out of lindt cafe in a downtown sydney .
regretful to hear of casualties and injuries , but relieved at the end of this tragic and traumatic incident .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : police say a hostage situation in sydney is
yes it's over but uncertain about injuries and deaths . also no idea on the gunman
sydney siege : watch dramatic end to terrifying hostage situation as police storm cafe
live : sydney hostage crisis over ; infosys employee safely evacuated | via
police storm sydney siege cafe armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a si
according to fox news , five stretchers taken out of lindt cafe in a downtown sydney .
there is expected to be a statement at around dawn of the situation that has gone down in sydney this morning .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : police say a hostage situation in sydney is
it's over !!! police stormed cafe with stun grenades and live ammunition 2 given cpr
sydney siege : watch dramatic end to terrifying hostage situation as police storm cafe
has two deaths been confirmed ? please don't be the hostages :(
police storm sydney siege cafe armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a si
love seeing the german shepard champing at the bit to tear that islamist apart . hopefully he got a taste . too far ? fuck it .
there is expected to be a statement at around dawn of the situation that has gone down in sydney this morning .
: muslim terror attacks killed more than 5,000 peoplein just one month
has two deaths been confirmed ? please don't be the hostages :(
so glad the is finally over . praying for the victims to recover soon .
love seeing the german shepard champing at the bit to tear that islamist apart . hopefully he got a taste . too far ? fuck it .
did u hear what had just happened in the sydney siege ??
: muslim terror attacks killed more than 5,000 peoplein just one month
so that just happened in sydney and that's what 5 sos are tweeting about ?!
so glad the is finally over . praying for the victims to recover soon .
sydney siege : elly chen - the hostage who escaped - elly chen , a waitress at lindt cafe in sydney , is one of five
did u hear what had just happened in the sydney siege ??
photoset : joyfulbenzo : ireallylikefriedchicken : anyone in sydney , australia : please dont be in the city or
so that just happened in sydney and that's what 5 sos are tweeting about ?!
props to the aussies for doing this and for defusing the with no loss of life . via
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held - a flurry of loud bangs erupted as a swarm of heavily armed police s
such a relief to hear that the is over . hope everyone is okay .
sydney siege : elly chen - the hostage who escaped - elly chen , a waitress at lindt cafe in sydney , is one of five
is over . 2 people have reportedly been killed and 3 in a serious condition :
photoset : joyfulbenzo : ireallylikefriedchicken : anyone in sydney , australia : please dont be in the city or
gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed - police hostage situation developing in sydney
props to the aussies for doing this and for defusing the with no loss of life . via
wtf my mom is in sydney stop dammit what the fuck is happening
such a relief to hear that the is over . hope everyone is okay .
security around indiancricketers has been beefed upin owing to thehostage crisis in .
is over . 2 people have reportedly been killed and 3 in a serious condition :
r heavily armed police storm cafe at centre of
gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed - police hostage situation developing in sydney
they are . i do have to give props to the police force for their amazing work with the . bravo .
wtf my mom is in sydney stop dammit what the fuck is happening
video : hostages flee australia siege cafe - more hostages are seen fleeing a cafe in sydney , australia which a gun
security around indiancricketers has been beefed upin owing to thehostage crisis in .
to save bother of just retweeting him all the time , is providing some good coverage of .
r heavily armed police storm cafe at centre of
sydney siege : muslim cleric man haron monis named as hostage taker
they are . i do have to give props to the police force for their amazing work with the . bravo .
terror : as comes to a dramatic end we investigate the new islamic terror cell network , chillingly named 'the lone wolves .'
video : hostages flee australia siege cafe - more hostages are seen fleeing a cafe in sydney , australia which a gun
our thoughts and prayers are with the people of after this horrifying ordeal .
to save bother of just retweeting him all the time , is providing some good coverage of .
at last the hostages are freed , but seems 2 dead 3 critically injured .
sydney siege : muslim cleric man haron monis named as hostage taker
hoping , wishing , praying that the injured will be ok .
terror : as comes to a dramatic end we investigate the new islamic terror cell network , chillingly named 'the lone wolves .'
hope everyone one in sydney is ok
our thoughts and prayers are with the people of after this horrifying ordeal .
is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene . pic : getty
at last the hostages are freed , but seems 2 dead 3 critically injured .
actually so proud of australians , so many amazing , kind people in sydney and all around australia today tonight . such a proud aussie atm
hoping , wishing , praying that the injured will be ok .
mind not using the sydney hashtag for your idiotic conversation ?
is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene . pic : getty
sydney (ap) -- number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear .
actually so proud of australians , so many amazing , kind people in sydney and all around australia today tonight . such a proud aussie atm
video from moments ago shows hostages escaping from the lindt cafe
mind not using the sydney hashtag for your idiotic conversation ?
is over , but an other story is going to begin for refugee in
sky news : gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed
i don't care if this sydney terrorist is called mohammed i'm'ard bruce lee . i'm going to australia
video from moments ago shows hostages escaping from the lindt cafe
reports suggesting the hostage-taker is now explaining his misdeeds to allah .
is over , but an other story is going to begin for refugee in
have you not seen what is happening in sydney right now ?? oh my god
i don't care if this sydney terrorist is called mohammed i'm'ard bruce lee . i'm going to australia
an iranian (shiite?) terrorist seeking an isis (sunni) flag ? all very strange . bravo to aussie forces !
reports suggesting the hostage-taker is now explaining his misdeeds to allah .
guy struggling to get the flash bang off his jacket there on sky news sydney siege
have you not seen what is happening in sydney right now ?? oh my god
good night the conversation : how the is being reported by the public and news professionals
an iranian (shiite?) terrorist seeking an isis (sunni) flag ? all very strange . bravo to aussie forces !
update : number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear .
that sydney hostage situation sounded wild . look how they ended the shit . niggas let off rounds
many of these australian police storming the building don't look nearly as well armed as their peers in missouri
guy struggling to get the flash bang off his jacket there on sky news sydney siege
just knew about everyone's fine one direction
good night the conversation : how the is being reported by the public and news professionals
news more hostages escape cafe - more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held hostage by a
update : number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear .
after watching , now think what we underwent from 26 /11/2008 to 28 /11, when paki terrorists held mumbai taj , trident hostage .
many of these australian police storming the building don't look nearly as well armed as their peers in missouri
news source : hostage-taker in australia identified - the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16
just knew about everyone's fine one direction
the suspect in carried a gun , not a religion ! we condemn this actions of few don't define us or our beliefs !
news more hostages escape cafe - more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held hostage by a
i reckon the police had no choice but to go in right then . more may have lost their lives if they had not .
after watching , now think what we underwent from 26 /11/2008 to 28 /11, when paki terrorists held mumbai taj , trident hostage .
who has said that two are dead ? it wasn't the
news source : hostage-taker in australia identified - the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16
hope things will become clear soon
the suspect in carried a gun , not a religion ! we condemn this actions of few don't define us or our beliefs !
sydney hostage ends , 2 killed 7 wounded as police storm cafe
i reckon the police had no choice but to go in right then . more may have lost their lives if they had not .
goosebumps here as i watch it live on tv
who has said that two are dead ? it wasn't the
glad to hear that the is over . hope all the hostages are safe and well .
hope things will become clear soon
the real tragedy is the mind being held hostage by religion
sydney hostage ends , 2 killed 7 wounded as police storm cafe
2 dead apparently . not good . internet says gunman also dead but news not confirming it yet .
goosebumps here as i watch it live on tv
glad to hear the is over my heart goes out to all those affected 3
glad to hear that the is over . hope all the hostages are safe and well .
it's fascinating to listen to journalists in sydney not wildly speculate during a time of crisis
the real tragedy is the mind being held hostage by religion
finally this terrifying ordeal is coming to an end . thank god for the police all they have done in the last 11 hours in sydney .
2 dead apparently . not good . internet says gunman also dead but news not confirming it yet .
why is no one telling me what happened in sydney
glad to hear the is over my heart goes out to all those affected 3
racists white police officers in australia !!!
it's fascinating to listen to journalists in sydney not wildly speculate during a time of crisis
two die as swat commandos storm cafe to bring sydney siege to an end : via
finally this terrifying ordeal is coming to an end . thank god for the police all they have done in the last 11 hours in sydney .
it's 3 am i am so tired but the sydney siege is actually crazy i have to stay awake for more info
why is no one telling me what happened in sydney
so is on-air now . live to syndey for all the developments in the last hour in the 5 -6am
racists white police officers in australia !!!
here is the video of hostages explaining demands of haron monis .
two die as swat commandos storm cafe to bring sydney siege to an end : via
tweet (#7855) crazy how gun men can become negotiators in a stand off . good thing all hostages were okay .
it's 3 am i am so tired but the sydney siege is actually crazy i have to stay awake for more info
news cctv : police hunting masked gunman after robbery at bookmakers
so is on-air now . live to syndey for all the developments in the last hour in the 5 -6am
i get that those guys in sydney were terrorists , but do not fucking call them jihadists . that is not the right fucking term to use .
tweet (#7855) crazy how gun men can become negotiators in a stand off . good thing all hostages were okay .
omg !! a terrorist is a synonym of muslims islam , wikipedia please update it !!
news cctv : police hunting masked gunman after robbery at bookmakers
the drama is over .that lunatic need to punish . islam never teach us killing people . big sorry to those hostages
i get that those guys in sydney were terrorists , but do not fucking call them jihadists . that is not the right fucking term to use .
rt : the gunman is 1 of 2 people killed following gunfire at sydney cafe . 3 people are critically injured .
iranian , man haron monis has allegedly been identified by police as the hostage-taker at a cafe in
to the brave personnel of the nsw police , mission accomplished !#prayforsydney
omg !! a terrorist is a synonym of muslims islam , wikipedia please update it !!
well done australian security services . bravery is a rare attribute .
the drama is over .that lunatic need to punish . islam never teach us killing people . big sorry to those hostages
islamic terrorism is a worldwide threat . hardly a religion of peace .
rt : the gunman is 1 of 2 people killed following gunfire at sydney cafe . 3 people are critically injured .
why is it every terrorist in the world looks like someone you could beat the crap out of face-to-face ? cowards , all of them .
to the brave personnel of the nsw police , mission accomplished !#prayforsydney
like . sydney police handled this so well . and the bravery of those hostages is insane . and the solidarity is beautiful
well done australian security services . bravery is a rare attribute .
police went in live ammo confirmed plenty of rounds shot prayers are with all hostages and families . fate of offender not confirmed
islamic terrorism is a worldwide threat . hardly a religion of peace .
a hope that terrorist in sydney is laying with a hole in his head
why is it every terrorist in the world looks like someone you could beat the crap out of face-to-face ? cowards , all of them .
so upsetting to hear about the people that lost their lives in the sydney seige . and those that were injured . this is not the way . so upset .
like . sydney police handled this so well . and the bravery of those hostages is insane . and the solidarity is beautiful
how does a man with that much intel on him still walking down the streets in sydney ? somebody dropped the ball majorly on him .
police went in live ammo confirmed plenty of rounds shot prayers are with all hostages and families . fate of offender not confirmed
report : 2 people are dead and 3 are in serious condition after police storm sydney cafe
a hope that terrorist in sydney is laying with a hole in his head
radio and tv say the sydney siege is over . i hope the hostages are all ok .
so upsetting to hear about the people that lost their lives in the sydney seige . and those that were injured . this is not the way . so upset .
mundo : police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages - fox news
how does a man with that much intel on him still walking down the streets in sydney ? somebody dropped the ball majorly on him .
news alert ! sydney siege : police storm cafe in hostage standoff
report : 2 people are dead and 3 are in serious condition after police storm sydney cafe
eyewitness : 'he has a gun ' - an employee at the cafe where several people are held hostage in sydney describ
radio and tv say the sydney siege is over . i hope the hostages are all ok .
been following the all morning . good to know it's over , but it's so deeply upsetting . these people have families .
eyewitness : 'he has a gun ' - an employee at the cafe where several people are held hostage in sydney describ
so if they were just going to storm the restaurant at the end , what took 19 hours ?
been following the all morning . good to know it's over , but it's so deeply upsetting . these people have families .
suggest a producer watching the same live footage we've been watching brief your reporters on the ground .
via [ ] - police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages - fox news
just left sydney 5 days ago , cant believe this is happening , thank god its now over . prayer goes to all the victim
all india news - heavily armed police storm sydney cafe , more hostages escape
kplr : gunshots at sydney hostage scene , two reported dead
so if they were just going to storm the restaurant at the end , what took 19 hours ?
watching the sydney siege on the news , this shit is crazy !!
suggest a producer watching the same live footage we've been watching brief your reporters on the ground .
police storm hostage situation in sydney
just left sydney 5 days ago , cant believe this is happening , thank god its now over . prayer goes to all the victim
right now : officers say the hostage situation in sydney , australia has come to an end after 16 hours . details :
kplr : gunshots at sydney hostage scene , two reported dead
ok where are people getting information that people have died in the ? i'm watching live australian news and no death confirmed
watching the sydney siege on the news , this shit is crazy !!
super 2 x7 matrix :the ultimate forced matrix
police storm hostage situation in sydney
identity of sydney hostage-taker revealed via
right now : officers say the hostage situation in sydney , australia has come to an end after 16 hours . details :
dark day for me and shame to say that heartless abductor is a persian .
ok where are people getting information that people have died in the ? i'm watching live australian news and no death confirmed
police have found bodies of two hostages as siege ends in sydney , australia . five victims injured . gunman also dead .
super 2 x7 matrix :the ultimate forced matrix
sydney police consulting the two blokes from the fosters ad
identity of sydney hostage-taker revealed via
ends with shootout leaving 4 injured , for details watch now on .
dark day for me and shame to say that heartless abductor is a persian .
our hearts go out to the families and victims of the there are reports of 2 dead , meaning 1 is
sydney police consulting the two blokes from the fosters ad
sydney hostage crisis reaches breaking point as police storm cafe
ends with shootout leaving 4 injured , for details watch now on .
can anyone explain to me why this guy was out on bail .
our hearts go out to the families and victims of the there are reports of 2 dead , meaning 1 is
wow that was freaky to watch go down !! hope the few people taken to hospital are ok
2 hostages dead and 3 seriously injured : reports
thank you to the brave police , medics other support staff working on the . the australian spirit will prevail
sydney hostage crisis reaches breaking point as police storm cafe
who would've thought the hostage suspect in sydney was a . muslim , b . sex offender , c . suspected murderer
can anyone explain to me why this guy was out on bail .
dramatic pictures from sydney . glad the siege is over and hopefully no fatalities or major injuries among the hostages and police involved .
wow that was freaky to watch go down !! hope the few people taken to hospital are ok
abc news 24 has nothing on death toll yet . i wonder if i can find a cnn live stream , they seem to have more news
thank you to the brave police , medics other support staff working on the . the australian spirit will prevail
two people are confirmed dead , three in serious condition .
who would've thought the hostage suspect in sydney was a . muslim , b . sex offender , c . suspected murderer
thoughts go out to all those involved in the sydney siege . can't imagine how scary that must be !
dramatic pictures from sydney . glad the siege is over and hopefully no fatalities or major injuries among the hostages and police involved .
can't stop watching and what's happening in sydney !!stop taking selfies get it on folks !#sydneysiege
abc news 24 has nothing on death toll yet . i wonder if i can find a cnn live stream , they seem to have more news
video : heavy gunfire heard as police enter cafe to end
two people are confirmed dead , three in serious condition .
thank goodness mostly everyone is safe in sydney
thoughts go out to all those involved in the sydney siege . can't imagine how scary that must be !
sad scene in sydney for such an incredible city .
can't stop watching and what's happening in sydney !!stop taking selfies get it on folks !#sydneysiege
went 16 hrs , but we haven't seen any tv reporters hyperventilating , or using words like exclusive , news . lazy aussies ?
video : heavy gunfire heard as police enter cafe to end
please don't let those 2 deaths be real in this situation in sydney
sad scene in sydney for such an incredible city .
profile of man haron monis , who perpetrated the sydney siege via /r/worldnews
went 16 hrs , but we haven't seen any tv reporters hyperventilating , or using words like exclusive , news . lazy aussies ?
rss test 1 more hostages escape cafe - more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held hostage
please don't let those 2 deaths be real in this situation in sydney
ohh thank god ..finally its over
| good monday morning ! we ;re reading about the ongoing hostage situation in sydney
hostages were seen running from the lindt cafe as armed police ran in .
profile of man haron monis , who perpetrated the sydney siege via /r/worldnews
uber's latest pr disaster : spiking ride prices as a hostage situation unfolded in sydney , austalia
rss test 1 more hostages escape cafe - more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held hostage
good job police , definently happy with how this situation was all conducted and all the best for the hostages .
ohh thank god ..finally its over
sydney hostage crisis : australia has lost its innocence - ten days out from christmas , australia has lost its inno
hostages were seen running from the lindt cafe as armed police ran in .
sydney's hostage crisis is over via /r/worldnews
uber's latest pr disaster : spiking ride prices as a hostage situation unfolded in sydney , austalia
all indian politicians are committed not to learn anything from
good job police , definently happy with how this situation was all conducted and all the best for the hostages .
just seen that people have been taking selfies outside the site of are they for real ? show some respect .
sydney hostage crisis : australia has lost its innocence - ten days out from christmas , australia has lost its inno
so had nothing to do with , gunman was an iranian refugee in australia since 1996 and known to police
sydney's hostage crisis is over via /r/worldnews
if it's true that people took selfies in front of the site then i'm disgusted . i can't think of a suitable way to punish them .
all indian politicians are committed not to learn anything from
gunfire erupts in pennsylvania ; 5 dead ; gunman barricaded in home via /r/worldnews
just seen that people have been taking selfies outside the site of are they for real ? show some respect .
gunfire , explosions heard as cops storm sydney caf ; - another five hostages running out before the the gun ba
so had nothing to do with , gunman was an iranian refugee in australia since 1996 and known to police
so so sad about the latest news in sydney .
if it's true that people took selfies in front of the site then i'm disgusted . i can't think of a suitable way to punish them .
good news (december 15, 2014 ; 10 : 48 est ): this is now over
gunfire erupts in pennsylvania ; 5 dead ; gunman barricaded in home via /r/worldnews
thoughts and prayers going out to sydney . i hope everyone gets to safety . xx -cass one direction
so so sad about the latest news in sydney .
from a group of about half the hostages fleed , antagonizing monis who began to shoot , so then they stormed
good news (december 15, 2014 ; 10 : 48 est ): this is now over
sydney cafe hostage situation over after 16 + hours , police say
thoughts and prayers going out to sydney . i hope everyone gets to safety . xx -cass one direction
i honestly feel like crying . this genuinely breaks my heart .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours (from
is over as hostages flee scene and assist - live updates pic : getty
from a group of about half the hostages fleed , antagonizing monis who began to shoot , so then they stormed
cnn : 2 killed , 3 in serious condition as lindt cafe hostage siege ends in gunfire in sydney
sydney cafe hostage situation over after 16 + hours , police say
proud of wat the police /rescue team did even tho shots wre fired !! thank god it's over ! hope everyone is in a stable condition
i honestly feel like crying . this genuinely breaks my heart .
thoughts prayers to everyone directly indirectly involved in . frightening , horrifying , devastating
is over as hostages flee scene and assist - live updates pic : getty
police in australia say the sydney cafe seige is over - after 16 hours
cnn : 2 killed , 3 in serious condition as lindt cafe hostage siege ends in gunfire in sydney
police storm sydney siege cafe thank goodness its over but true fate of those inside awaited
proud of wat the police /rescue team did even tho shots wre fired !! thank god it's over ! hope everyone is in a stable condition
fw : security forces storm sydney hostage cafe
thoughts prayers to everyone directly indirectly involved in . frightening , horrifying , devastating
another terror attack in sydney , australia ..in saalo ko kutte ki mot dena chahiye ..sala motherfuckers
police in australia say the sydney cafe seige is over - after 16 hours
police say is over . my thoughts are with everyone involved with this horrible event and their families .
police storm sydney siege cafe thank goodness its over but true fate of those inside awaited
what happened in sydney is so sad . this is terrorism ( which has no religion ) extremism is never a good thing , in any religion or believe
fw : security forces storm sydney hostage cafe
interesting the suspected sydney hostage taker is a ;bspiritual/b healer ; with a long rap sheet
another terror attack in sydney , australia ..in saalo ko kutte ki mot dena chahiye ..sala motherfuckers
the guardian reports the sydney siege is over . police stormed the cafe , hostages ran out . no clear info yet on injuries or the hostage-taker
police say is over . my thoughts are with everyone involved with this horrible event and their families .
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe - abc news
what happened in sydney is so sad . this is terrorism ( which has no religion ) extremism is never a good thing , in any religion or believe
massive applause for the way that police dealt with the sydney siege , an amazing team .
interesting the suspected sydney hostage taker is a ;bspiritual/b healer ; with a long rap sheet
a ray of light emerged from sydney today : (update: is now over )
the guardian reports the sydney siege is over . police stormed the cafe , hostages ran out . no clear info yet on injuries or the hostage-taker
thoughts and prayers with everyone involved with and their families and friends .
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe - abc news
fair play with the hashtag after the .what a great country .any violence against individuals is wrong .
massive applause for the way that police dealt with the sydney siege , an amazing team .
is overand lets focus on the bright side all of them are safe and sound and we found the best humanity logo
a ray of light emerged from sydney today : (update: is now over )
what a horrible situation in sydney . my thoughts are with all those involved . please let's love each other .
thoughts and prayers with everyone involved with and their families and friends .
disgusted at the selfies outside the lindt cafe . wouldnt be doing that if it was their family trapped inside !
fair play with the hashtag after the .what a great country .any violence against individuals is wrong .
interesting - these australian social media reactions to the are perfect
is overand lets focus on the bright side all of them are safe and sound and we found the best humanity logo
the amount of australians still awake right now (3:06am in sydney ) is a true representation of how great our country is .
what a horrible situation in sydney . my thoughts are with all those involved . please let's love each other .
sydney siege . 2 dead , 5 seriously wounded as australia anti-terror units storm cafe in chaotic procedure .
disgusted at the selfies outside the lindt cafe . wouldnt be doing that if it was their family trapped inside !
the police are currently checking the building for explosives there have been no confirmed reports on the state of hostages or the gunman
interesting - these australian social media reactions to the are perfect
the movement is the best possible response to hatred and . i love you .
the amount of australians still awake right now (3:06am in sydney ) is a true representation of how great our country is .
17 hrs later , the is over , saddened that it even happened to begin with . i'll be holding my loved ones even closer tonight !!
sydney siege . 2 dead , 5 seriously wounded as australia anti-terror units storm cafe in chaotic procedure .
sheer irresponsibility of press during a wake up call . and opportunists like adl and other 'dl' were clearly inciters
the police are currently checking the building for explosives there have been no confirmed reports on the state of hostages or the gunman
the tweets that started that hostage hashtag might be the biggest of all time
the movement is the best possible response to hatred and . i love you .
about 7 -8 ran out , then they decided to storm the cafe and end it . a few taken to hospital though . no word on the gunman yet .
17 hrs later , the is over , saddened that it even happened to begin with . i'll be holding my loved ones even closer tonight !!
surely , the incident will massively influence australian immigration policies going forward .
sheer irresponsibility of press during a wake up call . and opportunists like adl and other 'dl' were clearly inciters
truth : concealed carry may have saved lives in sydney .
the tweets that started that hostage hashtag might be the biggest of all time
aus govt must give explanation 2 its citizens that how d hell that terrorist got the asylym with criminal background
about 7 -8 ran out , then they decided to storm the cafe and end it . a few taken to hospital though . no word on the gunman yet .
what we know about the gunman who held people hostage in sydney - via
surely , the incident will massively influence australian immigration policies going forward .
heartbroken over what's happened in sydney
truth : concealed carry may have saved lives in sydney .
police bomb squad now searching building after comes to an end .
aus govt must give explanation 2 its citizens that how d hell that terrorist got the asylym with criminal background
this just proves we need to take a good hard look at criminal records . this freak should not have been on the streets .
what we know about the gunman who held people hostage in sydney - via
well i truly hope that there are 49 virgins waiting for that crazy in sydney . glad its over
police bomb squad now searching building after comes to an end .
hey .. anyone travelling in the city circle tram 11 am tomorrow towards swanston street in melbourne cbd cheers
this just proves we need to take a good hard look at criminal records . this freak should not have been on the streets .
look at what i just retweeted - apparently one shot may have been the gunman
well i truly hope that there are 49 virgins waiting for that crazy in sydney . glad its over
australian jewish community under lockdown
the footage from sydney is insane and distressing . this world has gone crazy
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney caf vi
hey .. anyone travelling in the city circle tram 11 am tomorrow towards swanston street in melbourne cbd cheers
my sister was meant to be working near the sydney siege today . so scary !
look at what i just retweeted - apparently one shot may have been the gunman
it's like a scene in a movie . still can't believe how real this is .
australian jewish community under lockdown
nailed it mt statement posted online by man haron monis , suspect in hostage situation
my sister was meant to be working near the sydney siege today . so scary !
i'm actually so happy the sydney hostage attack is finally over . props to the police for raiding the place and saving everyone .
it's like a scene in a movie . still can't believe how real this is .
glad to hear is over . thoughts are with those injured , and with my australian friends
nailed it mt statement posted online by man haron monis , suspect in hostage situation
the hostage situation in sydney is over according to nsw police . police did enter the cafe w / what appears be flash grenades .
glad hearing the news that the hostage situation in sydney is over
breaking : the is over , say police (via
i'm actually so happy the sydney hostage attack is finally over . props to the police for raiding the place and saving everyone .
shame those idiots taking selfies outside the lindt cafe in sydney weren't actually held up inside . the complete pricks .
glad to hear is over . thoughts are with those injured , and with my australian friends
i hear the is finally over . i hope they lock the hostage takers away for a long time .
the hostage situation in sydney is over according to nsw police . police did enter the cafe w / what appears be flash grenades .
good to know we aren't the only country where attention whores invoke an image of a scary religion while hiding behind women
breaking : the is over , say police (via
i should have learned my lesson from yesterday , got into
shame those idiots taking selfies outside the lindt cafe in sydney weren't actually held up inside . the complete pricks .
video - sydney police storm cafe , ending the hostage crisis
i hear the is finally over . i hope they lock the hostage takers away for a long time .
hopefully those so keen to second guess and criticise armed police operations will study carefully the scenes from sydney .
good to know we aren't the only country where attention whores invoke an image of a scary religion while hiding behind women
i'm sorry for the suffering and tragedy . it pains me , even though an undead rotter , to see this stuff happen .
i should have learned my lesson from yesterday , got into
sounds like it's over , but it sounds like it got hairy at the end with shots fired i hope everyone got out okay
video - sydney police storm cafe , ending the hostage crisis
praying all innocent lives were spared as was ended . blessings and peace to all in sydney
hopefully those so keen to second guess and criticise armed police operations will study carefully the scenes from sydney .
ji after we immediately want u 2 bring back rest f d laws can wait plz help me trend this
i'm sorry for the suffering and tragedy . it pains me , even though an undead rotter , to see this stuff happen .
ap photo shows hostages run to safety . man on the right seems to be indian techie viswakanth ankireddy .
sounds like it's over , but it sounds like it got hairy at the end with shots fired i hope everyone got out okay
so terrorists took over a sydney cafe they sure choose interesting targets
praying all innocent lives were spared as was ended . blessings and peace to all in sydney
gunman identified as iranian . terrorists shall better be referred as psychopaths than as muslims .
ji after we immediately want u 2 bring back rest f d laws can wait plz help me trend this
the siege's ended , 3 people dead 1 including the gunman
ap photo shows hostages run to safety . man on the right seems to be indian techie viswakanth ankireddy .
how spread acrosss australia in response to via
so terrorists took over a sydney cafe they sure choose interesting targets
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney
gunman identified as iranian . terrorists shall better be referred as psychopaths than as muslims .
sydney siege : police storm cafe in dramatic end to hostage standoff : australian security force
the siege's ended , 3 people dead 1 including the gunman
prayers go out to the victims of the and the brave police involved .
how spread acrosss australia in response to via
thoughts go out to those who are being held hostage in lindt cafe , sydney
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney
16 hour standoff in is over . two deaths have been reported .
sydney siege : police storm cafe in dramatic end to hostage standoff : australian security force
please god please let all these victims be okay my heart breaks for sydney australia
prayers go out to the victims of the and the brave police involved .
sad world we live with 2 hostages dead and 3 in critical condition . its over after 17 hours
please god please let all these victims be okay my heart breaks for sydney australia
not to be hysterical , but we've known this for years : australia's jihadist problem bigger than sydney hostage crisis
sad world we live with 2 hostages dead and 3 in critical condition . its over after 17 hours
cnbcnow : breaking : police say the hostage situation in the sydney cafe has ended .
sydney hostage siege over after police storm cafe | nbc new york via
it's weird seeing new tweets in my feed and they're completely removed from what is going on in sydney .
not to be hysterical , but we've known this for years : australia's jihadist problem bigger than sydney hostage crisis
people are fleeing a hostage situation in sydney so decides to jack up the prices to a $100 minimum ? reprehensible !
it's weird seeing new tweets in my feed and they're completely removed from what is going on in sydney .
here's the critical moment : : hostages flee cafe , cops move in - nbc
watch : police storm sydney cafe via
i hope the families of the 2 people who died in this horrible event are fine and the injured people get well soon !
people are fleeing a hostage situation in sydney so decides to jack up the prices to a $100 minimum ? reprehensible !
people went to work and others went to get a coffee , after 17 hours this has all come to a devastating end
police storm cafe to rescue | epoch times
-- siege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn .
here's the critical moment : : hostages flee cafe , cops move in - nbc
several hostages injured but coulda been a whole lot worse . all credit to the aussie special services
i hope the families of the 2 people who died in this horrible event are fine and the injured people get well soon !
suspect man haron monis , iranian political asylum , on bail for his involvement in the death of his wife
people went to work and others went to get a coffee , after 17 hours this has all come to a devastating end
thank you for retweeting all the sydney siege tweets . it kept me up to date !
several hostages injured but coulda been a whole lot worse . all credit to the aussie special services
no news on the offender but by the looks of it i say he is dead !
suspect man haron monis , iranian political asylum , on bail for his involvement in the death of his wife
has been out for 3 days already how the fuck are you finding that tweeting about that is more important than the
thank you for retweeting all the sydney siege tweets . it kept me up to date !
new contract . sydney leroux . it's good to be dom dwyer .
jihadi siege in sydney ends in gunfight via
have handled this professionally . not basing reports on assumptions . well done !
no news on the offender but by the looks of it i say he is dead !
suspect faced charges including harassing families of australia troops (convicted) and complicity in killing his ex-wife
has been out for 3 days already how the fuck are you finding that tweeting about that is more important than the
it is related , terrorism is religious , and all religions are responsible for such stupidity ,
new contract . sydney leroux . it's good to be dom dwyer .
just in : police confirmed monday that the sydney hostage situation at a martin p
have handled this professionally . not basing reports on assumptions . well done !
hostages flee from sydney cafe - confirm siege over , details still unfolding
suspect faced charges including harassing families of australia troops (convicted) and complicity in killing his ex-wife
tells us that we shouldn't take our life for granted . hope none of us ever has to face this ! scary
it is related , terrorism is religious , and all religions are responsible for such stupidity ,
sounds like the gunman opened fire on a hostage , then the cops stormed the joint . nothing confirmed . don't take my word for it .
just in : police confirmed monday that the sydney hostage situation at a martin p
i'm in melbourne but sydney is not far away and it truly scares me ! i'm deeply saddened too !
hostages flee from sydney cafe - confirm siege over , details still unfolding
confusing and conflicting reports coming out of sydney . please don't retweet speculation - let's wait for an official report
tells us that we shouldn't take our life for granted . hope none of us ever has to face this ! scary
news : sydney hostage siege : timeline of the key moments
sounds like the gunman opened fire on a hostage , then the cops stormed the joint . nothing confirmed . don't take my word for it .
r heavy gunfire heard as police storm cafe
i'm in melbourne but sydney is not far away and it truly scares me ! i'm deeply saddened too !
sydney seige is over , hope everyone made it out alive
confusing and conflicting reports coming out of sydney . please don't retweet speculation - let's wait for an official report
australian police storm sydney cafe ending 16 -hour hostage crisis ; 2 reportedly killed .from
news : sydney hostage siege : timeline of the key moments
gutless aussie pols waited too long in the . they had clear shots at monis , didn't greenlight snipers . now hostages are injured .
r heavy gunfire heard as police storm cafe
police say gunman killed ex-wife , other family members before barricading himself in a home near philadelphia
sydney seige is over , hope everyone made it out alive
just saw the news ! so glad everyone got out ! way to go sydney police on handling that horrible situation !
gutless aussie pols waited too long in the . they had clear shots at monis , didn't greenlight snipers . now hostages are injured .
but whatever it is , thank god it has ended . but everyone is still unaware of the situation there . hope everyone's okay !
police say gunman killed ex-wife , other family members before barricading himself in a home near philadelphia
was man monis a fake to incite hatred ? like these guys
just saw the news ! so glad everyone got out ! way to go sydney police on handling that horrible situation !
looking forward to hearing about how the lindt cafe sydney was located on the wrong side of history .
police have identified man haron monis as gunman in hostage crisis . more details here :
watch : police storm sydney cafe
but whatever it is , thank god it has ended . but everyone is still unaware of the situation there . hope everyone's okay !
so upsetting to hear about how many hostages were held in the
was man monis a fake to incite hatred ? like these guys
camera's capture the moment police storm sydney cafe after hostages flee
looking forward to hearing about how the lindt cafe sydney was located on the wrong side of history .
philadelphia police surround gunman suspected of shooting 5
watch : police storm sydney cafe
meanwhile in sydney , let me get a cup of coffee for today's rush . 10 seconds later , oh sh *t am a terrorist hostage . life changes quickly
so upsetting to hear about how many hostages were held in the
just hearing about all the stuff now . because no one should be living in fear , we are all human !
camera's capture the moment police storm sydney cafe after hostages flee
is over ! thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected
philadelphia police surround gunman suspected of shooting 5
ends hope all hostages are safe !
meanwhile in sydney , let me get a cup of coffee for today's rush . 10 seconds later , oh sh *t am a terrorist hostage . life changes quickly
2 people reported dead after the hostage situation in sydney . this world is so messed up .
just hearing about all the stuff now . because no one should be living in fear , we are all human !
sydney i love you all of you , this is the perfect sentiment
is over ! thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected
after doing all that shit the sydney gunman still got bail ?!!!
2 people reported dead after the hostage situation in sydney . this world is so messed up .
just in : police confirm that hostage taker mon haron monis has been kiled in fire fight with police .
sydney i love you all of you , this is the perfect sentiment
police storm sydney cafe ending 16 -hour hostage terror
after doing all that shit the sydney gunman still got bail ?!!!
sydney siege dramatic stuff at the climax just hope hostages taken away not seriously hurt - awaiting final police briefing
cops end sydney hostage siege aftr 16 hrs
now cathy novak from cnn affiliate in nsw reported that she can't confirm if the gunman is dead or not but he is neutralized
just in : police confirm that hostage taker mon haron monis has been kiled in fire fight with police .
naija campus gossip more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been
now cathy novak from cnn affiliate in nsw reported that she can't confirm if the gunman is dead or not but he is neutralized
stop thanking suss sydney you twats the siege is fuckinn over
naija campus gossip more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been
as an australian - iranian would just like to say the gunman is neither . he is simply an arsehole .
sydney u /d: after 16 hours hostage situation is now over , at least 2 dead , 3 injured , status of gunman unknown at least 1 officer injured .
awful ! hope all the hostages survived .. very sad
update : 2 dead ; sydney cafe 'siege is over '
is every 1 safe ?r live : sydney hostage crisis over ; infosys employee safely evacuated | via
as an australian - iranian would just like to say the gunman is neither . he is simply an arsehole .
police storm sydney cafe where gunman holds hostages
awful ! hope all the hostages survived .. very sad
just logged on twitter to see updates about . glad it's over .
is every 1 safe ?r live : sydney hostage crisis over ; infosys employee safely evacuated | via
the past hour has been absolutely terrifying on all levels
police storm sydney cafe where gunman holds hostages
thoughts and prayers go out to families who lost their loved ones . .
just logged on twitter to see updates about . glad it's over .
five dead in pennsylvania shooting , suspect barricaded : police say a gunman is suspected of shooting and killi
the past hour has been absolutely terrifying on all levels
r breaking freedhostage bornehigh w /c.4 paramedicteamsonscene
diversity co-ordinators to sydney cafe stat !
the siege in sydney has ended violently . live updates on
thoughts and prayers go out to families who lost their loved ones . .
is now over with two casualties . hostage has been freed .
five dead in pennsylvania shooting , suspect barricaded : police say a gunman is suspected of shooting and killi
update : hostage taker in sydney martin place siege named by australian police as iranian refugee man haron monis
r breaking freedhostage bornehigh w /c.4 paramedicteamsonscene
sydney siege live : video shows the moment heavily armed police officers enter building
is now over with two casualties . hostage has been freed .
siege : storm cafe in dramatic end to standoff - dec 15 am et
sydney siege live : video shows the moment heavily armed police officers enter building
oh me oh mygunman in sydney was iranian ?! this is embarrassing
sydney siege live : video shows the moment heavily armed police officers entered building
gunman is iranian refugee with a criminal past
siege : storm cafe in dramatic end to standoff - dec 15 am et
two dead as siege ends at sydney cafe : reports (sent from headlines )
oh me oh mygunman in sydney was iranian ?! this is embarrassing
sydney siege live : video shows the moment heavily armed police officers enter building : shocking video shows t
gunman is iranian refugee with a criminal past
unconfirmed accounts popping up on twitter of two hostages fatally injured please think of families of hostages before tweeting
two dead as siege ends at sydney cafe : reports (sent from headlines )
gunshots at sydney hostage scene is finally over ! thoughts prayers 2 the injured tramatized
sydney siege live : video shows the moment heavily armed police officers entered building : shocking video shows
atm the police sends robots in the buildingto search for possible bombs .the fate of the hostage-taker is still unknown .#sydneysiege
sydney siege live : video shows the moment heavily armed police officers enter building : shocking video shows t
great job so glad it's over . my heart breaks for all those involved .
unconfirmed accounts popping up on twitter of two hostages fatally injured please think of families of hostages before tweeting
updated : hostage situation ends in sydney
gunshots at sydney hostage scene is finally over ! thoughts prayers 2 the injured tramatized
in the news : sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis : sydney , australia , dec 15, 201
atm the police sends robots in the buildingto search for possible bombs .the fate of the hostage-taker is still unknown .#sydneysiege
lots of conflicting reports as to status of people involved in the - please only tweet confirmed facts
great job so glad it's over . my heart breaks for all those involved .
long live asha .aman is hopefully dead by now . !!
updated : hostage situation ends in sydney
doesn't matter now that he's dead but if i know aussie law as well as i think i do the gunman could gave been looking at a boot to the arse .
in the news : sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis : sydney , australia , dec 15, 201
sydney siege over . 16 hours and still police havent identify the people behind it .
lots of conflicting reports as to status of people involved in the - please only tweet confirmed facts
prayers out to those in sydney xoxo very , very sad
long live asha .aman is hopefully dead by now . !!
uber's surge pricing near siege in sydney sparks outrage - nbc
doesn't matter now that he's dead but if i know aussie law as well as i think i do the gunman could gave been looking at a boot to the arse .
sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis : sydney , australia , dec 15, 2014 / 08 :01 am (cna/ewtn
sydney siege over . 16 hours and still police havent identify the people behind it .
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney team follow back
prayers out to those in sydney xoxo very , very sad
is over . 2 confirms dead and 3 in serious condition
uber's surge pricing near siege in sydney sparks outrage - nbc
dickhead any comments about team islam ?
sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis : sydney , australia , dec 15, 2014 / 08 :01 am (cna/ewtn
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . teamfollowback
is over . 2 confirms dead and 3 in serious condition
police trying to work out if there is an explosive device in the backpack the gunman was wearing
dickhead any comments about team islam ?
are you talking about sydney siege ?
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . teamfollowback
2014 . we never learn from history re extremists this is siege of sydney street 1911 ended by police too
police trying to work out if there is an explosive device in the backpack the gunman was wearing
armed forces moved inside lindt cafe and thereby violated the human rights of the terrorists
2014 . we never learn from history re extremists this is siege of sydney street 1911 ended by police too
india has always been vulnerable from terrorisms and not much has changed after 26 /11.
breaking : police say sydney cafe hostage situation overhostages liberated , islamic terrorist killed
coin ! lecoincanard : coin ! rahatjobayar : condemn the as a . a salute to d ppl for their courage n moral
armed forces moved inside lindt cafe and thereby violated the human rights of the terrorists
i've been watching the on and off since 3 am that ending was crazy
: storm sydney cafe , free hostages , two dead -
seems belgium had an incident of their own . not similar to sydney but gunmen stormed an apartment .
india has always been vulnerable from terrorisms and not much has changed after 26 /11.
it made me sick to my stomach to hear about the i really hope no one innocent got hurt badly .
coin ! lecoincanard : coin ! rahatjobayar : condemn the as a . a salute to d ppl for their courage n moral
tweet about sydney you little shit i am sobbing
i've been watching the on and off since 3 am that ending was crazy
i'm impressed with the sydney police (and tag if that's who ended up doing the storming ), but waiting for comment from rainbow six .
seems belgium had an incident of their own . not similar to sydney but gunmen stormed an apartment .
they need to learn from the idf how to do that correctly lol .
it made me sick to my stomach to hear about the i really hope no one innocent got hurt badly .
so proud of how sydney has reacted with . undivided , supportive , no bullshit from thugs .
tweet about sydney you little shit i am sobbing
gunman is an iranian refugee who has history of criminal activity .
they need to learn from the idf how to do that correctly lol .
hostages freed as sydney police subdue terrorist : after 15 hours , police launched assault to
so proud of how sydney has reacted with . undivided , supportive , no bullshit from thugs .
now that indian sw hostage is free , he can go and fill in his timesheet
gunman is an iranian refugee who has history of criminal activity .
why are people debating gunmen's motives ? he put up an islamic flag whilst he took people hostage . his motivation is clear
hostages freed as sydney police subdue terrorist : after 15 hours , police launched assault to
someone call the grammar police on . the police have declared . not the police has declared .
now that indian sw hostage is free , he can go and fill in his timesheet
15 th of december will forever be remembered as a very scary and emotional day for australians the hostages are in our hearts
why are people debating gunmen's motives ? he put up an islamic flag whilst he took people hostage . his motivation is clear
there's currently a terrorist attack happening in sydney ??
hostages freed as sydney police subdue terrorist : after 15 hours , police launched assault to fre
the indian it professional , who was among the hostages in a sydney cafe , came out safe and he is ok : father ishwar reddy .
someone call the grammar police on . the police have declared . not the police has declared .
i'm glad the has ended , but very worried for the injured hostages . will wait to form opinions until more facts are released .
15 th of december will forever be remembered as a very scary and emotional day for australians the hostages are in our hearts
got damn seeing these sydney hostages news give me the goosebumps
the indian it professional , who was among the hostages in a sydney cafe , came out safe and he is ok : father ishwar reddy .
ambulance now driving away from as ends .
i'm glad the has ended , but very worried for the injured hostages . will wait to form opinions until more facts are released .
don't understand why all the focus is on this man's religion ?if he was white we know he would be just branded as mentally ill
got damn seeing these sydney hostages news give me the goosebumps
so far i have seen no mention at all of sydney muzzie siege on drudge report . what gives with that ?
so what's the situation in sydney like
police sources say one hostage has been killed : 2 ue says .
ambulance now driving away from as ends .
aapne aaj australia ki news dekhi jo sydney m ho rha tha .
don't understand why all the focus is on this man's religion ?if he was white we know he would be just branded as mentally ill
stay safe , sydney . love , manila . creative studio
so far i have seen no mention at all of sydney muzzie siege on drudge report . what gives with that ?
2 dead unconfirmed that gunman one of them
police sources say one hostage has been killed : 2 ue says .
sydney lindt cafe siege live : police confirm the 17 hour siege has ended
stay safe , sydney . love , manila . creative studio
praying that all the hostages in sydney are okay now that the siege has come to an end .
2 dead unconfirmed that gunman one of them
quite surprised 5 sos haven't tweeted about sydney
sydney lindt cafe siege live : police confirm the 17 hour siege has ended
my mom asked my what was happening in sydney but i said nothing because i knew she'd just watch sky news instead of doing the food shopping
act of terrorism ? isis ? sydney ? what ?
update : gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead
praying that all the hostages in sydney are okay now that the siege has come to an end .
since 1990 'ies, when hostage taker also arrived to , many fakes !
my mom asked my what was happening in sydney but i said nothing because i knew she'd just watch sky news instead of doing the food shopping
what a harrowing experience for d hostages in that sydney cafe . sad it ended tragically . god be w / them
update : gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead
thoughts are with all the victims ; their families and the residents of syndney , australia at this time .
since 1990 'ies, when hostage taker also arrived to , many fakes !
unconfirmed reports 2 people killed and at least 3 others injured in
harry tweeted about sydney . yet none of 5 trash tweeted about sydney .
either hostages made decision to escape or hostage taker became so agitated that it escalated .#sydneysiege
what a harrowing experience for d hostages in that sydney cafe . sad it ended tragically . god be w / them
a disarmed society is a vulnerable society sydney situation is sad , but if nutjob tried it in texas they'd have been shot dead hours ago
thoughts are with all the victims ; their families and the residents of syndney , australia at this time .
our legal system has a lot of explaining to do , for allowing someone with that history to be out amongst the public
unconfirmed reports 2 people killed and at least 3 others injured in
at the same time as went on , a lone gunman in shot five ppl .no crazy jihadist there though , so no big headlines .
either hostages made decision to escape or hostage taker became so agitated that it escalated .#sydneysiege
it's over medics take injured aft security forces stormed cafe
a disarmed society is a vulnerable society sydney situation is sad , but if nutjob tried it in texas they'd have been shot dead hours ago
religious fundamentalism has caused terror in sydney here , prayers isn't what they need right now .
our legal system has a lot of explaining to do , for allowing someone with that history to be out amongst the public
times like this make me appreciate life even more then i do already . thoughts go out to the families .
at the same time as went on , a lone gunman in shot five ppl .no crazy jihadist there though , so no big headlines .
luckily everythings ok now in sydney
it's over medics take injured aft security forces stormed cafe
my thoughts and prayers go out to all the people involved in the and their friends and family xx
religious fundamentalism has caused terror in sydney here , prayers isn't what they need right now .
what's happening in sydney is so horrible i cant believe humans could do that to other humans :-(
times like this make me appreciate life even more then i do already . thoughts go out to the families .
reports : shooting spree leaves up to 5 dead in philly suburbs ; gunman barricaded in the home :
my thoughts and prayers go out to all the people involved in the and their friends and family xx
now drag his stinking putrid corpse out and feed the festering dirty terrorist nonce to the sharks !
what's happening in sydney is so horrible i cant believe humans could do that to other humans :-(
our india media was orgasming over because they got a chance to skip news on shami witness , the real deal .
reports : shooting spree leaves up to 5 dead in philly suburbs ; gunman barricaded in the home :
great response to the act of terrorism in australia
the drama in sydney ended . thanks god
everyone in australia is definitely not . don't know if you know about the but the country is in shock
now drag his stinking putrid corpse out and feed the festering dirty terrorist nonce to the sharks !
wat happened to the guy who held ppl hostage ? has he been caught ?
our india media was orgasming over because they got a chance to skip news on shami witness , the real deal .
i am defiantly praying for those who are effected by the issue in sydney , i hope everyone will be okay and this situation is cleared up -t
everyone in australia is definitely not . don't know if you know about the but the country is in shock
the guy was booked for being accessory to his ex-wife's murder . this guy obviously had some problems
wat happened to the guy who held ppl hostage ? has he been caught ?
outcome in sydney can have been far worse as explosive charges were planted by nutjob condolences prayers for the hostage victims
i am defiantly praying for those who are effected by the issue in sydney , i hope everyone will be okay and this situation is cleared up -t
video : the moment police storm cafe at centre of
sydney cafe siege : australia police storm building : heavily armed police have stormed a cafe in sydney where a
buying chocolate has taken another turn ! who would have thunk !
the guy was booked for being accessory to his ex-wife's murder . this guy obviously had some problems
today , australia has lost its innocence .
outcome in sydney can have been far worse as explosive charges were planted by nutjob condolences prayers for the hostage victims
is over - official from police nsw police 22 m22 minutes ago sydney siege is over . more details to follow .
buying chocolate has taken another turn ! who would have thunk !
look for telegraph australia reporter , for a 4 pm et interivew on for siege :
today , australia has lost its innocence .
heart goes out to the people of . what a terrible thing to happen just before the holiday season .
is over - official from police nsw police 22 m22 minutes ago sydney siege is over . more details to follow .
the is finally over , sleep well knowing u are loved
look for telegraph australia reporter , for a 4 pm et interivew on for siege :
super 2 x7 matrix :the ultimate forced matrix gutierrezsimbang gabi
heart goes out to the people of . what a terrible thing to happen just before the holiday season .
i dint want to take away from this tragedy , but pretty sure the para on the left is brodie .
the is finally over , sleep well knowing u are loved
now what r u trying to prove not relate it to religion got it !
thank godsiege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn .
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn affil
super 2 x7 matrix :the ultimate forced matrix gutierrezsimbang gabi
the gunman was one of two people killed in according to
i dint want to take away from this tragedy , but pretty sure the para on the left is brodie .
16 hr hostage situation in sydney . this is why i take a book with me everywhere .
now what r u trying to prove not relate it to religion got it !
bbc must love ed miliband . i turned on radio 5 live to hear about hostages in sydney , but they were busy talking about th labour party leader
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn affil
wasn't able to hear it . i instead was watching live coverage of the sydney siege
the gunman was one of two people killed in according to
i love 5 sos to death but they could at least say somethin about what's happening in sydney right now considering it's their hometown and all
bbc must love ed miliband . i turned on radio 5 live to hear about hostages in sydney , but they were busy talking about th labour party leader
update : 2 people reported dead , 3 in serious condition following sydney cafe hostage situation .
wasn't able to hear it . i instead was watching live coverage of the sydney siege
wsj , cnn , sky , etc which are posting pics mixed reports on injuries , etc
i love 5 sos to death but they could at least say somethin about what's happening in sydney right now considering it's their hometown and all
shock and anger for what i have just seen unfold live in sydney . pointless hate !! please pray for the innocent injured .
why is our us media giving so much attention to sydney when we have enough problems here at home ?
breaking : australian news outlets are reporting the gunman is one of the 2 people killed following gunfire in
update : 2 people reported dead , 3 in serious condition following sydney cafe hostage situation .
123 action sydney siege hostage demands - part 2 :
wsj , cnn , sky , etc which are posting pics mixed reports on injuries , etc
over dear dad of 'infosys employee ' is free !
shock and anger for what i have just seen unfold live in sydney . pointless hate !! please pray for the innocent injured .
i had a bit of hope about this until i found out who it was . i wont be able to sleep until i know his status .
breaking : australian news outlets are reporting the gunman is one of the 2 people killed following gunfire in
thank goodness , the siege is over .i just hope they are all right .#illridewithyou#sydneysiege
123 action sydney siege hostage demands - part 2 :
remaining hostages flee as tactical police storm sydney cafe : -
over dear dad of 'infosys employee ' is free !
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe with stun
i had a bit of hope about this until i found out who it was . i wont be able to sleep until i know his status .
watching live about sydney hostage . oh god oh god
thank goodness , the siege is over .i just hope they are all right .#illridewithyou#sydneysiege
even with people spread all over the world ,it gives me hope that ultimately people support each other (h)
remaining hostages flee as tactical police storm sydney cafe : -
omfg can they not see whats happened in sydney ffs
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe with stun
i'm so glad the situation in sydney is over . hope everyone got out alive
even with people spread all over the world ,it gives me hope that ultimately people support each other (h)
ends sadly just as i predicted . gunman killed , no reports of any explosive devices .
omfg can they not see whats happened in sydney ffs
it's good you're doing that the is over now ~ check +
i'm so glad the situation in sydney is over . hope everyone got out alive
is a reality if muslims cant reform their religion , world may have to see more
this video from sydney literally shows police firing into the building in sydney , hostages fleeing
waiting for to weigh in on .cuzcuzthey're the world's police this obv has something 2 do w / . /sarcasm
ends sadly just as i predicted . gunman killed , no reports of any explosive devices .
hostages run from sydney cafe | the australian
it's good you're doing that the is over now ~ check +
this doesn't belong to islam he belong sico clinc
is a reality if muslims cant reform their religion , world may have to see more
now u want to come out talkin shit ! cuz of the stupid tifo ! why didnt u tell the idiots who celebrated with sydney to stop ?
waiting for to weigh in on .cuzcuzthey're the world's police this obv has something 2 do w / . /sarcasm
so the sydney thing ended . i imagine the guy surrendered by waving a blue flag , no wait , a white flag .
this doesn't belong to islam he belong sico clinc
hope all the hostages got out safe of the sydney cafe
now u want to come out talkin shit ! cuz of the stupid tifo ! why didnt u tell the idiots who celebrated with sydney to stop ?
police storm cafe ending 16 -hour hostage crisis - 2 reportedly killed - jerusalem post
so the sydney thing ended . i imagine the guy surrendered by waving a blue flag , no wait , a white flag .
questions remain : gunfire erupted early tuesday as police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had been holding hostages .
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe with stun grenades - abc news via
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16 hours is man haron monis ,
police storm cafe ending 16 -hour hostage crisis - 2 reportedly killed - jerusalem post
i'm very glad the sydney siege is over and i hope everyone stays save , healthy , and well .
questions remain : gunfire erupted early tuesday as police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had been holding hostages .
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after sydneysiege , 7 news reports
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 16 hours is man haron monis ,
sydneysiege now over , innocent people killedwhen where will the next attack bethe likes of choudry need removing forcibly
more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held hostage by a gunman .
strikes again ! intros surge pricing during sydney hostage siege , then backtracks after user outcry :
i'm very glad the sydney siege is over and i hope everyone stays save , healthy , and well .
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , 7 news reports
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after sydneysiege , 7 news reports
sky news thinks the flashes inside building = camera flashes ?! flashbangs people ! i swear the uk is getting stupider .
sydneysiege now over , innocent people killedwhen where will the next attack bethe likes of choudry need removing forcibly
praying for the ppl that died in sydney smh
strikes again ! intros surge pricing during sydney hostage siege , then backtracks after user outcry :
'#sydneysiege is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene ' (via -
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , 7 news reports
thank you god save for all 40 people in sydney cafe .
sky news thinks the flashes inside building = camera flashes ?! flashbangs people ! i swear the uk is getting stupider .
i know sydney is a big place and you're fine , but just checking you're all fine as i still have the receipts for your presents !
praying for the ppl that died in sydney smh
was only a matter of time for , the warnings to were there , but what can you do ? got to live life
'#sydneysiege is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene ' (via -
don't know why they're giving this muslim extremist so much credit calling it when he only took over a small cafe
thank you god save for all 40 people in sydney cafe .
i'm so glad for those in the hostage attack in sydney have been rescued !
i know sydney is a big place and you're fine , but just checking you're all fine as i still have the receipts for your presents !
full video : isis forces sydney siege hostages to speak on demands ! via
was only a matter of time for , the warnings to were there , but what can you do ? got to live life
the news about the attacks in sydney makes me so sad
don't know why they're giving this muslim extremist so much credit calling it when he only took over a small cafe
as the world has eyes on sydney , another hostage situation erupts in europe
i'm so glad for those in the hostage attack in sydney have been rescued !
you misunderstood everything ! all the guy wanted was some chocolate
full video : isis forces sydney siege hostages to speak on demands ! via
thoughts go out to the family's involved in the
the news about the attacks in sydney makes me so sad
with this hashtags i immediately think of 5 sos ' parents .
as the world has eyes on sydney , another hostage situation erupts in europe
happy to come home to hear the is over sad though that some pepole died prayers to all
you misunderstood everything ! all the guy wanted was some chocolate
uber quadruples fares during sydney hostage crisis , later backtracks
thoughts go out to the family's involved in the
video of the police assault teams piling in to the lindt cafe in sydney , gunfire , flash bangs :
with this hashtags i immediately think of 5 sos ' parents .
: state of gunman currently unknown , reports he shot at one least one host
happy to come home to hear the is over sad though that some pepole died prayers to all
praying for hostages and their families in sydney . such a horrible situation .
uber quadruples fares during sydney hostage crisis , later backtracks
one of the two dead in is the hostage-taker .
video of the police assault teams piling in to the lindt cafe in sydney , gunfire , flash bangs :
following news stories on twitter whilst watching live news shows just how slow and behind and are
: state of gunman currently unknown , reports he shot at one least one host
: several hostages have been taken to sydney hospitals , including royal pr
praying for hostages and their families in sydney . such a horrible situation .
some reports say gunman has been killed ; some say two hostages have been killed , many injured . a clear picture is yet to emerge
one of the two dead in is the hostage-taker .
sean penn taking a page from neeson's book with the gunman .
following news stories on twitter whilst watching live news shows just how slow and behind and are
glad that the is over . saddened by the deaths and injuries . praying for the families of everyone effected .
: several hostages have been taken to sydney hospitals , including royal pr
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other injured and in serious after , 7 news
some reports say gunman has been killed ; some say two hostages have been killed , many injured . a clear picture is yet to emerge
god be with everyone in sydney right now
sean penn taking a page from neeson's book with the gunman .
absolutely unbelievable scenes from sydney . so frightening when those things come close to home
glad that the is over . saddened by the deaths and injuries . praying for the families of everyone effected .
im going to find an aussie where i live say sorry to them for wats going on in sydney because it has nothing to do with them .
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other injured and in serious after , 7 news
infy employee held hostage in sydney is safe
absolutely unbelievable scenes from sydney . so frightening when those things come close to home
australia standoff appears over . gunshots . people being taken out of cafe on stretchers via
im going to find an aussie where i live say sorry to them for wats going on in sydney because it has nothing to do with them .
thank god it's all over
infy employee held hostage in sydney is safe
glad to hear is over . to all the affected families .
sydney siege over , 2 reported dead . hope 1 of those was the sick bastard that did this .
lots of details coming on the culprit in . seems to have done many attention seeking activities earlier too .
australia standoff appears over . gunshots . people being taken out of cafe on stretchers via
no further news of the ramain hostages and hostage taker currently . waiting for police report ~
thank god it's all over
sydney gunman id'd as out-on-bail muslim cleric
glad to hear is over . to all the affected families .
scummy bastard hope he's blown to shreds
lots of details coming on the culprit in . seems to have done many attention seeking activities earlier too .
cannot get over whats happened in sydney , honestly surreal
no further news of the ramain hostages and hostage taker currently . waiting for police report ~
sydney siege : the moment police stormed and hostages fled
sydney gunman id'd as out-on-bail muslim cleric
sky news is reporting two dead (including gunman ), 4 injured (3 critically ), one of the injured a police officer .
scummy bastard hope he's blown to shreds
if anyone was actually planning to bomb sydney what would they tell white people ? yall are snitches tf
cannot get over whats happened in sydney , honestly surreal
shots fired . geddit ? probably too soon .
sydney siege : the moment police stormed and hostages fled
thank you sydney for the defense and justin for the inspiration
sky news is reporting two dead (including gunman ), 4 injured (3 critically ), one of the injured a police officer .
there is this whole sydney siege thing going on you find it okay to just promote your new fucking album
if anyone was actually planning to bomb sydney what would they tell white people ? yall are snitches tf
hostages appear in videos relaying terrorist demands (censored by msm /youtube): via
shots fired . geddit ? probably too soon .
even iran had enough of this guy and kicked him out of the country . so australia took him in
thank you sydney for the defense and justin for the inspiration
very proud to be australian with the concept . pls keep trending it and pray for sydney
there is this whole sydney siege thing going on you find it okay to just promote your new fucking album
relieved is over , but a sad , sad day for my hometown . thoughts to all affected by this tragedy .
hostages appear in videos relaying terrorist demands (censored by msm /youtube): via
this guy seemed like the worst kind of human being . better to quickly forget his name and his legacy , and focus on the good .
even iran had enough of this guy and kicked him out of the country . so australia took him in
fairplay to the police in sydney , absolutely smashed it
very proud to be australian with the concept . pls keep trending it and pray for sydney
12 pm : cloudy 3.3 c - - wind : nnw 46 km /h gusts to 63 km /h - bar : 100.7 kpa ^ - hum : 92 %
relieved is over , but a sad , sad day for my hometown . thoughts to all affected by this tragedy .
thanks to the i rejected the chocolate sent to me by my side chick bitch i know you want to hold me hostage .
this guy seemed like the worst kind of human being . better to quickly forget his name and his legacy , and focus on the good .
new details : number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear
fairplay to the police in sydney , absolutely smashed it
sydney siege ends as police storm site - error
12 pm : cloudy 3.3 c - - wind : nnw 46 km /h gusts to 63 km /h - bar : 100.7 kpa ^ - hum : 92 %
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney c
thanks to the i rejected the chocolate sent to me by my side chick bitch i know you want to hold me hostage .
as a muslim man i feel discusted that someone would take inocent people as hostage in the name of islam . this guy is idiot
new details : number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear
i heard that the is over . is it true guys ??? is everyone ok ??
sydney siege ends as police storm site - error
when are we going to learn that muslim assholes use islam to empower them being assholes ?
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney c
goodnight i hope people in sydney get through this tough time . all my prayers !
as a muslim man i feel discusted that someone would take inocent people as hostage in the name of islam . this guy is idiot
and after filling his time sheet , the indian sw engineer can go and send status report to his offshore manager .
i heard that the is over . is it true guys ??? is everyone ok ??
thank you hunny :-) 3 xo it ended just after 2 am sydney time . police stormed cafe with stun grenades and live amunition
when are we going to learn that muslim assholes use islam to empower them being assholes ?
sydney siege ends as police storm as hostages run out and provide support to injured
goodnight i hope people in sydney get through this tough time . all my prayers !
police now confirming to media the hostage taker 'sheikh haron ' killed in exchange of fire with police .
and after filling his time sheet , the indian sw engineer can go and send status report to his offshore manager .
sydney siege is plain atrocity . any form of hurting anyone on purpose for that matter of fact is freaking mindless !!!!!!!!!
thank you hunny :-) 3 xo it ended just after 2 am sydney time . police stormed cafe with stun grenades and live amunition
sorry us aussies were too busy watching sydney have a hostage situation for 17 hours !!!!!!!
sydney siege ends as police storm as hostages run out and provide support to injured
so far up your selves you dont have care in the world about what is going on in your original home sydney
police now confirming to media the hostage taker 'sheikh haron ' killed in exchange of fire with police .
..see hoping praying doesn't workthe however .kick ass !!
sorry us aussies were too busy watching sydney have a hostage situation for 17 hours !!!!!!!
super 2 x7 matrix :the ultimate forced matrix
so far up your selves you dont have care in the world about what is going on in your original home sydney
hostage dead lefties want us to 1 st worry about being nice to moslems get yr damn priorities straight
..see hoping praying doesn't workthe however .kick ass !!
sydney : video captures dramatic moment when police stormed cafe to end hostage situation
16 hours later , police say the sydney siege is over
crisis over after storm cafe - dec 15 am et
super 2 x7 matrix :the ultimate forced matrix
great response to tragic events overnight . that should be how we roll . have a great day sydney
hostage dead lefties want us to 1 st worry about being nice to moslems get yr damn priorities straight
how else did this think this was going to end ..
sydney : video captures dramatic moment when police stormed cafe to end hostage situation
once the gunman shot a hostage i suspect situation changed dramatically .
crisis over after storm cafe - dec 15 am et
tv channels in australia more patriotic than their counterparts in india ? vs (2008)
great response to tragic events overnight . that should be how we roll . have a great day sydney
sydney siege over : social media speculation remains in overdrive after hostage drama : onlookers must respect b
how else did this think this was going to end ..
tragic end to with 2 dead 3 seriously ill . my heart goes out to their family and friends .
once the gunman shot a hostage i suspect situation changed dramatically .
if we've learned anything today , it's not to trust a man named 'man'. oh , also that life is horrifying .
tv channels in australia more patriotic than their counterparts in india ? vs (2008)
me too . i just read gunman is dead 4 hostages injured 3 are critically injured .
sydney siege over : social media speculation remains in overdrive after hostage drama : onlookers must respect b
is over but the impact of this will keep growing . hope that we're always blessed w healthy mind , great level tolerance respect
tragic end to with 2 dead 3 seriously ill . my heart goes out to their family and friends .
terror attack condemnable .down with .its an act of cowardice . let the world stand together fight enemies of humanity .
if we've learned anything today , it's not to trust a man named 'man'. oh , also that life is horrifying .
i really hope something like the sydney siege never happens again .
me too . i just read gunman is dead 4 hostages injured 3 are critically injured .
i shed a tear reading all of these horrible news about the , my thoughts go out to the family and friends of all the victims .
is over but the impact of this will keep growing . hope that we're always blessed w healthy mind , great level tolerance respect
my home screen for the week . prayers up , blessings down for homeland .
terror attack condemnable .down with .its an act of cowardice . let the world stand together fight enemies of humanity .
something in sydney happend but i don't know what
i shed a tear reading all of these horrible news about the , my thoughts go out to the family and friends of all the victims .
police storm sydney cafe : we will never be able to prevent lone actors from doing things li
my home screen for the week . prayers up , blessings down for homeland .
thoughts with the hostages in sydney , what a terrible ordeal for them their families . much respect for the australian emergency services x
something in sydney happend but i don't know what
i'm in tears knowing that 2 innocent people have had their lives come to an end whilst 3 others are in serious conditions
my hearts and prayers go out to those affected by the sydney hostage crisis .
has ended . i can't understand what islamic flag is for
police storm sydney cafe : we will never be able to prevent lone actors from doing things li
it's honestly terrifying that this could just happen in a city like sydney
thoughts with the hostages in sydney , what a terrible ordeal for them their families . much respect for the australian emergency services x
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours via
i'm in tears knowing that 2 innocent people have had their lives come to an end whilst 3 others are in serious conditions
forgot to mention about the sydney , siege
has ended . i can't understand what islamic flag is for
so sick ! hard to keep up . the most likely seems gunman and 1 hostage dead . 3 others critical just sickening .
it's honestly terrifying that this could just happen in a city like sydney
i remember how ends with with just one sane ex-pnp . how can pnp deal with crazy muslim gunman ?
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours via
mt hostage taker wanted to send offensive letters to families of dead british soldiers
forgot to mention about the sydney , siege
lol nearly every issue is being compared to with shaky reasoning . has anyone said we had a hand in sydney yet ?
so sick ! hard to keep up . the most likely seems gunman and 1 hostage dead . 3 others critical just sickening .
its over finally . hope everyone is okay .
i remember how ends with with just one sane ex-pnp . how can pnp deal with crazy muslim gunman ?
gunman accessory to murder of ex-wife , facing 40 sex assault charges , sent offensive letters to soldiers
mt hostage taker wanted to send offensive letters to families of dead british soldiers
finally it's over . thank god . prayers rule !
lol nearly every issue is being compared to with shaky reasoning . has anyone said we had a hand in sydney yet ?
2 dead in hostage situation in sydney . so sad . prayers to the families and loved ones .
its over finally . hope everyone is okay .
trailer - sean penn , javier bardem , and idris elba star in the gunman
gunman accessory to murder of ex-wife , facing 40 sex assault charges , sent offensive letters to soldiers
glad that siege is over . was it religious attack ?
finally it's over . thank god . prayers rule !
abbot doesnt wanna say that mossad-styled attack occured in
2 dead in hostage situation in sydney . so sad . prayers to the families and loved ones .
i suspect the sydney terrorist committed the crimes after he heard of rectal feedings being done by cia .
trailer - sean penn , javier bardem , and idris elba star in the gunman
watch : police storm lindt cafe in sydney , ending hostage crisis ; two dead
glad that siege is over . was it religious attack ?
just as i posted my last tweet , the gunman was apparently killed , glad it's over , hope everyone made it out 3
abbot doesnt wanna say that mossad-styled attack occured in
if you're allowing radical clerics into a western type society , you're asking for trouble . you vote for them , they let them in .
i suspect the sydney terrorist committed the crimes after he heard of rectal feedings being done by cia .
just curious if you are caught in a hostage situation like in sydney ? who are you gonna call ?
watch : police storm lindt cafe in sydney , ending hostage crisis ; two dead
suspect in sydney standoff known to police via
just as i posted my last tweet , the gunman was apparently killed , glad it's over , hope everyone made it out 3
ends . 2 dead 3 seriously wounded . all liberal democratic countries are a target for these lunatics
if you're allowing radical clerics into a western type society , you're asking for trouble . you vote for them , they let them in .
sydney siege over :gunman killed ,2hostages dead ,3 injured muslims condemn it !
just curious if you are caught in a hostage situation like in sydney ? who are you gonna call ?
compare how media and police reacted during and during /11mumbai
suspect in sydney standoff known to police via
completely irresponsible reporting by what's with the horror movie soundtrack in this report ?
ends . 2 dead 3 seriously wounded . all liberal democratic countries are a target for these lunatics
rip to the innocent life lost . rot in hell man haron monis ..
sydney siege over :gunman killed ,2hostages dead ,3 injured muslims condemn it !
ayie , uk company . did you see australia sending army to rescue hostages ? good do let the kenya police do their job ..
compare how media and police reacted during and during /11mumbai
just trying to get out of 40 charges of sexual assault i think . reckon he's chasing 72 virgins now
completely irresponsible reporting by what's with the horror movie soundtrack in this report ?
can we stop showing hostages faces giving this terrorist a voice and public name ? its what he wanted and why people are dead
rip to the innocent life lost . rot in hell man haron monis ..
sydney siege gunman named as man haron monis - telegraph
ayie , uk company . did you see australia sending army to rescue hostages ? good do let the kenya police do their job ..
update : sydney hostages : police raid downtown cafe via
just trying to get out of 40 charges of sexual assault i think . reckon he's chasing 72 virgins now
i don't live in sydney , i live in melbourne . but seeing this happen to fellow australians breaks my heart . just makes me anxious .
can we stop showing hostages faces giving this terrorist a voice and public name ? its what he wanted and why people are dead
we know one thing : sydney police ended this . no evidence for existence of 'gods', let alone their involvement in anything .
sydney siege gunman named as man haron monis - telegraph
con't : is reporting 2 dead (1is gunman ) after police storm sydney cafe in martin place , 3 others reported critical
update : sydney hostages : police raid downtown cafe via
it . is . over . 16 hours later . well done handled well .
i don't live in sydney , i live in melbourne . but seeing this happen to fellow australians breaks my heart . just makes me anxious .
gunman photo released : police negotiation with assailant continues in sydney siege
we know one thing : sydney police ended this . no evidence for existence of 'gods', let alone their involvement in anything .
mt i'm doxxing only female black hostages from sydney //#chuckcjohnsonpoopedonthefloor
it . is . over . 16 hours later . well done handled well .
escalated to determination that threat was so imminent requires tactical response .#sydneysiege
gunman photo released : police negotiation with assailant continues in sydney siege
infosys employee viswakanth ankireddy freed from lindt cafe .
cops storm sydney cafe where held
videographer - filming , film , video : wiggle honda - sydney , nsw - melbourne , v
escalated to determination that threat was so imminent requires tactical response .#sydneysiege
the gunman is dead . sex charges , charged with murdering his wife , evil letters to bereaved families .
infosys employee viswakanth ankireddy freed from lindt cafe .
what was the cunt doing being out on bail ?#illridewithyou lindt australians aussies
videographer - filming , film , video : wiggle honda - sydney , nsw - melbourne , v
my thoughts and prayers are with the people of after this horrifying ordeal .
the gunman is dead . sex charges , charged with murdering his wife , evil letters to bereaved families .
surge during the sydney hostage crisis . no good reason
what was the cunt doing being out on bail ?#illridewithyou lindt australians aussies
ooh shocker , another muslim terrorist in the sydney standoff . same manifesto as was foiled earlier , public beheadings
my thoughts and prayers are with the people of after this horrifying ordeal .
the gun man was out on bail for murder charges . you give pigs bail this is what happens . well done to our law systems .
surge during the sydney hostage crisis . no good reason
2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , 7 news reports
ooh shocker , another muslim terrorist in the sydney standoff . same manifesto as was foiled earlier , public beheadings
police still showing concern about the possibility of an explosive device in the gunman's backpack . bomb gear on .
i can't believe this actually happened here in sydney unbelievable
so sad to see so many people tweeting about how many who has been killed . show some respect .
the gun man was out on bail for murder charges . you give pigs bail this is what happens . well done to our law systems .
gunfire as sydney siege appears over | the weekly standard :
2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , 7 news reports
the sydney siege is over . here is what we do and do not know
police still showing concern about the possibility of an explosive device in the gunman's backpack . bomb gear on .
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after sydney siege , 7 news reports
so sad to see so many people tweeting about how many who has been killed . show some respect .
fighters don't wear this type of turban . leaders do wear . man behind haron monis
gunfire as sydney siege appears over | the weekly standard :
going to sleep with a heavy heart but an eased mind that it's over
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after sydney siege , 7 news reports
damon albarn cancels his sydney opera house show as the cbd siege continues via
fighters don't wear this type of turban . leaders do wear . man behind haron monis
terrorist apparently forgot his isis flag b4 starting ! isis recruits losers like this ? pray for his victims .
going to sleep with a heavy heart but an eased mind that it's over
damn , deaths by cardiac arrest , hope those weren't the result of the stun grenades
we pray for the safe release of hostages held in sydney australiawe pray for the safe release of all hostages
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe where man haron monis held hostages via
damon albarn cancels his sydney opera house show as the cbd siege continues via
sydney cafe siege over | 24 news | financial express :: financial newspaper of bangladesh via
terrorist apparently forgot his isis flag b4 starting ! isis recruits losers like this ? pray for his victims .
the hashtag trending worldwide gives me faith in humanity . my prayers to all victims .
damn , deaths by cardiac arrest , hope those weren't the result of the stun grenades
lord please let the rest of the hostages come out safe . amen .
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe where man haron monis held hostages via
of the three that were seriously injured it includes one police officer
sydney cafe siege over | 24 news | financial express :: financial newspaper of bangladesh via
police confirm end of siege at a sydney cafe where an armed man held 30 + people hostage , two people reportedly killed
the hashtag trending worldwide gives me faith in humanity . my prayers to all victims .
breaking news : sydney cafe siege over , australia police storm building
lord please let the rest of the hostages come out safe . amen .
: siege is over as police storm cafe to free hostages
of the three that were seriously injured it includes one police officer
im seeing you next year at the sydney show :)
police confirm end of siege at a sydney cafe where an armed man held 30 + people hostage , two people reportedly killed
deep condolences to 2 victims who death bc of stay strong for their fams x
breaking news : sydney cafe siege over , australia police storm building
haha alright . thank god its over but the gunman ..
: siege is over as police storm cafe to free hostages
unreal footage from the just pure madness .
deep condolences to 2 victims who death bc of stay strong for their fams x
after nearly 18 hours , is over . reports say 2 dead , 3 injured
haha alright . thank god its over but the gunman ..
r police storm lindt cafe , noise of gunfire and explosions
unreal footage from the just pure madness .
warning may be upsetting : more pics of taken fleeing from violent end in
[cnn] source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly
wow looking at the video playback of the end of the that is intense
after nearly 18 hours , is over . reports say 2 dead , 3 injured
the age profiles the sydney hostage taker , haron monis -
r police storm lindt cafe , noise of gunfire and explosions
the new zealand daily also did . these lazy bastards were just checking the hashtag
warning may be upsetting : more pics of taken fleeing from violent end in
hostage situation in sydney over as police storm the cafe . no word on causalities among the hostages .
wow looking at the video playback of the end of the that is intense
the sydney siege has kept me on edge all day
the age profiles the sydney hostage taker , haron monis -
much respect oz securuty forces !! get the fuck in there !!!
the new zealand daily also did . these lazy bastards were just checking the hashtag
prayers to the victims and theirs families ! wishes to police strike force !!
much respect oz securuty forces !! get the fuck in there !!!
if u were a terrorist why would u choose lindt chocolate cafe for your big operation !
prayers to the victims and theirs families ! wishes to police strike force !!
donald trump : democrats are 'enemies of our country ' for releasing cia torture report
that was intense seeing that happen live . hopefully those injured hostages and police are ok
is your surge pricing automated or was it a mistake ?r uber's surge pricing around
if u were a terrorist why would u choose lindt chocolate cafe for your big operation !
hearing some shocking news from our local paper nothing yet from australia press hope its not true
donald trump : democrats are 'enemies of our country ' for releasing cia torture report
2 dead , 3 injured - not known whether one of those is the gunman .
is your surge pricing automated or was it a mistake ?r uber's surge pricing around
this isn't about just that . it's about all australians , particularly those in sydney supporting each other in a horrifying time
this thing that's going on in sydney , does it not make you stop and think and what type of world we live in
uber starts , stops surge pricing during hostage crisis in australia -
hearing some shocking news from our local paper nothing yet from australia press hope its not true
excellent news out of australia . the is over , police are reporting . thoughts and prayers with everyone involved .
2 dead , 3 injured - not known whether one of those is the gunman .
they no longer broadcasting it live , only latest updates , ts up ?
this isn't about just that . it's about all australians , particularly those in sydney supporting each other in a horrifying time
lets be gentle and kind to each other in the coming days
uber starts , stops surge pricing during hostage crisis in australia -
i tear up watching the news because i can't imagine what those hostages are going through psychologically and physically .
excellent news out of australia . the is over , police are reporting . thoughts and prayers with everyone involved .
sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis
they no longer broadcasting it live , only latest updates , ts up ?
saya suka video this video terror of sydney australia - the hostages escape
lets be gentle and kind to each other in the coming days
more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held ff :
i tear up watching the news because i can't imagine what those hostages are going through psychologically and physically .
hate 2 2 ndguess the syney police but whydidnt they just snipe the guy instead of going in gunsblazing ?
sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe f ff :
saya suka video this video terror of sydney australia - the hostages escape
so , a refugee commits a terror crime in the country that offered him asylum . if you hate a land , why did you move there ?
more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held ff :
unfortunately these things will keep on happening . this poisonous religion and culture is harboured by an over-liberal society
hate 2 2 ndguess the syney police but whydidnt they just snipe the guy instead of going in gunsblazing ?
gunman dead . one hostage appears to have been killed . 4 seriously injured - 1 at st vincent's ; 3 at rpa .
so , a refugee commits a terror crime in the country that offered him asylum . if you hate a land , why did you move there ?
i hope none of the hostages were still in the building when the police went him .
unfortunately these things will keep on happening . this poisonous religion and culture is harboured by an over-liberal society
i agree . they are psychos . they have made this world a disturbed place . but wasn't terror strike .
gunman dead . one hostage appears to have been killed . 4 seriously injured - 1 at st vincent's ; 3 at rpa .
fox reports 2 hostages may be dead in sydney raid on isis nut job while obama is disarming the cia . brilliant !
so shocked about what is happening in sydney
the moment police storm the lindt cafe
i hope none of the hostages were still in the building when the police went him .
i've actually been listening to updates of the siege in sydney ..
i agree . they are psychos . they have made this world a disturbed place . but wasn't terror strike .
sydney cafe hostage situation over after 16 + hours , police say via
fox reports 2 hostages may be dead in sydney raid on isis nut job while obama is disarming the cia . brilliant !
sydney gunman id'd as out-on-bail 'sexual predator ' via
the moment police storm the lindt cafe
all thoughts are with the people of sydney ! hoping for the best news possible !
i've actually been listening to updates of the siege in sydney ..
where do you get the casualty info ? have not released anything .#sydneysiege
sydney cafe hostage situation over after 16 + hours , police say via
imnwatching the sydney attack ofc im still up
sydney gunman id'd as out-on-bail 'sexual predator ' via
sounds like go time - good luck dealing with another nutter
all thoughts are with the people of sydney ! hoping for the best news possible !
reports of casualties are still unconfirmed ! stop saying that deaths and injuries have been confirmed - think about it !
where do you get the casualty info ? have not released anything .#sydneysiege
sydney seige : police storm cafe
imnwatching the sydney attack ofc im still up
good morning just checking and the other sport channels and nope still nothing on sydney , might want to change the channel .
sounds like go time - good luck dealing with another nutter
clergy unite in interfaith prayer during - proud to read that we unite in the face of intolerance , sad it takes tragedy
reports of casualties are still unconfirmed ! stop saying that deaths and injuries have been confirmed - think about it !
update : gunman identified ; hostage situation over in sydney , australia . via
sydney seige : police storm cafe
people already trying to profit from a horrible ordeal . they should be shut down .
good morning just checking and the other sport channels and nope still nothing on sydney , might want to change the channel .
just saw video of the sydney gunfire last hour . shocking and visceral stuff . the gunfire literally lit up the night . wow ..
clergy unite in interfaith prayer during - proud to read that we unite in the face of intolerance , sad it takes tragedy
that fact that innocent people were hostages , it's disgusting honestly .
update : gunman identified ; hostage situation over in sydney , australia . via
| 2 dead , one of them could be the gunman - australian news 7
people already trying to profit from a horrible ordeal . they should be shut down .
well played australian police , hope all hostages are ok
just saw video of the sydney gunfire last hour . shocking and visceral stuff . the gunfire literally lit up the night . wow ..
rss : sydney gunman identified as iranian-born man haron monis , on bail for violent crimes
that fact that innocent people were hostages , it's disgusting honestly .
ok first there was a siege in sydney and now there's a mass shooting in philadelphia
| 2 dead , one of them could be the gunman - australian news 7
where gives ones , who can't call fundamentalists so , a tight slap . among the best on :
well played australian police , hope all hostages are ok
thank you people of sydney and australia for being with the muslim people sure .
rss : sydney gunman identified as iranian-born man haron monis , on bail for violent crimes
unconfirmed reports 2 people killed and at least 3 others injured in sydney siege
ok first there was a siege in sydney and now there's a mass shooting in philadelphia
suspect in sydney hostage identified as muslim man haron monis
where gives ones , who can't call fundamentalists so , a tight slap . among the best on :
police have confirmed that the sydney siege is now over . follow for more :
unconfirmed reports 2 people killed and at least 3 others injured in sydney siege
has finally ended , but sadly two lives lost . :( what a sad day .
suspect in sydney hostage identified as muslim man haron monis
man monis was on bail charged with organising the murder of his ex wife sexual assault while working as a 'spiritual healer '.
police have confirmed that the sydney siege is now over . follow for more :
7, cnn telegraph (uk) reporting two dead .
what about those 2 other bombs in sydney ??
breaking : gunman reportedly dead following police raid on
has finally ended , but sadly two lives lost . :( what a sad day .
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe (sent from headlines )indio gun control
man monis was on bail charged with organising the murder of his ex wife sexual assault while working as a 'spiritual healer '.
media reporting multiple victims at all providing bits and piecesshocked , saddened but praying hard for all
7, cnn telegraph (uk) reporting two dead .
so pleased the hostages got out alive . thoughts are with you sydney .
breaking : gunman reportedly dead following police raid on
i'm glad its over thoughts are with the family's x
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe (sent from headlines )indio gun control
that page stinks !! so i keep off !
media reporting multiple victims at all providing bits and piecesshocked , saddened but praying hard for all
- yeah they had to kill him once they went in - the called it over soon after and gunman hasnt come out
so pleased the hostages got out alive . thoughts are with you sydney .
google sydney hostage situation lol
i'm glad its over thoughts are with the family's x
may all be safe and my heartful thanks to the security , media , people of sydney . god bless .
that page stinks !! so i keep off !
watch the dramatic moment heavily armed police stormed the lindt chocolate cafe
- yeah they had to kill him once they went in - the called it over soon after and gunman hasnt come out
a muslim gunman bringing a country /city to hold , creates massive fear and global attention is
google sydney hostage situation lol
coming up at 830 a - has ended . at least 2 people dead , following 16 hour standoff at
may all be safe and my heartful thanks to the security , media , people of sydney . god bless .
sydney siege is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene
watch the dramatic moment heavily armed police stormed the lindt chocolate cafe
no , don't thank god it's over , thank the brilliant work of the australian police it's over .they're the heroes .
a muslim gunman bringing a country /city to hold , creates massive fear and global attention is
more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held ff : gospelgee
coming up at 830 a - has ended . at least 2 people dead , following 16 hour standoff at
not penalising all muslims but scenes like the ones we're seeing in sydney makes people worried scared of muslims
sydney siege is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene
what were australians doing in a cafe anyway ? were all the pubs full ?
no , don't thank god it's over , thank the brilliant work of the australian police it's over .they're the heroes .
please god don't let the boys or their families be in sydney on new years
more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held ff : gospelgee
police confirm hostage taker sheikh haron killed in gunfire during raid by police , total number of deaths unknown
not penalising all muslims but scenes like the ones we're seeing in sydney makes people worried scared of muslims
god bless the australian forces police for standing against islamic terror .
what were australians doing in a cafe anyway ? were all the pubs full ?
please show some concern and sympathy for what just happened in sydney . it is far more important .
please god don't let the boys or their families be in sydney on new years
dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe
police confirm hostage taker sheikh haron killed in gunfire during raid by police , total number of deaths unknown
where is the hostage with the dark blue top with white circles ? she was holding up the flag
god bless the australian forces police for standing against islamic terror .
unconfirmed reports 2 dead , 3 in a serious condition .
please show some concern and sympathy for what just happened in sydney . it is far more important .
thank god . not to the god of religion of peace .#sydneysiege
where is the hostage with the dark blue top with white circles ? she was holding up the flag
i hope all my mates down under are doing alright after the horrific
unconfirmed reports 2 dead , 3 in a serious condition .
the is over !!! reports of multiple shots fired . hope and prayers everyone involved .
thank god . not to the god of religion of peace .#sydneysiege
wow . is now saying the islamic man in sydney who took hostages is hindu . she's definitely crazy .
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe where man haron monis held hostages - nbc
situations like sydney should always be handled by sf imo , that's not bashing the police but they just are not up to the same standard .
i hope all my mates down under are doing alright after the horrific
can't believe the bbc keeps questioning the the motives of the iranian gunman ? quran will give you the answers
the is over !!! reports of multiple shots fired . hope and prayers everyone involved .
terrible what's happened in sydney today . thoughts with the dead and surviving hostages , and their families and friends .
wow . is now saying the islamic man in sydney who took hostages is hindu . she's definitely crazy .
a tweet cant express how lucky and proud i feel to be australian . our police did an extraordinary job in keeping us safe today
situations like sydney should always be handled by sf imo , that's not bashing the police but they just are not up to the same standard .
why was this enemy not dealt with in the past he is unstable so much for the criminal sisters in sydney
can't believe the bbc keeps questioning the the motives of the iranian gunman ? quran will give you the answers
not planned entry or ideal scenario , but for the sake of families , let's keep conjecture about casualties to min until official
terrible what's happened in sydney today . thoughts with the dead and surviving hostages , and their families and friends .
breaking : police say the hostage situation in the sydney cafe has ended . rt
a tweet cant express how lucky and proud i feel to be australian . our police did an extraordinary job in keeping us safe today
this is truly so sad and so heartbreaking , rip to the people who lost their lives :(
why was this enemy not dealt with in the past he is unstable so much for the criminal sisters in sydney
all the hostages in are free and the gunman had been apprahended . as far as i know noone was seriously injured
not planned entry or ideal scenario , but for the sake of families , let's keep conjecture about casualties to min until official
springs from . words to live by . good on ya , australia !
breaking : police say the hostage situation in the sydney cafe has ended . rt
sarah hanson young will be tabling a mourning motion in the senate mourning the deserved death of terrorist at
this is truly so sad and so heartbreaking , rip to the people who lost their lives :(
terror has no religion ; kabirpanthi baba rampal well i told hinduism is cancer
all the hostages in are free and the gunman had been apprahended . as far as i know noone was seriously injured
tht - police say sydney cafe hostage situation over
springs from . words to live by . good on ya , australia !
tht - police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
sarah hanson young will be tabling a mourning motion in the senate mourning the deserved death of terrorist at
sydney hostage crisis another sign for for islamic reformation . how many signs will you deny ?
terror has no religion ; kabirpanthi baba rampal well i told hinduism is cancer
one presumes prime minister tony abbott will be holding a news conference soon ?
tht - police say sydney cafe hostage situation over
sydney news 9 live coverage - what happened to all the ppl elsewhere in the building told many hrs ago to go to the top floor to be safer ?
tht - police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
i have been good , and i heard what happend in sydney . please stay safe x
sydney hostage crisis another sign for for islamic reformation . how many signs will you deny ?
16 hours of ends , . moves on safely . wonderful work by glad
one presumes prime minister tony abbott will be holding a news conference soon ?
this is so sad , all my prayers for the families and hostages
sydney news 9 live coverage - what happened to all the ppl elsewhere in the building told many hrs ago to go to the top floor to be safer ?
more : police say no shots fired inside building where suspected gunman barricaded after killing 5 in pa
i have been good , and i heard what happend in sydney . please stay safe x
hope all the people in the are okay im glad its over
16 hours of ends , . moves on safely . wonderful work by glad
sydney hostage siege is now over
this is so sad , all my prayers for the families and hostages
2 people given cpr (unknown if hostages or not ). gunshots heard . bomb disposal robot sent in
more : police say no shots fired inside building where suspected gunman barricaded after killing 5 in pa
im actually so scared of living in sydney rn i maybe from the western side of it but this is so close to me and its just surreal !
hope all the people in the are okay im glad its over
sickening that the gunman was on bail for more than 40 sexual offences . he should have been locked up and brutally tortured years ago .
2 people given cpr (unknown if hostages or not ). gunshots heard . bomb disposal robot sent in
we'll have live rolling coverage with the very latest from on this morning
im actually so scared of living in sydney rn i maybe from the western side of it but this is so close to me and its just surreal !
sending positive thoughts to everyone affected by the especially those directly involved . this stuff always shocks me
sickening that the gunman was on bail for more than 40 sexual offences . he should have been locked up and brutally tortured years ago .
both indian hostages are safe and secure including an techie .
i hope people understand quickly that this siege was about man haron monis , and not islam .
repetitive strain injury | sciatica | podiatry treatment : do you know unhealthy lifestyle leads to headache
we'll have live rolling coverage with the very latest from on this morning
i seriously can't believe the person behind this horrible event , why hurt innocent people . i am disgusted by their actions
sending positive thoughts to everyone affected by the especially those directly involved . this stuff always shocks me
unfortunately in this world is many people with the same stupid ideology of this bastard i
both indian hostages are safe and secure including an techie .
attack in belgian parliament and seize of a cafe in , . friends in australia are you all safe ?
repetitive strain injury | sciatica | podiatry treatment : do you know unhealthy lifestyle leads to headache
i'm so glad the is over , although i'm still sickened that it even started . this world can be a horrible place .
i seriously can't believe the person behind this horrible event , why hurt innocent people . i am disgusted by their actions
identified as imam at sydney with criminal record finally proved his intent to harm the contry
unfortunately in this world is many people with the same stupid ideology of this bastard i
sydney rn kinda looks like the time i was gonna get arrested for flipping a cop whilst drunk
attack in belgian parliament and seize of a cafe in , . friends in australia are you all safe ?
after a full 16 hours of patience shock . dont forget to be there for everyone around you in need .
i'm so glad the is over , although i'm still sickened that it even started . this world can be a horrible place .
rip to the ppl who died in sydney
identified as imam at sydney with criminal record finally proved his intent to harm the contry
any news on the status of the hostage taker ?
sydney rn kinda looks like the time i was gonna get arrested for flipping a cop whilst drunk
suspected hostage taker in was no stranger to authorities .
after a full 16 hours of patience shock . dont forget to be there for everyone around you in need .
sydney gunman identified as man haron monis , charged with 40 sexual offences , via
rip to the ppl who died in sydney
siege ends : police storm cafe where man haron monis held hostages via
any news on the status of the hostage taker ?
..i am glad this crisis is over .# sydney is a great city and i would advise people to see australia before your die
suspected hostage taker in was no stranger to authorities .
cops cafe hostage situation is ovr
siege ends : police storm cafe where man haron monis held hostages via
heart goes out to those who died to those who witnessed this traumatic event this is a dark time for us hope all is well soon
..i am glad this crisis is over .# sydney is a great city and i would advise people to see australia before your die
at least 2 people appear to be injured in situation as swarm in - dec 15 am et
cops cafe hostage situation is ovr
the teddy bear in the cafe was not harmed because it smelled like bacon
so devastating what happened in sydney
prayers for all involved especially the families who lost loved ones . :(
heart goes out to those who died to those who witnessed this traumatic event this is a dark time for us hope all is well soon
is finally over . may you unrest in hell .
at least 2 people appear to be injured in situation as swarm in - dec 15 am et
sydney cafe hostages : armed police storm cafe to release hostages
the teddy bear in the cafe was not harmed because it smelled like bacon
i hope the armed police unloaded on him .#fnarfnar
prayers for all involved especially the families who lost loved ones . :(
2 dead , 3 seriously injured inc . police officer , reports channel 7 from
is finally over . may you unrest in hell .
are you so far up your own asses you can't take one second to acknowledge what's happening in sydney , your home soil , right now
sydney cafe hostages : armed police storm cafe to release hostages
cnn reporting three dead , including the gunman .
i hope the armed police unloaded on him .#fnarfnar
sydney siege - police storm building after shots fired loud band : via
2 dead , 3 seriously injured inc . police officer , reports channel 7 from
rt : siege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn .
are you so far up your own asses you can't take one second to acknowledge what's happening in sydney , your home soil , right now
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe : gunman had taken control of cafe in sydney , seizing an unknown number of
cnn reporting three dead , including the gunman .
siege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn . *get more from cnn international *
sydney siege - police storm building after shots fired loud band : via
this guy was allowed out on bail charged with accessory to his former wife's murder and known to have a radical pro-isis blog
rt : siege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn .
paramedics seen resuscitating at least one person after raid on the sydney cafe (via
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe : gunman had taken control of cafe in sydney , seizing an unknown number of
my thoughts and prayers are after the horrible events . thank god it's over :-(
siege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn . *get more from cnn international *
our thoughts this morning go out to . sending positive thoughts for safety to prevail .
this guy was allowed out on bail charged with accessory to his former wife's murder and known to have a radical pro-isis blog
wonder if anyone got killed when the police stormed that sydney cafe
paramedics seen resuscitating at least one person after raid on the sydney cafe (via
the hostages in sydney are over , couldn't be more relieved . thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the two who didn't survive .
my thoughts and prayers are after the horrible events . thank god it's over :-(
sydney siege : the west faces growing threat of 'small scale , lone
our thoughts this morning go out to . sending positive thoughts for safety to prevail .
no known connection between sydney suspect and any potential plot in the us , according to cbs citing a law enforcement source
wonder if anyone got killed when the police stormed that sydney cafe
hostage takers like in sydney are the scud missiles of isis , low tech , low smarts , don't know where they will land
sydney siege : the west faces growing threat of 'small scale , lone
good , it's over . hearing that 2 are dead . (not confirmed ) certainly hope the gunman is one of them .
no known connection between sydney suspect and any potential plot in the us , according to cbs citing a law enforcement source
the glass was too thick - police already ruled that out .
hostage takers like in sydney are the scud missiles of isis , low tech , low smarts , don't know where they will land
sydney hostages : police raid downtown cafe - cbs news
siege is over . -- lindt cafe hostage drama in martin place , sydney : day two |
sydney siege : sky and bbc behind france 24, who stated 15 minutes ago that 2 were dead , as well as the 4 injured .
good , it's over . hearing that 2 are dead . (not confirmed ) certainly hope the gunman is one of them .
let's hope all the hostages got out safe . that 30 second fire-fight didn't sound good .
the glass was too thick - police already ruled that out .
.my brother there (ch 7 ) - gunman dead , hostage dead , 3 hostages critically injured , 1 tr police injured .
sydney hostages : police raid downtown cafe - cbs news
austrailian 'terrorist' was an iranian shia sex maniac on bail with mental issues ..
sydney siege : sky and bbc behind france 24, who stated 15 minutes ago that 2 were dead , as well as the 4 injured .
australian hostage taker named as man haron monis (live blog )
let's hope all the hostages got out safe . that 30 second fire-fight didn't sound good .
another look at flashbang going off . police have not commented on injuries .
austrailian 'terrorist' was an iranian shia sex maniac on bail with mental issues ..
new video added : police storm lindt cafe in sydney (full video ) - .org
australian hostage taker named as man haron monis (live blog )
rip to the two innocent people who lost their lives today during the sydney siege . it's disgusting that anyone would feel the need to kill -
another look at flashbang going off . police have not commented on injuries .
: touching !. hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after
: over 16 hours later , 2 dead , 3 seriously injured after police storm building
glad to hear the is over . thinking of those that survived and those that tragically lost their lives .
new video added : police storm lindt cafe in sydney (full video ) - .org
personal feelings of safety when i enter the city won't be the same , but yes i can see your point of sydney as en entirety
rip to the two innocent people who lost their lives today during the sydney siege . it's disgusting that anyone would feel the need to kill -
it just shows you life is just too short for any of this who's next
: touching !. hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after
let it be known to everyone that the terrorist failed . he failed , just as he was meant to .
glad to hear the is over . thinking of those that survived and those that tragically lost their lives .
religion of peace strikes again in sydney .
personal feelings of safety when i enter the city won't be the same , but yes i can see your point of sydney as en entirety
i was the only one in class aware of what was happening in sydney . do we live in the same world or ?
it just shows you life is just too short for any of this who's next
police say hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm police storm downtown cafe :
let it be known to everyone that the terrorist failed . he failed , just as he was meant to .
2 people are dead and 3 in a serious condition after the sydney siege ended after police raided the cafe
i was the only one in class aware of what was happening in sydney . do we live in the same world or ?
- filming , film , video : wiggle honda - sydney , nsw - melbour
police say hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm police storm downtown cafe :
i walked these very streets in sydney earlier this year . never thought something like this could happen in the syd cbd .
2 people are dead and 3 in a serious condition after the sydney siege ended after police raided the cafe
yeah , there were 3 -4 flashes before the officers smashed through the door initially , gunman was firing at something .
no need to send burley out to sydney then
thoughts and prayers with those directly and indirectly affected by the
- filming , film , video : wiggle honda - sydney , nsw - melbour
what happened in sydney im so lost rn
i walked these very streets in sydney earlier this year . never thought something like this could happen in the syd cbd .
uber in sydney . oh no , another lousy pr move .
yeah , there were 3 -4 flashes before the officers smashed through the door initially , gunman was firing at something .
hostage situation in sydney is over . praise the lord .
thoughts and prayers with those directly and indirectly affected by the
as per australian media 2 persn died n 3 seriously injurd durin sydney hostage release action , though no official confirmation
what happened in sydney im so lost rn
tuesday at 0300 utc focus asia pacific will have the latest on the hostage taking in sydney . frequency 9395 khz .
uber in sydney . oh no , another lousy pr move .
has restored some of my faith in humanity . it was all but gone , given recent events . thank you
hostage situation in sydney is over . praise the lord .
pleased the is over , but the investigation has only just begun . it's a shame it ever happened , thoughts with those effected
as per australian media 2 persn died n 3 seriously injurd durin sydney hostage release action , though no official confirmation
do you know what happened to the gunman ?
has restored some of my faith in humanity . it was all but gone , given recent events . thank you
2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after sydneysiege , 7 news reports
pleased the is over , but the investigation has only just begun . it's a shame it ever happened , thoughts with those effected
, the cancer of terror is spreading . we need a new law (on lines of pota ) immediately .
do you know what happened to the gunman ?
[ria novosti world ] sydney siege over : reports : the police operation to rescue hostages from lindt cafe in syd
thank god it's all over i hope the hostages are ok
lol . dude . let me interpret it in my own way . go read about aryan invasion google it .
2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after sydneysiege , 7 news reports
sydney siege over : reports : the police operation to rescue hostages from lindt cafe in sydney is over , at leas
, the cancer of terror is spreading . we need a new law (on lines of pota ) immediately .
hope everyone is doing fine in sydney /australia. when this will end ???
[ria novosti world ] sydney siege over : reports : the police operation to rescue hostages from lindt cafe in syd
your citizens lives are in danger and it's very easy to blame it on islam , yet you come up with . very touching .
lol . dude . let me interpret it in my own way . go read about aryan invasion google it .
watching how the us news vs . british /australian news are handling sydney is an interesting exercise in the current state of journalism .
hope everyone is doing fine in sydney /australia. when this will end ???
breaking :hostage taking ends as sydney police storm cafe amid gunfire
your citizens lives are in danger and it's very easy to blame it on islam , yet you come up with . very touching .
assault team that ended the 16 hr are commandos from tactical assault group
watching how the us news vs . british /australian news are handling sydney is an interesting exercise in the current state of journalism .
sending love , prayers hope to police , hostages hostages families friends x
oh my god i just watched the video of the sydney siege this is so terrifying
- profile : man haron monis too many think they're still residing in misogynist islamic nations .
breaking :hostage taking ends as sydney police storm cafe amid gunfire
: hostage who was taken to st . vincent's hospital was conscious , helped by paramedic out of ambulance , via
assault team that ended the 16 hr are commandos from tactical assault group
unfortunately it appears there wasn't a peaceful outcome to the more unnecessary death .
sending love , prayers hope to police , hostages hostages families friends x
- if the gunman's from iran - he's likely shia - isis is sunni . not sure how he's pledging allegiance to isis then
- profile : man haron monis too many think they're still residing in misogynist islamic nations .
sydney cafe hostages siege :two dead ,others injured
: hostage who was taken to st . vincent's hospital was conscious , helped by paramedic out of ambulance , via
seattle native living in sydney gives her thoughts on hostage situation via
unfortunately it appears there wasn't a peaceful outcome to the more unnecessary death .
the sydney hostage taker was an iranian booted out of iran . no surprise he became a terrorist .least bho didn't invite him here as a refugee .
- if the gunman's from iran - he's likely shia - isis is sunni . not sure how he's pledging allegiance to isis then
police storm sydney cafe to end hostage siege : heavily armed police in sydney stormed a cafe where an armed man said to be a self-pro
the sydney hostage taker was an iranian booted out of iran . no surprise he became a terrorist .least bho didn't invite him here as a refugee .
2014 - australia - bbc world news : violent explosive end to sydney cafe hostage crisis - 15 /12/14 | watch :
police storm sydney cafe to end hostage siege : heavily armed police in sydney stormed a cafe where an armed man said to be a self-pro
: still awaiting updates on the fate of the hostage-taker , man haron monismore on and now
cnn : two dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , 7 news reports .
cbs news : police storm hostage situation in sydney
2014 - bbc world news - violent explosive end to sydney cafe hostage crisis - 15 /12/14 | watch :
horrified by the comments on glad media didn't give in to that level of bigotry ignorance .
: still awaiting updates on the fate of the hostage-taker , man haron monismore on and now
mt : is over .out of scope but i'm so proud of my country's brave law enforcement personnel -
cbs news : police storm hostage situation in sydney
s2g if anyone (except the gunman ) is dead i'm going to be so mad
horrified by the comments on glad media didn't give in to that level of bigotry ignorance .
i don't blame the nsw police for the dead and injured hostages . i blame the prick who made them hostages .
sydney hostages : sydney gunman identified as iranian : world news | watch :
my prayers and thoughts are with you all :( xx
mt : is over .out of scope but i'm so proud of my country's brave law enforcement personnel -
of course . it can't be blamed on the religion of pieces .
s2g if anyone (except the gunman ) is dead i'm going to be so mad
praise jesus the sydney siege is over . praying for all involved and thankful for the amazing efforts of the police .
i don't blame the nsw police for the dead and injured hostages . i blame the prick who made them hostages .
in this hour of sorrow in sydney , we should all pray for those innocent lives out there .
my prayers and thoughts are with you all :( xx
gunman kills five at philadelphia tv station
of course . it can't be blamed on the religion of pieces .
paramedics treating transporting a number of hostages after resolve cbd
praise jesus the sydney siege is over . praying for all involved and thankful for the amazing efforts of the police .
what kind of massive melt takes a selfie at the
in this hour of sorrow in sydney , we should all pray for those innocent lives out there .
awesome action in very professional work by all those involved .
gunman kills five at philadelphia tv station
it's just a horrible world we live in sometimes .. fortunately the people i know who are over there aren't in sydney x
paramedics treating transporting a number of hostages after resolve cbd
so the question is have they shot the bastard dead ?? or is he still breathing ??
what kind of massive melt takes a selfie at the
thank goodness the is over all my love to the family's of the two hostages that sadly didn't make it
awesome action in very professional work by all those involved .
australian police confirms that is now over after more than 14 hours thanks god !!!
it's just a horrible world we live in sometimes .. fortunately the people i know who are over there aren't in sydney x
sydney siege : dear most muslims , the snake won't die because you wish it dead
so the question is have they shot the bastard dead ?? or is he still breathing ??
the has come to a dramatic end . several ambulances are now on the scene .
australian police confirms that is now over after more than 14 hours thanks god !!!
i have never been this proud of the human race . i'm so overwhelmed with gratitude and respect .
sydney siege : dear most muslims , the snake won't die because you wish it dead
just heard brian wilson from abc news say the possible gunman was not being treated with respect when receiving cpr .
the has come to a dramatic end . several ambulances are now on the scene .
breaking news : sydney cafe hostage situation ends -
i wish everyone who was captured as a hostage in sydney all the best . all my love goes to their families (and of course themselves )
the gunman failed in the high court on friday against his conviction for sending hate mail .
i have never been this proud of the human race . i'm so overwhelmed with gratitude and respect .
is over . 2 dead , 3 injured with unknown condition . my prayers n thoughts
just heard brian wilson from abc news say the possible gunman was not being treated with respect when receiving cpr .
may we never be subjected to something like what just happened in sydney .my hart go out to all involved .innocent peoples lifes changed .
breaking news : sydney cafe hostage situation ends -
doesn't have to be like this ~ as it happened - live footage in sydney :(
the gunman failed in the high court on friday against his conviction for sending hate mail .
watching scenes from martin place in disbelief . this can't be our sydney . it just can't
is over . 2 dead , 3 injured with unknown condition . my prayers n thoughts
just can't get out of its way : botches fares for those in area , forced to apologize :
may we never be subjected to something like what just happened in sydney .my hart go out to all involved .innocent peoples lifes changed .
well at least that sick fuck up is dead and gone from this world .
doesn't have to be like this ~ as it happened - live footage in sydney :(
if the gunman survives they should make him play mw2 gwar for the rest of his life
watching scenes from martin place in disbelief . this can't be our sydney . it just can't
now that the is over i pray that there aren't any hostages critically injured and the people of sydney should stay strong .
just can't get out of its way : botches fares for those in area , forced to apologize :
there's no reports about the gunman yet
well at least that sick fuck up is dead and gone from this world .
killing a man is like killing all men says quran . these man claims to be muslim , but we know they are ignorant men
if the gunman survives they should make him play mw2 gwar for the rest of his life
i know . it's 2.30 am here (adelaide) and most tv channels covering the . except who's got home shopping !
now that the is over i pray that there aren't any hostages critically injured and the people of sydney should stay strong .
dramatic moment hostages run from . follow live updates here :
there's no reports about the gunman yet
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe (sent from headlines )indio it not only united state
killing a man is like killing all men says quran . these man claims to be muslim , but we know they are ignorant men
i love australia right now . everyone is coming together making an effort to support eachother the situation at hand . lets go sydney
i know . it's 2.30 am here (adelaide) and most tv channels covering the . except who's got home shopping !
he says the gunman was with two others on his way to cafe
dramatic moment hostages run from . follow live updates here :
that gunman is so dead , they haven't reported anything about him in ages .
sydney siege ends : police storm cafe (sent from headlines )indio it not only united state
dear australia : that's how you do it . well done .
i love australia right now . everyone is coming together making an effort to support eachother the situation at hand . lets go sydney
well done to everyone's god for ending a siege which he /she/it allowed to happen in the first place . makes perfect sense
he says the gunman was with two others on his way to cafe
and with a few minor injuries , the sydney siege is now thankfully over .
that gunman is so dead , they haven't reported anything about him in ages .
husband told police about sydney teacher's affair with schoolboy -
dear australia : that's how you do it . well done .
breaking news from lacierda : noynoy blames gloria for news from the senate : trillanes blames binay for
well done to everyone's god for ending a siege which he /she/it allowed to happen in the first place . makes perfect sense
glad it's over . i pray for all who were somehow involved
and with a few minor injuries , the sydney siege is now thankfully over .
it was a lone gunman , he has a history of violent behaviour and is therefore known to police . truth is , we may be far away
husband told police about sydney teacher's affair with schoolboy -
reports gunman was killed during the fire exchange with police
breaking news from lacierda : noynoy blames gloria for news from the senate : trillanes blames binay for
sydney gunman man haron monis was convicted over offensive letters in 2013 and charged with sexual offences in october 2014
glad it's over . i pray for all who were somehow involved
the inquiry into this is going to be interesting , police have to give good evidence that there was an imminent threat
it was a lone gunman , he has a history of violent behaviour and is therefore known to police . truth is , we may be far away
i have a huge amount of respect for the authorities but the question has to be asked , with his history , why was he out on bail ?
sydney gunman man haron monis was convicted over offensive letters in 2013 and charged with sexual offences in october 2014
hope everyone in sydney is ok im praying for the hostages to hopefully get to their homes safely and in peace
the inquiry into this is going to be interesting , police have to give good evidence that there was an imminent threat
flags or banners are often the greatest means of communication during standoffs . this wasn't a white one .#sydneysiege
i have a huge amount of respect for the authorities but the question has to be asked , with his history , why was he out on bail ?
so bad what's happened in sydney ! wouldn't bother me if the culprit was killed when they got the innocent hostages out .
photo : the gunman threatened to kill the hostages and he pretty much does not get in return a islamic
latest report from rt : update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition (7 news )
flags or banners are often the greatest means of communication during standoffs . this wasn't a white one .#sydneysiege
the sheer ungrateful betrayal by the sex offender-'sheik ' who took hostages from the country that gave him assylum ,support respect
so bad what's happened in sydney ! wouldn't bother me if the culprit was killed when they got the innocent hostages out .
can only see cnn reporting that 2 are dead , can't see it on ap or reuters or anywhere else
latest report from rt : update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition (7 news )
graphic confronting vision of cpr and poxy just talks over the vision about afghanistan ??? what a fuckn farce
did you see the good cops in sydney today ?
they must've got him , the way they just dragged out the first body was telling ! if that's a hostage it's carried out carefully !
the sheer ungrateful betrayal by the sex offender-'sheik ' who took hostages from the country that gave him assylum ,support respect
thanks god save all 40 people in sydney cafe .
can only see cnn reporting that 2 are dead , can't see it on ap or reuters or anywhere else
really is mind boggling that a man like that was allowed to walk the streets
graphic confronting vision of cpr and poxy just talks over the vision about afghanistan ??? what a fuckn farce
terrible news in sydney , but remember those people died because of that nut job , those that are blaming police shame on you !!
they must've got him , the way they just dragged out the first body was telling ! if that's a hostage it's carried out carefully !
waiting for leaders of the muslim community to speak out against the events in sydney . and waiting . and waiting . and waiting . and waiting .
thanks god save all 40 people in sydney cafe .
the is like something from a movie ! absolutely crazy ! my hearts goes out to the families of the two people killed .
really is mind boggling that a man like that was allowed to walk the streets
ends after police storm cafe , 2 reportedly dead
terrible news in sydney , but remember those people died because of that nut job , those that are blaming police shame on you !!
i get there's a ton of racial /political issues brought up by + dialogue's great , but can that not wait till everyone's safe ?
waiting for leaders of the muslim community to speak out against the events in sydney . and waiting . and waiting . and waiting . and waiting .
missing my boys soooo much can't wait till they're back in sydney hopefully i get to meet them
the is like something from a movie ! absolutely crazy ! my hearts goes out to the families of the two people killed .
thankfully the sydney siege is over hopefully the unconfirmed reports of dead are not true .
i get there's a ton of racial /political issues brought up by + dialogue's great , but can that not wait till everyone's safe ?
looks like police are rushing to put the bomb suits back on the bomb squads .
missing my boys soooo much can't wait till they're back in sydney hopefully i get to meet them
from : bangs heard , hostages flee as police storm sydney cafe
thankfully the sydney siege is over hopefully the unconfirmed reports of dead are not true .
is spot on not releasing injuries until they are confirmed . well done channel 9,
i am awaiting official confirmation of how many dead and inured . they say 2 dead , including gunman at moment .
really do hope the police shot this gunman , absolutely sick both for this and being an accessory to murder and sexual assault !
looks like police are rushing to put the bomb suits back on the bomb squads .
2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , cnn ..
is spot on not releasing injuries until they are confirmed . well done channel 9,
the events in sydney today were horrible .
really do hope the police shot this gunman , absolutely sick both for this and being an accessory to murder and sexual assault !
it's over !! i hope the injured hostages will be o .k after the police stormed the cafe !! what a f **ked up world we live in !!
2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , cnn ..
the gun manis the perfect example of a deranged drowning man who clutched at the only straw he sawisis .
the events in sydney today were horrible .
so classy . jacked up the fares quadruple to ferry people away from evacuation zone during .
it's over !! i hope the injured hostages will be o .k after the police stormed the cafe !! what a f **ked up world we live in !!
cafe siege over ,2 reported dead
the gun manis the perfect example of a deranged drowning man who clutched at the only straw he sawisis .
top stories on do not label incident as act of terrorism or perps as terrorists . does .
breaking news update : heavily armed police officers stormed the sydney cafe . one person shot .
thanksgiving for the lift of the . for victims in lindt cafe , this is far from over yet . i hope they get excellent trauma care .
so classy . jacked up the fares quadruple to ferry people away from evacuation zone during .
pretty terrible journalistic ethics seeing the press broadcast pictures and video of injured and scared hostages in sydney .
cafe siege over ,2 reported dead
well done australia . you've showed your respect for all of humanity today
top stories on do not label incident as act of terrorism or perps as terrorists . does .
bbc news - profile : man haron monis i think this guy's more of a than a
thanksgiving for the lift of the . for victims in lindt cafe , this is far from over yet . i hope they get excellent trauma care .
r .. confirmed that is now over after police storm the bldg
pretty terrible journalistic ethics seeing the press broadcast pictures and video of injured and scared hostages in sydney .
this is a photo of the dead goatfucker that caused 2 deaths 5 injury's in the sydney standoff .
well done australia . you've showed your respect for all of humanity today
humans are sheer despicable creatures ! nothing justifies killing , holding hostage , terrorizing people . nothing .
bbc news - profile : man haron monis i think this guy's more of a than a
it's times like this you have appreciate every day you have . things like this can happen at any time and any place .
r .. confirmed that is now over after police storm the bldg
cant believe everything that's going on in sydney right now hoping everyone's okay
this is a photo of the dead goatfucker that caused 2 deaths 5 injury's in the sydney standoff .
breaking news : now sending all poor and homeless americans to save
humans are sheer despicable creatures ! nothing justifies killing , holding hostage , terrorizing people . nothing .
so glad the siege is over . hope everyone in sydney is okay
it's times like this you have appreciate every day you have . things like this can happen at any time and any place .
the has come to an end . live coverage here : via
cant believe everything that's going on in sydney right now hoping everyone's okay
we were in constant touch with the families of the 2 hostages
breaking news : now sending all poor and homeless americans to save
so much anxiety waiting for live updates on the . hope everything has worked out well !
so glad the siege is over . hope everyone in sydney is okay
the sydney hostage taking is over everyone seems to be reporting action of individual not of any group just like ottawa
the has come to an end . live coverage here : via
still wondering how got to the so fast . when you got a minute , can you let me know ? been bugging me all day !
we were in constant touch with the families of the 2 hostages
from skynews : watch the moment a series of explosions and bursts of ammunition were heard at the sydney cafe
so much anxiety waiting for live updates on the . hope everything has worked out well !
..its a coincidence that the sydney thing was happening at that time ..apologies for misunderstanding .
the sydney hostage taking is over everyone seems to be reporting action of individual not of any group just like ottawa
- great coverage of , . thank you ! australia breathes a collective sigh of relief .
still wondering how got to the so fast . when you got a minute , can you let me know ? been bugging me all day !
death to islamist terrorists .dont fuk with australia
from skynews : watch the moment a series of explosions and bursts of ammunition were heard at the sydney cafe
yes you do , the gunman in sydney right now did it on internet , n u just breed n immigrate n try to take over , hav lots of babies
..its a coincidence that the sydney thing was happening at that time ..apologies for misunderstanding .
watch the moment police storm a sydney cafe , ending the siege
- great coverage of , . thank you ! australia breathes a collective sigh of relief .
good that tehelka shut shop . else might have made to their thinkfest as an expert on islam's theological diversity
death to islamist terrorists .dont fuk with australia
there's a moral in the report . if a country gives refuge to those in need , don't expect their gratitude
yes you do , the gunman in sydney right now did it on internet , n u just breed n immigrate n try to take over , hav lots of babies
at least six hostages were seen running from the cafe in sydney before police stormed inside
good that tehelka shut shop . else might have made to their thinkfest as an expert on islam's theological diversity
glad it's over . now praying for everyone
there's a moral in the report . if a country gives refuge to those in need , don't expect their gratitude
so only if islamists can wipe the usa off the map , there will be world peace ? if i don't agree , does that make me an islamophobe ?
at least six hostages were seen running from the cafe in sydney before police stormed inside
thinking of you and your fellow countrymen in the aftermath of
glad it's over . now praying for everyone
i work in sydney city . this lady comes into the store when we have been told to close and evacuate today . she's going to write a letter t
so only if islamists can wipe the usa off the map , there will be world peace ? if i don't agree , does that make me an islamophobe ?
yes ! police just confirmed w media that sydney siege is over ! thank god !
thinking of you and your fellow countrymen in the aftermath of
sydney sets an example for the world on how to stand in solidarity against racism .
be careful when talking about the sydney gunman he could be obamas son .
bathong nke le hlaloseng . u been watching news .whats happening ko sydney ? ???
i work in sydney city . this lady comes into the store when we have been told to close and evacuate today . she's going to write a letter t
u r a sad individualdont shit a brick over a siege in sydney ? this may be common where ur fromnot here buddy
yes ! police just confirmed w media that sydney siege is over ! thank god !
dude that sounds painful . we just had a siege in sydney . some people got shot
sydney sets an example for the world on how to stand in solidarity against racism .
the was planned in the headquarters of rss /bjp/vhp. its a strategy by to win elections in australia .
bathong nke le hlaloseng . u been watching news .whats happening ko sydney ? ???
why are you know giving this free public attention
u r a sad individualdont shit a brick over a siege in sydney ? this may be common where ur fromnot here buddy
two dead and three seriously injured as comes to an end gun men identified as
dude that sounds painful . we just had a siege in sydney . some people got shot
update : gunman in sydney hostage crisis has been identified as man haron monis , u .s. sources say
the was planned in the headquarters of rss /bjp/vhp. its a strategy by to win elections in australia .
relieved has ended . grieved at the cost tendered .
why are you know giving this free public attention
former sas sergeant andy mcnab on with now on sydney hostage situation .
two dead and three seriously injured as comes to an end gun men identified as
r australians show solidarityw sydney's muslims
update : gunman in sydney hostage crisis has been identified as man haron monis , u .s. sources say
sincere condolences to the families of those who have lost their lives .. and speedy recovery to the injured
relieved has ended . grieved at the cost tendered .
breaking : all of the pictures from the hostage siege in sydney
former sas sergeant andy mcnab on with now on sydney hostage situation .
hey , i know you live in sydney so please be safe babe xx
r australians show solidarityw sydney's muslims
political asylum ? withdraw and all to countries of origin . police storm sydney siege cafe - uk , usa duped .
sincere condolences to the families of those who have lost their lives .. and speedy recovery to the injured
xyz is the real terror , more than replace xyz with guns , internet trolls , racists , sharks , road accidents , etc
hey , i know you live in sydney so please be safe babe xx
breaking : reports have emerged that two people died during the
political asylum ? withdraw and all to countries of origin . police storm sydney siege cafe - uk , usa duped .
that's because shootings and killing is commonplace in the us . gun loving culture here , and that's the result .
xyz is the real terror , more than replace xyz with guns , internet trolls , racists , sharks , road accidents , etc
andy mcnab live with on now , giving his reaction to
two people killed and three seriously injured as hostage situation in sydney ends
shocking video shows moment the sydney siege ended
breaking : reports have emerged that two people died during the
5 sos dont even care about whats happening in sydney lol !!
that's because shootings and killing is commonplace in the us . gun loving culture here , and that's the result .
religion of peace boko haram turns to teen girl suicide bombers in nigeria
andy mcnab live with on now , giving his reaction to
darren gunman is one of 2 people dead in sydney according to news 1130
shocking video shows moment the sydney siege ended
two people are believed to be dead and two injured after police stormed the lindt cafe in martin place
5 sos dont even care about whats happening in sydney lol !!
man haron monis wasn't a terrorist ; he was a nutter who had no idea what he was doing . australians have nothing to fear .
religion of peace boko haram turns to teen girl suicide bombers in nigeria
how have i only just heard about the sydney seige ?
two people are believed to be dead and two injured after police stormed the lindt cafe in martin place
his wife can rest easy now
man haron monis wasn't a terrorist ; he was a nutter who had no idea what he was doing . australians have nothing to fear .
literally fuck right off and think about something other than promo , you know the 17 hour seige that just happening in sydney
how come cnn is reporting 2 dead , but abc isn't ?
catex news for december 15 th : sydney hostage situation ends : via
his wife can rest easy now
makes me sad how this event will go on to affect sydney in the future
literally fuck right off and think about something other than promo , you know the 17 hour seige that just happening in sydney
david-good news-the siege is safely over in sydney .nice xmas for them
can you guys stop retweeting pictures of that sydney shooter with his headgear on it feels a little hate-crimey
great to see you on discussing terrorists .
catex news for december 15 th : sydney hostage situation ends : via
gunman shot one hostage (not officially confimed )
makes me sad how this event will go on to affect sydney in the future
my thoughts and love are with the victims of the and their families
david-good news-the siege is safely over in sydney .nice xmas for them
get ready for a potential free speech fiasco at the end of this thing in sydney . suspected gunman was well known
great to see you on discussing terrorists .
apparently .2 dead , 3 seriously injured inc . police officer , reports channel 7 from
gunman shot one hostage (not officially confimed )
pure terrorists down the road from me , mon ye
my thoughts and love are with the victims of the and their families
working so hard to prove controls over , but when i hear the term all i can think is ::
get ready for a potential free speech fiasco at the end of this thing in sydney . suspected gunman was well known
the reported sydney hostage taker is a spiritual
apparently .2 dead , 3 seriously injured inc . police officer , reports channel 7 from
there is a silver linin sydney ; cancells coverage of al sharpton ! lol thank you joe .
pure terrorists down the road from me , mon ye
can you pls stop the sydney coverage
working so hard to prove controls over , but when i hear the term all i can think is ::
thank you for your compassion always remember terrorism has no religion
the reported sydney hostage taker is a spiritual
gunman identified as iranian refugee charged with sexual assault cops
there is a silver linin sydney ; cancells coverage of al sharpton ! lol thank you joe .
what blabber , why don't you accept that gita is casteist , racist , misogynist , and violently terrorist
thank you for your compassion always remember terrorism has no religion
islamic supremacists cannot be reasoned with . they want to force you to submit to their islamic ideology or die .
gunman identified as iranian refugee charged with sexual assault cops
hoping the hostages from the are ok . im glad to hear it's finally over !
what blabber , why don't you accept that gita is casteist , racist , misogynist , and violently terrorist
2 recent events tht just don't make sense , hostage taking in sydney t /attack on the french facility in gaza ? f /flag?
my prayers go out to sydney , australia today all those whom have families who were involved in the siege truly sad news
gunshots at sydney hostage scenedependable , here . the of crises must be thorough , then swift
islamic supremacists cannot be reasoned with . they want to force you to submit to their islamic ideology or die .
should learn from followng how to response to terror attacks .
hoping the hostages from the are ok . im glad to hear it's finally over !
hoping all those that were injured recover soon . so f *cking sad .
2 recent events tht just don't make sense , hostage taking in sydney t /attack on the french facility in gaza ? f /flag?
can't help but genuinely admire the acts and efforts of the nsw police today especially over the last hour .
gunshots at sydney hostage scenedependable , here . the of crises must be thorough , then swift
glad the gunman is dead but wondering why someone charged as an accessory to the murder of his ex-wife was free to begin with ?
should learn from followng how to response to terror attacks .
number of injuries in hostage drama still unclear .
hoping all those that were injured recover soon . so f *cking sad .
watch : simon bouda reports live from hostage crisis in sydney
can't help but genuinely admire the acts and efforts of the nsw police today especially over the last hour .
hope everyone is safe in sydney , so much love
glad the gunman is dead but wondering why someone charged as an accessory to the murder of his ex-wife was free to begin with ?
nsw police confirm sydney siege is over
number of injuries in hostage drama still unclear .
why australians are telling muslims , , amid sydney hostage situation : hours after an armed gunm
watch : simon bouda reports live from hostage crisis in sydney
while america is fixated on a man in philly has killed 5 members of his family is barricaded by police
hope everyone is safe in sydney , so much love
:: sydney hostage crisis : police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
why australians are telling muslims , , amid sydney hostage situation : hours after an armed gunm
sydney siege : confusion and concern among crowds at scene : a woman runs towards a police officer outside lindt
while america is fixated on a man in philly has killed 5 members of his family is barricaded by police
sydney gunman background - man haron monis , an iranian refugee facing sexual assault charges
:: sydney hostage crisis : police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
go away morons . australia handled the situation very well . rip the souls who were died .
such a big relief to hear that the sydney siege is finally over ! i pray that everyone is okay
hostage in cafe seems inhuman but might be planned to do propaganda
sydney siege : confusion and concern among crowds at scene : a woman runs towards a police officer outside lindt
police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman was holding hostages . those with apparent injuries wer
go away morons . australia handled the situation very well . rip the souls who were died .
some outlets have reported at least two people are dead in the
hostage in cafe seems inhuman but might be planned to do propaganda
correct , not near the amount of coverage from though . both important events , just want to put things in perspective .
police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman was holding hostages . those with apparent injuries wer
really hoping that the lunatic was taken down in the shootout . i don't have any remorse for him if he has , he deserves it .
thoughts with sydney and australia thank god it's over now ! #
why was he out on bail with all the charges pending ? way too cautious .
some outlets have reported at least two people are dead in the
meanwhile in india , shree is busy linking to
correct , not near the amount of coverage from though . both important events , just want to put things in perspective .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours [ap ]
really hoping that the lunatic was taken down in the shootout . i don't have any remorse for him if he has , he deserves it .
1 .sip on an ethiopian blend 2 . plug in npr 3 . analyze breaking news in sydney 4 . trudge to my dining hall jobsomething's wrong
why was he out on bail with all the charges pending ? way too cautious .
worldviews : sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims
meanwhile in india , shree is busy linking to
over finally . may the hostages have the strength to get over the trauma .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours [ap ]
another muslim nutjob that needs blowing away
1 .sip on an ethiopian blend 2 . plug in npr 3 . analyze breaking news in sydney 4 . trudge to my dining hall jobsomething's wrong
sydney gunman named as sheikh man haron monis
worldviews : sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims
if this happened in they would have cut roads , burned tires and it would have dragged for 5 months at least
over finally . may the hostages have the strength to get over the trauma .
all he wanted was a damn flag-cudve saved these peoples lives , but politicians dont care abt civilians lives .
another muslim nutjob that needs blowing away
thoughts and prayers for all those concerned live images police taking the building was shocking reported fatalities , injured
sydney gunman named as sheikh man haron monis
look at this disaster as a reason to be a better person the world needs kindness and respect right now .
if this happened in they would have cut roads , burned tires and it would have dragged for 5 months at least
kudos to police who bravely handled which ended on positive note after 16 hours of battle .
all he wanted was a damn flag-cudve saved these peoples lives , but politicians dont care abt civilians lives .
sydney siege : ambulances have taken people to hospital . two people have died . live coverage
thoughts and prayers for all those concerned live images police taking the building was shocking reported fatalities , injured
watch : hostage crisis unfolds in sydney
look at this disaster as a reason to be a better person the world needs kindness and respect right now .
sickening news that hostages have died in sydney . i hope the leader of this siege rots in hell .
kudos to police who bravely handled which ended on positive note after 16 hours of battle .
offender is known to security agencies very well
sydney siege : ambulances have taken people to hospital . two people have died . live coverage
this man , was only an nickname . see for his full name civil name was mohammad hassan manteghi bourjerdi
watch : hostage crisis unfolds in sydney
the sydney siege is over thoughts and prayers with those who were affected ;; i can't even begin to fathom what it must've felt like ;;;;
sickening news that hostages have died in sydney . i hope the leader of this siege rots in hell .
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition
offender is known to security agencies very well
police storm sydney cafe , gunfire erupting , more hostages escape : submitted by lukeyflukey [l
this man , was only an nickname . see for his full name civil name was mohammad hassan manteghi bourjerdi
sydney you had the most beautiful response have started a movement we should all follow .
the sydney siege is over thoughts and prayers with those who were affected ;; i can't even begin to fathom what it must've felt like ;;;;
live : 9 news coverage of hostage situation in sydney
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition
good news the hostages are safe sydney seige is over another win for the good guys
police storm sydney cafe , gunfire erupting , more hostages escape : submitted by lukeyflukey [l
just a tip for the msm reportersdon't include terrorist scumbags in with the numbers of innocent people killed .
sydney you had the most beautiful response have started a movement we should all follow .
no fatalities have been confirmed don't jump to conclusions
live : 9 news coverage of hostage situation in sydney
how can't you have not found any link with modi's failure mr mehta yet ?#sydneysiege
good news the hostages are safe sydney seige is over another win for the good guys
congratulations sydney police and military on ending this siege and rescuing the hostages ! your a great example to the world !
just a tip for the msm reportersdon't include terrorist scumbags in with the numbers of innocent people killed .
complete coverage only on cnn-ibn from sydney after the has ended keep watching !
no fatalities have been confirmed don't jump to conclusions
pray for the victims , their friends and families . via
how can't you have not found any link with modi's failure mr mehta yet ?#sydneysiege
sydney gunman out on bail , accused of being an accessory to murder ?
congratulations sydney police and military on ending this siege and rescuing the hostages ! your a great example to the world !
god save them , we should be united now to fight against terror cause they may attack you next time , will fight now
complete coverage only on cnn-ibn from sydney after the has ended keep watching !
- police storm cafe - several carried away on stretchers - incident is 'over'
pray for the victims , their friends and families . via
wow . thoughts and prayers going out to those effected by the horrendous situation in sydney .
sydney gunman out on bail , accused of being an accessory to murder ?
this seems to be the twitter account of gunman / hostage taker / rapist / headcase
god save them , we should be united now to fight against terror cause they may attack you next time , will fight now
tv replaying soldiers assaulting cafe in sydney from different angles . hope everyone is ok
- police storm cafe - several carried away on stretchers - incident is 'over'
so it seems the iran gunman intended for it to be a statement promoting of islamic state ,
wow . thoughts and prayers going out to those effected by the horrendous situation in sydney .
sydney siege gunman reportedly dead following police raid on lindt cafe
this seems to be the twitter account of gunman / hostage taker / rapist / headcase
i'm not even from sydney , but it's still freaky recognising the scenes from where tonight's siege has taken place
tv replaying soldiers assaulting cafe in sydney from different angles . hope everyone is ok
so , about those american restaurants /cafes/coffee shops telling customers to leave their guns at home no thanks
so it seems the iran gunman intended for it to be a statement promoting of islamic state ,
watch harry tweet something about sydney but nothing about mike brown . -.-
sydney siege gunman reportedly dead following police raid on lindt cafe
all muslims r not terrorist but terrorist who caught by cop all r muslims y ?
i'm not even from sydney , but it's still freaky recognising the scenes from where tonight's siege has taken place
thoughts to all those people who lost someone in :(so sad ..
so , about those american restaurants /cafes/coffee shops telling customers to leave their guns at home no thanks
glad to hear the is over , but saddened that it even happened to begin with . my heart goes out to all those affected .
watch harry tweet something about sydney but nothing about mike brown . -.-
siege !the perpetrator is said to hv bn a cleric !how such beasts qlfy to b what wud they b teaching ? love or hatred ?
all muslims r not terrorist but terrorist who caught by cop all r muslims y ?
police end hostage siege after 16 hours |
thoughts to all those people who lost someone in :(so sad ..
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held , operation successful .
glad to hear the is over , but saddened that it even happened to begin with . my heart goes out to all those affected .
police storm sydney cafe , gunfire heard : security forces early tuesday stormed a cafe in the heart of sydney w
siege !the perpetrator is said to hv bn a cleric !how such beasts qlfy to b what wud they b teaching ? love or hatred ?
number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear . (via
police end hostage siege after 16 hours |
so glad that's all over
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held , operation successful .
please god let there be no deaths at apart from the terrorist , thinking of them x
number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear . (via
people are pissed at 5 sos for not tweeting more about sydney , yet where were they when michael was the only one tweeting about ferguson ?
so glad that's all over
the latest bullshit from britain first exclusive : all 4 hostage videos from sydney siege (we made the decision
please god let there be no deaths at apart from the terrorist , thinking of them x
police storm sydney cafe , gunfire erupting , more hostages escape : submitted by lukeyflukey [link] [273 comments ]
awful news in sydney today . thoughts are with anyone affected x
another mass shooting , this time in . 5 dead after spree killings , siege underway via
people are pissed at 5 sos for not tweeting more about sydney , yet where were they when michael was the only one tweeting about ferguson ?
confirmed that 2 are dead . the gunman killed one of the hostages .
the latest bullshit from britain first exclusive : all 4 hostage videos from sydney siege (we made the decision
fox news reports that the u .s. embassy in sydney is only one block from the cafe ' where hostages were taken . (important detail .)
police storm sydney cafe , gunfire erupting , more hostages escape : submitted by lukeyflukey [link] [273 comments ]
those who took selfies at the should be ashamed of themselves .
another mass shooting , this time in . 5 dead after spree killings , siege underway via
truly amazed with the australian police performance .youve made an example to the rest of the world to follow .salute!#sydneysiege
confirmed that 2 are dead . the gunman killed one of the hostages .
god damn crazy ass muslim people what evil people they are just pure evil
fox news reports that the u .s. embassy in sydney is only one block from the cafe ' where hostages were taken . (important detail .)
update : police end after 16 hours
those who took selfies at the should be ashamed of themselves .
has anyone seen this girl come out of the building yet ? i haven't seen her . hope she is ok .
truly amazed with the australian police performance .youve made an example to the rest of the world to follow .salute!#sydneysiege
two hostages from cardiac a rest and the gunman killed too
god damn crazy ass muslim people what evil people they are just pure evil
i wonder how will call out on fox news and cnn's blatant offensive remarks about muslims .
update : police end after 16 hours
c'mon tweet about and show how india too believes that terrorism has nothing to do with religion .
has anyone seen this girl come out of the building yet ? i haven't seen her . hope she is ok .
iranian muslim extremist wanting an flag ? is he confused or have i missed something ?
i wonder how will call out on fox news and cnn's blatant offensive remarks about muslims .
everyone thinks every muslim is a terrorist . my religion is a religion of peace ! this is very important .
c'mon tweet about and show how india too believes that terrorism has nothing to do with religion .
can someone tell me the price of petrol in india ? too much of sydney on my timeline .
iranian muslim extremist wanting an flag ? is he confused or have i missed something ?
police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege b --full story
where are the rest of the hostages though if the gunman is dead ?
thank god was over . police officers really did an amazing job !
everyone thinks every muslim is a terrorist . my religion is a religion of peace ! this is very important .
lessons from . from abuja to cairo , sydney to kabul and ontario their are deranged people inspired by extremism . be vigilant .
can someone tell me the price of petrol in india ? too much of sydney on my timeline .
sydney hostage-taker identified as a self-proclaimed sheikh from iran with a criminal record . be careful of charlatans .
thank god was over . police officers really did an amazing job !
i wish to express sincere felt solidarity with those affected by the i hope your loved ones made it out !
lessons from . from abuja to cairo , sydney to kabul and ontario their are deranged people inspired by extremism . be vigilant .
it's over . video : the moment police storm cafe at centre of
sydney hostage-taker identified as a self-proclaimed sheikh from iran with a criminal record . be careful of charlatans .
two people dead , three people critical at . such a tragic end to such a violent day . :( :( x
hostage siege ends as police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages
bomb disposal expert at sydney siege walks into the distance like the hero he is .
i wish to express sincere felt solidarity with those affected by the i hope your loved ones made it out !
glad to see the is over . thoughts and prayers are with those affected and may they recover from the trauma .
it's over . video : the moment police storm cafe at centre of
scenes out of that cafe earlier shocking , can anyone confirm if all the hostages escaped unhurt ?
two people dead , three people critical at . such a tragic end to such a violent day . :( :( x
violent shoot out 2 confirmed deadmany injuredi'm crying
bomb disposal expert at sydney siege walks into the distance like the hero he is .
i can , but first tell me have you read gita ? it's a casteist , racist , misogynist , violently terrorist literature
glad to see the is over . thoughts and prayers are with those affected and may they recover from the trauma .
socio-path lunatic derranged self-motivated this thatjust how msm everywhr covers islam up is beautiful .#sydneysiege
scenes out of that cafe earlier shocking , can anyone confirm if all the hostages escaped unhurt ?
[video] dramatic new video of several hostages fleeing the sydney cafe as police storm it
violent shoot out 2 confirmed deadmany injuredi'm crying
odd how obama offers assistance for an incident in sydney yet he can't be found when our brave guys in benghazi needed help . says a lot .
i can , but first tell me have you read gita ? it's a casteist , racist , misogynist , violently terrorist literature
that could not have been easy . hopefully no hostages or police were killed or seriously hurt
socio-path lunatic derranged self-motivated this thatjust how msm everywhr covers islam up is beautiful .#sydneysiege
oh thank god the hostages in sydney are being recovered .
[video] dramatic new video of several hostages fleeing the sydney cafe as police storm it
the sydney siege is over . thank god . but there are still casualties . :(
odd how obama offers assistance for an incident in sydney yet he can't be found when our brave guys in benghazi needed help . says a lot .
citizen journalist : gunman in sydney siege identified as an iranian re
that could not have been easy . hopefully no hostages or police were killed or seriously hurt
how would i know what ? so many have prayed all day . and yet two people are dead . the gunman was praying too . and he is dead .
oh thank god the hostages in sydney are being recovered .
suspected veteran shot and killed 5 people in three different locations reported in the usa as is declared over .
citizen journalist : gunman in sydney siege identified as an iranian re
you guys have got to be kidding me , disgusted to say you lot come from sydney right now and couldn't give a toss about these events
how would i know what ? so many have prayed all day . and yet two people are dead . the gunman was praying too . and he is dead .
australians show solidarity and scorn for muslims amid sydney siege
suspected veteran shot and killed 5 people in three different locations reported in the usa as is declared over .
proud of how the police handled everything
super proud of sydney today . once your home , always your home .
what i'm trying to understand is how a guy had a shotgun in a country that makes them illegal .
you guys have got to be kidding me , disgusted to say you lot come from sydney right now and couldn't give a toss about these events
sydney siege . no official confirmation from authorities on why did anti-terror units went into cafe or how many dead and injured
australians show solidarity and scorn for muslims amid sydney siege
sydney siege is over ,gunman killed ! indian hostage ankit reddy is safe !
what i'm trying to understand is how a guy had a shotgun in a country that makes them illegal .
video from sydney shows moment police indiscriminately fire into building as they storm coffee shop ,
sydney siege is over ,gunman killed ! indian hostage ankit reddy is safe !
i will believe terror has no religion the day i see that religion to be the first to condemn such attack
shocking scenes tonight in sydney , proud of our australian police . hope the tragic loss is incorrect , but i fear it isn't
jihadist in sydney standoff id'd as iranian sex assault , murder suspect
video from sydney shows moment police indiscriminately fire into building as they storm coffee shop ,
those poor , poor people . lord , be with everyone .
i will believe terror has no religion the day i see that religion to be the first to condemn such attack
glad to hear the is over , but saddened that it even happened to begin with .
jihadist in sydney standoff id'd as iranian sex assault , murder suspect
what we know about man haron monis , identified in reports as the hostage taker
those poor , poor people . lord , be with everyone .
grateful the sydney siege has ended . thinking of the injured , lives lost , and their families . sydney's finest did their job
video : russiatoday - police storm lindt cafe in sydney (full video ): heavily armored police units have stormed
wow so jai is the only one who tweeted something about the sydney siege .. wow i thought this would affect the boys way more
glad to hear the is over , but saddened that it even happened to begin with .
( ) more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have bee
what we know about man haron monis , identified in reports as the hostage taker
heartwarming '#illridewithyou supports muslims amid sydney siege '
grateful the sydney siege has ended . thinking of the injured , lives lost , and their families . sydney's finest did their job
when is enough , enough violence in this world is down right disgusting .
wow so jai is the only one who tweeted something about the sydney siege .. wow i thought this would affect the boys way more
one guy gets in a hostage situation in sydney minister of external affairs tweets about it . bus falls in ravine in india and nobody cares .
( ) more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have bee
i'm so sad for sydney :( what a tragedy that lives had to be lost .
heartwarming '#illridewithyou supports muslims amid sydney siege '
is over . hoping that i wake up to news of living hostages and a captured criminal .
when is enough , enough violence in this world is down right disgusting .
what was most glaring about the was the difference in coverage by their media vis-a-vis the hysteria that barkha co generate .
one guy gets in a hostage situation in sydney minister of external affairs tweets about it . bus falls in ravine in india and nobody cares .
its over !! still praying for all those involved !!
i'm so sad for sydney :( what a tragedy that lives had to be lost .
promoting an album while your country just went through is disrespectful
what was most glaring about the was the difference in coverage by their media vis-a-vis the hysteria that barkha co generate .
sydney siege : islam will have nothing to do with it .
its over !! still praying for all those involved !!
rt 7 news reports 2 dead , 3 seriously injured in
promoting an album while your country just went through is disrespectful
cool and 13 people were held hostage for over 15 hours in sydney but whatever
this was how hostage standoff ends in sydney .: via
- that fucked up siege was pretty impressive - but no 9 /11 - if you were a real man youd nuke
rt 7 news reports 2 dead , 3 seriously injured in
reports have emerged that two people died during the
cool and 13 people were held hostage for over 15 hours in sydney but whatever
[ ] more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe whe [ ]
- that fucked up siege was pretty impressive - but no 9 /11 - if you were a real man youd nuke
america can learn a lot from australia . i have friends in sydney hope they their loved ones are safe .
meanwhile , the ghent seize is over too . thankfully , it was nothing like sydney :
17 hrs later the sydney siege is over ! watching it live on tv seeing law enforcement officers storm the cafe with gun fire , gut wrenching !
reports have emerged that two people died during the
police storm cafe ; crisis ends police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily armed p
[ ] more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe whe [ ]
video : police storm australia siege cafe heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , where a gunman
america can learn a lot from australia . i have friends in sydney hope they their loved ones are safe .
mr man haron monis . may you rest in pieces .#sydney, , , ,
17 hrs later the sydney siege is over ! watching it live on tv seeing law enforcement officers storm the cafe with gun fire , gut wrenching !
feeling for all who consider sydney their home . never nice to have this stuff on your doorstop .
police storm cafe ; crisis ends police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily armed p
the suspected sydney hostage taker is a 'spiritual healer ' with a long rap sheet police in sydney , australia hav
video : police storm australia siege cafe heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , where a gunman
47 sex assaults , well known to aust . police-aust . law too lenient if only our justice system lived up to hi standard of police .
mr man haron monis . may you rest in pieces .#sydney, , , ,
final moments -- front view of lindt cafe -- at centre of
feeling for all who consider sydney their home . never nice to have this stuff on your doorstop .
watch scene unfold in photos a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn affiliate seve
the suspected sydney hostage taker is a 'spiritual healer ' with a long rap sheet police in sydney , australia hav
we don't know for sure . no sign of the gunman at least , could still be one or two hostages ?
47 sex assaults , well known to aust . police-aust . law too lenient if only our justice system lived up to hi standard of police .
mihalis thalassis retweeted good morning america remaining hostages flee as tactical police storm sydney
final moments -- front view of lindt cafe -- at centre of
god now its all this pray for sydney crap , no need , sydney beat the psyop with
watch scene unfold in photos a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn affiliate seve
renowned loser suggests aus adopt us-style gun laws . no , really .
we don't know for sure . no sign of the gunman at least , could still be one or two hostages ?
must call all the sydney fam tonight once i get home .
mihalis thalassis retweeted good morning america remaining hostages flee as tactical police storm sydney
two people dead n several injured as police storm hotel where iranian held hostage in cafe cc
god now its all this pray for sydney crap , no need , sydney beat the psyop with
australian channel 7 reporting deaths (plural) in plus at least 3 injured . still no official word on police /hostage casualties
renowned loser suggests aus adopt us-style gun laws . no , really .
well done - new south wales police tweets : sydney siege is over . more details to follow . via bbc news
must call all the sydney fam tonight once i get home .
sydney cafe siege : australia police storm building heavily armed police have stormed a cafe in sydney where a gu
two people dead n several injured as police storm hotel where iranian held hostage in cafe cc
when will they say this is in retaliation for the feinstein report ?
australian channel 7 reporting deaths (plural) in plus at least 3 injured . still no official word on police /hostage casualties
over hostages freeseveral injuries among police and hostagesbelieved gunman dead
well done - new south wales police tweets : sydney siege is over . more details to follow . via bbc news
the terrorists in sydney do not represent islam !
sydney cafe siege : australia police storm building heavily armed police have stormed a cafe in sydney where a gu
the standard defence for taking anywhere is that it's cool and it's not harming anyone . well taking one at is just not !
when will they say this is in retaliation for the feinstein report ?
good news from sydney : police kill hostage-holding islamic terrorist , leaving the world with one less filthy moslem to infect society .
over hostages freeseveral injuries among police and hostagesbelieved gunman dead
and now on trxing to justify twitter substitution for in journn terms
the terrorists in sydney do not represent islam !
it is believed explosives were used during confrontation with gunman :
the standard defence for taking anywhere is that it's cool and it's not harming anyone . well taking one at is just not !
wsj : police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman was holding hostages . those with apparent injurie
good news from sydney : police kill hostage-holding islamic terrorist , leaving the world with one less filthy moslem to infect society .
who said terrorism has no religion ?#sydneysiege
and now on trxing to justify twitter substitution for in journn terms
police hunting gunman who's killed 5 in .but no obvious link so little global interest
it is believed explosives were used during confrontation with gunman :
siege ends ; fate of unknown - dec 15 am et
wsj : police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman was holding hostages . those with apparent injurie
security forces storm sydney hostage cafe : australian security forces stormed the cafe where several hos
who said terrorism has no religion ?#sydneysiege
| raw : police storm sydney cafe |
police hunting gunman who's killed 5 in .but no obvious link so little global interest
the power of social media at its best .
siege ends ; fate of unknown - dec 15 am et
i feel so relieved that is already over , i hope this kind of horrible stuff will never happen again in the future
security forces storm sydney hostage cafe : australian security forces stormed the cafe where several hos
australian police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours .
the power of social media at its best .
breaking news for aus - sydney seige over after 7 hostages escape , shots fired possibly 2 people dead and 3 injured :-(
i feel so relieved that is already over , i hope this kind of horrible stuff will never happen again in the future
has susan rice blamed the sydney hostage incident on a youtube video yet ?
australian police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours .
gunman behind sydney siege revealed : sydney : iranian cleric man haron monis has been revealed as --full story
security forces storm sydney hostage cafe : australian security forces stormed the cafe where several hostages
police have just stormed the coffee shop . lots of bangs and flashes . waiting for word of fate of hostages and gunman
breaking news for aus - sydney seige over after 7 hostages escape , shots fired possibly 2 people dead and 3 injured :-(
thank goodness is over . that footage though . horrifying .
has susan rice blamed the sydney hostage incident on a youtube video yet ?
. it is like trivializing this things . i've idiots who are cursing rss in connection with . assholiness has no limits
gunman behind sydney siege revealed : sydney : iranian cleric man haron monis has been revealed as --full story
so whats actually going down in ? someone fill me in please
police have just stormed the coffee shop . lots of bangs and flashes . waiting for word of fate of hostages and gunman
so relieved that the is over . hoping wishing and praying that the hostages are ok
thank goodness is over . that footage though . horrifying .
reports he shot 1 of the hostages and that made the police enter the premises , they had no choice
. it is like trivializing this things . i've idiots who are cursing rss in connection with . assholiness has no limits
just in : australian police confirm sydney siege is over | afp
so whats actually going down in ? someone fill me in please
if innocents have died and you're still thanking god be ashamed .
so relieved that the is over . hoping wishing and praying that the hostages are ok
[cnn] watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn affil
reports he shot 1 of the hostages and that made the police enter the premises , they had no choice
rt if you think would find a way to blame rss for
just in : australian police confirm sydney siege is over | afp
wow so many shots fired in that cafe . amazing if only the gunman was killed
if innocents have died and you're still thanking god be ashamed .
so glad to read the is finally over . kudos to the - thoughts and prayers with victims and their families .
[cnn] watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn affil
both channels 7 9 have earnt a great deal of respect handled this situation perfectly stayed away from harmful speculation
rt if you think would find a way to blame rss for
keeping those impacted by the in our thoughts and prayers .
wow so many shots fired in that cafe . amazing if only the gunman was killed
sydney siege : irris makler , reporter on france 24 being presumptuous on the issue of civil liberties in the aftermath of the siege .
so glad to read the is finally over . kudos to the - thoughts and prayers with victims and their families .
i hope the gunman is dead ! rip if the other death it's a hostage
both channels 7 9 have earnt a great deal of respect handled this situation perfectly stayed away from harmful speculation
the moment police storm cafe at centre of
keeping those impacted by the in our thoughts and prayers .
after infidel --#illridewithyou moslem -- not posibl i go to heaven u to hell
sydney siege : irris makler , reporter on france 24 being presumptuous on the issue of civil liberties in the aftermath of the siege .
on the other side of the world and all i kept thinking is how horrible for something like that to unfold back home in sydney .
i hope the gunman is dead ! rip if the other death it's a hostage
police say siege at cafe is over and hostages have been released .
the moment police storm cafe at centre of
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via a sad day for progressives .
after infidel --#illridewithyou moslem -- not posibl i go to heaven u to hell
hope everyone got out okay . kudos to the australian police for doing the right thing at the right time .
on the other side of the world and all i kept thinking is how horrible for something like that to unfold back home in sydney .
^..1104 ap-as-apnewsalert ,9 sydney (ap) -- number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear . ap-wf -12-15-14 1602 gmt
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via a sad day for progressives .
great job by australian media , didn't publicize terrorist demands , didn't live tweet police action
hope everyone got out okay . kudos to the australian police for doing the right thing at the right time .
oh , and 5 dead in a spree shooting in the philly suburbs , gunman barricaded in a home .
^..1104 ap-as-apnewsalert ,9 sydney (ap) -- number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear . ap-wf -12-15-14 1602 gmt
my heart goes out to the families of those affected by the sigh innocent lives lost because of a heartless human .
about sydney . everyone is so calm . police , journalists , even hostages .. everyone but arnab . he is yelling at floating heads .#beganishadi
good work to all emergency operators in sydney australia .
great job by australian media , didn't publicize terrorist demands , didn't live tweet police action
the indian it professional vishwak antankit is safe , who was among the hostages in a sydney cafe , came out safe
oh , and 5 dead in a spree shooting in the philly suburbs , gunman barricaded in a home .
paramedics resuscitate casualties as dramatically ends in gunfire and explosions
my heart goes out to the families of those affected by the sigh innocent lives lost because of a heartless human .
judging by the volume of gun fire i'd say the scum terrorist most likely looks like melted chocolate
good work to all emergency operators in sydney australia .
why was a guy who killed his wife and raped women free in the first place ?!! he should've been locked away years ago .
the indian it professional vishwak antankit is safe , who was among the hostages in a sydney cafe , came out safe
ummm sydney was just under lockdown for 16 hours in fear of a terrorist attack and people have been hurt and they haven't -
paramedics resuscitate casualties as dramatically ends in gunfire and explosions
a shame the came to a head the way it did . we all wanted this to be the textbook example , but we got a case study .
judging by the volume of gun fire i'd say the scum terrorist most likely looks like melted chocolate
relieved it's over . heart goes out to victims .
why was a guy who killed his wife and raped women free in the first place ?!! he should've been locked away years ago .
update : reports police officer may have a pellet wound to face
ummm sydney was just under lockdown for 16 hours in fear of a terrorist attack and people have been hurt and they haven't -
obama quicker to label as terrorism than he is attacks in u .s.
a shame the came to a head the way it did . we all wanted this to be the textbook example , but we got a case study .
father-of-four describes encounter with sydney cafe siege gunman moments before he took dozens hostage
relieved it's over . heart goes out to victims .
tt worldwide 17 :121.#sydneysiege2.#malenanaglobo3.#11monthswithgot74.#newjohnnynickname5.#tequisistematarcuando7.man haron monis
update : reports police officer may have a pellet wound to face
thoughts , however trivial they seem , are with the victims and families of those involved
obama quicker to label as terrorism than he is attacks in u .s.
update me on the sydney siege yeah ?
father-of-four describes encounter with sydney cafe siege gunman moments before he took dozens hostage
relieved the hostage crisis is over , but saddened to learn there were loss of lives . good thoughts to the people of .
tt worldwide 17 :121.#sydneysiege2.#malenanaglobo3.#11monthswithgot74.#newjohnnynickname5.#tequisistematarcuando7.man haron monis
what is happening in sydney ? i just got a push notification that the siege is over and i am like wtf
thoughts , however trivial they seem , are with the victims and families of those involved
police storm sydney siege cafewatching it live and it's dramatic stuff . those poor people-and waiting families .
update me on the sydney siege yeah ?
guess it's a good thing we aren't in sydney . and do people really hate us that much to attack innocent people !?
relieved the hostage crisis is over , but saddened to learn there were loss of lives . good thoughts to the people of .
hostage situation in sydney cafe is over .. australian police said .
what is happening in sydney ? i just got a push notification that the siege is over and i am like wtf
lone wolf from central casting . he wrote taunting letters to families of slain oz soldiers
police storm sydney siege cafewatching it live and it's dramatic stuff . those poor people-and waiting families .
ends with the death of two people ,one was killed by the terrorist . this is yet another example of society being ruins .
guess it's a good thing we aren't in sydney . and do people really hate us that much to attack innocent people !?
the sydney cafe hostage crisis is over .
hostage situation in sydney cafe is over .. australian police said .
australian broadcaster is reporting that there have been two deaths in :
lone wolf from central casting . he wrote taunting letters to families of slain oz soldiers
cnn : video footage shows police storming sydney cafe (via )
ends with the death of two people ,one was killed by the terrorist . this is yet another example of society being ruins .
at least 2 people dead in the hostage situation in sydney sad sad sad need to put haron monis asleep
australian broadcaster is reporting that there have been two deaths in :
don't really care , when there has just been a siege in sydney with apparently 2 dead .
cnn : video footage shows police storming sydney cafe (via )
good lord ! what is wrong with some people ? even if it happened on the other side of the planet , it still gives me the creeps .
at least 2 people dead in the hostage situation in sydney sad sad sad need to put haron monis asleep
demands of recorded sent to police as the situation developed on monday
sydney hostage siege over with two dead , others injured . a sad day for australia --
live : sydney siege : hostages held at martin place cafe via
good lord ! what is wrong with some people ? even if it happened on the other side of the planet , it still gives me the creeps .
you've done an amazing job tonight paul murray with sharon mckenzie vanessa grimm is that james ?
demands of recorded sent to police as the situation developed on monday
important that this time she doesn't neglect 2 mention the involvement of the gunman on the grassy knoll the roswell aliens
live : sydney siege : hostages held at martin place cafe via
sydney quit talking about cj idc
attack at lindt cafe , sydney reminds of 26 /11 mumbai terrorist attack . thank god , the hostage crisis is over . only 2 shot dead .
another shameful act took place on sydney by a muslim . this muslims representing islam as a religion of
you've done an amazing job tonight paul murray with sharon mckenzie vanessa grimm is that james ?
2 hostage situations in 2 countries on the same daycoincidence ?
important that this time she doesn't neglect 2 mention the involvement of the gunman on the grassy knoll the roswell aliens
let's keep not talking about mental health here , cnn .#sydneysiege
sydney quit talking about cj idc
whatta hell with this 'sydney siege '? can anyone tell me ? i don't get it
another shameful act took place on sydney by a muslim . this muslims representing islam as a religion of
ongoing coverage thru the morning here taking skynews other sources
let's keep not talking about mental health here , cnn .#sydneysiege
not liking now is sensationalising the stories even though crediting 7 news
whatta hell with this 'sydney siege '? can anyone tell me ? i don't get it
australian police : sydney hostage situation over
ongoing coverage thru the morning here taking skynews other sources
after nearly 17 hours , im glad the is over
the is over - according to at least 2 hostages have been seen with injuries . there were shots fired
oh no , our headlines are filled with awful news in sydney . we hope you and yours are well !
not liking now is sensationalising the stories even though crediting 7 news
the man behind the martin place siege via
australian police : sydney hostage situation over
don't ever take life for granted
after nearly 17 hours , im glad the is over
photo : paramedics treating , transporting a number of hostages after sydney hostage siege -
oh no , our headlines are filled with awful news in sydney . we hope you and yours are well !
breaking : hostages are free , police says
the man behind the martin place siege via
reading all the tweets on the my faith in humanity is restored seeing the outpouring of love towards those affected x
don't ever take life for granted
if any good can be taken out of a hideous situation , it's definitely this
photo : paramedics treating , transporting a number of hostages after sydney hostage siege -
i can't believe they tweet about sydney concert but not the real siege in sydney love u 5 sos but what r u doing
breaking : hostages are free , police says
sky news confirmed that the gunman is one of two people killed
reading all the tweets on the my faith in humanity is restored seeing the outpouring of love towards those affected x
appears this sydney gunman was self-styled cleric , not trained or recognised as such by any branch of the religion
if any good can be taken out of a hideous situation , it's definitely this
its vishwakant reddy , this is not expected from an official account that too of foreign minister of the country
i can't believe they tweet about sydney concert but not the real siege in sydney love u 5 sos but what r u doing
no word on sheikh haron's fate . but i think we all know he's most likely dead .
sky news confirmed that the gunman is one of two people killed
sad for loss of life also sad for anyone saying 2 dead out of 50 isn't bad . it's someone's friend , family member that's gone
appears this sydney gunman was self-styled cleric , not trained or recognised as such by any branch of the religion
photos :the scene in sydney where hostages where trapped inside a cafe .
its vishwakant reddy , this is not expected from an official account that too of foreign minister of the country
the sydney hostage situation is finally over :
no word on sheikh haron's fate . but i think we all know he's most likely dead .
breaking : gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsyd
sad for loss of life also sad for anyone saying 2 dead out of 50 isn't bad . it's someone's friend , family member that's gone
i didn't realize that deval patrick had family on the sydney police force .
photos :the scene in sydney where hostages where trapped inside a cafe .
just seems unreal . video : the moment police storm cafe at centre of
the sydney hostage situation is finally over :
grant williams exec producer a current affairs , trained hostage negotiation .#sydneysiege
breaking : gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsyd
police sent a robot inside to assess actual situation n chk out suspicious object if any
i didn't realize that deval patrick had family on the sydney police force .
feel sorry for victims of it .prayers 4 them
just seems unreal . video : the moment police storm cafe at centre of
keep the people of sydney , australia , who suffered a hostage situation today , which has ended , in your thoughts and prayers .
grant williams exec producer a current affairs , trained hostage negotiation .#sydneysiege
glad is finally over . stay strong
police sent a robot inside to assess actual situation n chk out suspicious object if any
my prayers n thoughts are with the victims of the sydney siege . but please don't blame an extremist ' act on any religion .
feel sorry for victims of it .prayers 4 them
after 16 hours the is finally over . early reports say 2 dead and 3 injured .
keep the people of sydney , australia , who suffered a hostage situation today , which has ended , in your thoughts and prayers .
reading about the gunman in sydney again confirms the intimate link between isis and mental illness .
glad is finally over . stay strong
glad ateh is back from sydney for another month .
my prayers n thoughts are with the victims of the sydney siege . but please don't blame an extremist ' act on any religion .
oh gosh sydneypraying for no further casualties
after 16 hours the is finally over . early reports say 2 dead and 3 injured .
uncomfirmed reports that the gunman is either dead or in custody . presuming he is dead . watched them throw hella flashbangs live
reading about the gunman in sydney again confirms the intimate link between isis and mental illness .
new post on my blog : sydney siege : iranian refugee with criminal past named as gunman in hostage standoff
glad ateh is back from sydney for another month .
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after
oh gosh sydneypraying for no further casualties
positive thoughts and well wishes to sydney .
uncomfirmed reports that the gunman is either dead or in custody . presuming he is dead . watched them throw hella flashbangs live
terrorist's ideology identity is everything except what he says it is , even if he waves a flag in ur face
new post on my blog : sydney siege : iranian refugee with criminal past named as gunman in hostage standoff
blaming a religion for its followers actions is like blaming the reader for missing the plot of a story .
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after
im confused . we knew it was one gun man . we knew he had 10 + hostages ? then why wait untill he has to murder innocent ppl
positive thoughts and well wishes to sydney .
my heart goes out to the innocent victim killed in the i hope muslims are victimised out of this great country
terrorist's ideology identity is everything except what he says it is , even if he waves a flag in ur face
is finally over i really do hope everyone is alright
im confused . we knew it was one gun man . we knew he had 10 + hostages ? then why wait untill he has to murder innocent ppl
bomb detection robot is still inside cafe in sydney following end of 17 hour siege . two dead . three seriously injured . gunman , hostage dead .
my heart goes out to the innocent victim killed in the i hope muslims are victimised out of this great country
a hard day's night for those hostages of .
you can not use religion to justify your action . you just can't .
very excited by out of solidarity for muslims in sydney - solidarity over fear !
bomb detection robot is still inside cafe in sydney following end of 17 hour siege . two dead . three seriously injured . gunman , hostage dead .
this is just so surreal , i can't believe something like this has happened in sydney - i've never felt anything but safe there .
a hard day's night for those hostages of .
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nea
i was hoping you wouldn't post a sydney related picture at this time but
it's finally over , the scenes are heartbreaking . prayers for all those involved
very excited by out of solidarity for muslims in sydney - solidarity over fear !
cnn quoting seven , i think . sky reporting 4 injured , gunman killed . still unconfirmed .
this is just so surreal , i can't believe something like this has happened in sydney - i've never felt anything but safe there .
unfortunately , the media is going to use the to defame the entire religion of islam yet again . so sad .
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nea
reports say 2 dead , 3 injured in sydney hostage situation . - lock and tony
it's finally over , the scenes are heartbreaking . prayers for all those involved
iranian gunman dead in sydney via
cnn quoting seven , i think . sky reporting 4 injured , gunman killed . still unconfirmed .
while the sydney siege was happening there's a shooting spree in the us and another hostage taking at belgium
unfortunately , the media is going to use the to defame the entire religion of islam yet again . so sad .
hope the gunman is down and rumours about 2 deaths untrue .
reports say 2 dead , 3 injured in sydney hostage situation . - lock and tony
want to know more about man haron monis ? looks like his website has beens suspended -
iranian gunman dead in sydney via
totally gripped to what is occurring in sydney . my heart goes out to all those involved (except the gunman ) :(
while the sydney siege was happening there's a shooting spree in the us and another hostage taking at belgium
saddened by the news from such a wonderful , beautiful city
hope the gunman is down and rumours about 2 deaths untrue .
islam is religion of peace !!! the main perpetrators of were hindus , buddhists , sikhs jains !!!
want to know more about man haron monis ? looks like his website has beens suspended -
sydney siege : infosys employee among hostages - the hindu
totally gripped to what is occurring in sydney . my heart goes out to all those involved (except the gunman ) :(
dtn world news : sydney siege : police storm cafe : gunman had taken control of cafe in sydney , seizing an unknow
saddened by the news from such a wonderful , beautiful city
dtn world news : uber draws criticism for sydney siege pricing : ride service reverses course to offer free ride
islam is religion of peace !!! the main perpetrators of were hindus , buddhists , sikhs jains !!!
7 news are reporting that a police officer may have been injured
sydney siege : infosys employee among hostages - the hindu
thanks god , the standoff ends finally in sydney .
dtn world news : sydney siege : police storm cafe : gunman had taken control of cafe in sydney , seizing an unknow
any level of education would not be enough 2 make des islamic pig human .dey are d worst animal god has created
7 news are reporting that a police officer may have been injured
r breaking : reports have emerged that two people died during the
thanks god , the standoff ends finally in sydney .
it's crucial that you know that this was a self-styled terrorist and not a real terroristy terrorist .
any level of education would not be enough 2 make des islamic pig human .dey are d worst animal god has created
it was hilarious no religion support this , i got trolled by few ppl i hope they ll see the truth may god help them
and it's over !!!! thank you to all emergency services !! you should all be commended .
police name sydney hostage taker as radical cleric haron monis .
r breaking : reports have emerged that two people died during the
[ut world ] sydney siege : police storm cafe : gunman had taken control of cafe in sydney , seizing an unknown num
it's crucial that you know that this was a self-styled terrorist and not a real terroristy terrorist .
oh my gosh be careful in sydney please .
it was hilarious no religion support this , i got trolled by few ppl i hope they ll see the truth may god help them
hope all hostages and forces involved in the are alive and well , thoughts are with you
[ut world ] sydney siege : police storm cafe : gunman had taken control of cafe in sydney , seizing an unknown num
omg that's horrible !!!what russia has to do with sydney omgyup we need a new island and the usa
hope all hostages and forces involved in the are alive and well , thoughts are with you
sydney siege : police storm cafe : gunman had taken control of cafe in sydney , seizing an unknown number (usto)
gunman named as man haron monis - telegraph -
watch : the moment when police stormed the sydney cafe - -
omg that's horrible !!!what russia has to do with sydney omgyup we need a new island and the usa
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a
urgent : police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed (urgent)
just heard about , keeping victims in my thoughts , and praying for the safety of the muslim pop of australia . what a world .
sydney siege : police storm cafe : gunman had taken control of cafe in sydney , seizing an unknown number (usto)
everytime things are calming down , something happens muslims are in the spotlight again . constant brainwashing
just heard about , keeping victims in my thoughts , and praying for the safety of the muslim pop of australia . what a world .
should immediately make an announcement wrt any casualties . speculation is rife and not helpful to anyone concerned .
everytime things are calming down , something happens muslims are in the spotlight again . constant brainwashing
pizza provided for everyone out here . lots more boxes before .
sydney siege : hostages flee cafe , cops move in : gunfire erupts as police storm a choco
two hostages dead , 3 injured . an indian who was held inside the cafe as hostage came out safely , his father says .
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police
sydney siege is over . it was a less than five minutes operation . live on tv . kenya will get to this level
should immediately make an announcement wrt any casualties . speculation is rife and not helpful to anyone concerned .
so grateful the sydney siege is over . sad to hear that a few hostages died , but happy that most made it out alive . thoughts and prayers . xx
pizza provided for everyone out here . lots more boxes before .
!! 'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as poli via
two hostages dead , 3 injured . an indian who was held inside the cafe as hostage came out safely , his father says .
gunman identified in sydney hostage crisis
sydney siege is over . it was a less than five minutes operation . live on tv . kenya will get to this level
thank god for putting end to the sydney hostage crisis . all countries must take extreme step to fight against terrorism
!! 'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as poli via
hostage taker wanted to send offensive letters to families of dead british soldiers
gunman identified in sydney hostage crisis
what i notice from live coverage in sydney : complete faith in their police to protect . full support . take note , usa .
thank god for putting end to the sydney hostage crisis . all countries must take extreme step to fight against terrorism
i feel bad for sydney but if this is hard for them , i'd hate for anything worse to happen -.- australia always seems so peaceful tbh .
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots *not news
sydney live : two people were given cpr by medicos , siege may be over - firstpost
hostage taker wanted to send offensive letters to families of dead british soldiers
thank god the hostage situation in sydney is over , yay !!! :)
what i notice from live coverage in sydney : complete faith in their police to protect . full support . take note , usa .
he was a self-proclaimed cleric . the sydney muslim community don't recognise him as one .
i feel bad for sydney but if this is hard for them , i'd hate for anything worse to happen -.- australia always seems so peaceful tbh .
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a cho
sydney live : two people were given cpr by medicos , siege may be over - firstpost
confirmed two fatalities . one is the gunman
thank god the hostage situation in sydney is over , yay !!! :)
lets praymay the kardashians be held hostage for the rest of eternity . no one should dare pay their ransom amen !#sydneysiege
he was a self-proclaimed cleric . the sydney muslim community don't recognise him as one .
just woke up . trying to get on top of the situation . whats happening ?
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a cho
weve watched a 15 hour livestream on a terrorist attack in sydney yet you care about your flights ok
confirmed two fatalities . one is the gunman
were the police excited or inexperienced in handling such situation ? how hostages got shot ?
lets praymay the kardashians be held hostage for the rest of eternity . no one should dare pay their ransom amen !#sydneysiege
minimum of two hostages were injured .hope for them , they didn't deserve this . pray they come out alive .#sydneysiege
just woke up . trying to get on top of the situation . whats happening ?
turned on the tv to see how the situation was in sydney . 30 seconds later police stormed the building . absolutely surreal and horrifying
weve watched a 15 hour livestream on a terrorist attack in sydney yet you care about your flights ok
video shows australian hostages escaping towards police .
were the police excited or inexperienced in handling such situation ? how hostages got shot ?
is it a coincidence that most mad fanatics who create situations like belong to a particular religion ???
minimum of two hostages were injured .hope for them , they didn't deserve this . pray they come out alive .#sydneysiege
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named : sydney (reuters) - australian security forces on tuesday stormed the s
turned on the tv to see how the situation was in sydney . 30 seconds later police stormed the building . absolutely surreal and horrifying
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named : sydney (reuters) - australian source : reuters
video shows australian hostages escaping towards police .
a huge sigh of relief as the is confirmed to be over . news reports indicate that two people have died .
is it a coincidence that most mad fanatics who create situations like belong to a particular religion ???
bbc news - sydney cafe siege : australia police storm building excellent work by our friends down under
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named : sydney (reuters) - australian security forces on tuesday stormed the s
video shows moment police fire into building as they storm coffee shop ,
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named : sydney (reuters) - australian source : reuters
five people are dead after multiple shootings in pennsylvania . the gunman is on the loose .
a huge sigh of relief as the is confirmed to be over . news reports indicate that two people have died .
nice work --- uber backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
bbc news - sydney cafe siege : australia police storm building excellent work by our friends down under
is over after 15 hours with potentially 2 fatalaties and 3 injured :
video shows moment police fire into building as they storm coffee shop ,
cafe hostage situation 'is over ', say police as two are reported dead
five people are dead after multiple shootings in pennsylvania . the gunman is on the loose .
really , people ? making / rting jokes about sydney ? you were aware that people were killed , weren't you ?
nice work --- uber backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
techie arrested in bangaluru for propogating isis ; self styled sheikh takes hostages captive in sydney . global challenge remains challenge
is over after 15 hours with potentially 2 fatalaties and 3 injured :
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : read more
cafe hostage situation 'is over ', say police as two are reported dead
one coward's bullshit act cannot create doubt on billion people's faith . sydney showed to the world today .
really , people ? making / rting jokes about sydney ? you were aware that people were killed , weren't you ?
breaking : one female hostage seen in the youtube videos voicing the gunman's demands was carried away by police
techie arrested in bangaluru for propogating isis ; self styled sheikh takes hostages captive in sydney . global challenge remains challenge
latest from - - the armed siege is over .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : read more
abc reporting done well , actually saying 2 people dead unconfirmed unlike channel seven
one coward's bullshit act cannot create doubt on billion people's faith . sydney showed to the world today .
so the gunman was praying to his god and lots were praying to another god . and yet there were multiple deaths . where was god ?
breaking : one female hostage seen in the youtube videos voicing the gunman's demands was carried away by police
cops just stormed the cafe in sydney . lets hope it went well and few /no hostages died .
abc reporting done well , actually saying 2 people dead unconfirmed unlike channel seven
i'm on air now with ongoing coverage thru the morning at taking skynews other sources
so the gunman was praying to his god and lots were praying to another god . and yet there were multiple deaths . where was god ?
it hasn't been confirmed yet but word is that one of them was a hostage , the other the supid f **king ass of a gunman
cops just stormed the cafe in sydney . lets hope it went well and few /no hostages died .
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a chocolate shop
sydney siege : hostages flee cafe , cops move in : gunfire erupts as police storm a chocolate shop in sydney , aus
per ap : many australians offered on twitter to accompany muslims who were afraid of a backlash from the cafe siege .
i'm on air now with ongoing coverage thru the morning at taking skynews other sources
i still don't know what happend in sydney i was sleeping
it hasn't been confirmed yet but word is that one of them was a hostage , the other the supid f **king ass of a gunman
finally australian police confirm sydney cafe hostage has ended : tv reports
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a chocolate shop
i will believe terror has no religion the day so called moderates will not stop govt from making tough anti-terror laws
per ap : many australians offered on twitter to accompany muslims who were afraid of a backlash from the cafe siege .
sydney hostages forced to make demand videos . won't see this on msm .
i still don't know what happend in sydney i was sleeping
is over congratulations new south wales state police
finally australian police confirm sydney cafe hostage has ended : tv reports
to all the idiots that thought nothing would happen think next time before tweeting innocent lives have been lost . rip
i will believe terror has no religion the day so called moderates will not stop govt from making tough anti-terror laws
what is the world coming to ? people taking selfies outside a hostage situation ?! idiots
sydney hostages forced to make demand videos . won't see this on msm .
why is an alleged accessory to murder with 40 sexual assault charges on bail
is over congratulations new south wales state police
finally got over .indian techie rescued succesfully
to all the idiots that thought nothing would happen think next time before tweeting innocent lives have been lost . rip
where are these media outlets getting their sources about the 'confirmed' deaths ? i've heard nothing on the live feeds .
what is the world coming to ? people taking selfies outside a hostage situation ?! idiots
three cheers for cops in sydney what would say to this ?
why is an alleged accessory to murder with 40 sexual assault charges on bail
muz terrorist killed in stand-off hostage taking in sydney australia coffee shop pay attention us citizens xtreme and global jihad .
finally got over .indian techie rescued succesfully
and 5 sos dont ? 5 sos are from sydney and they're doing promo ? wtf is up with thatv
where are these media outlets getting their sources about the 'confirmed' deaths ? i've heard nothing on the live feeds .
can i draw ur attention to the fact that sydney was just in lockdown for 16 hours and it's ended but people have been injured :-)
three cheers for cops in sydney what would say to this ?
full story : police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed
muz terrorist killed in stand-off hostage taking in sydney australia coffee shop pay attention us citizens xtreme and global jihad .
the sounds and sights i experienced tonight were surreal , my thoughts are with the families involved
and 5 sos dont ? 5 sos are from sydney and they're doing promo ? wtf is up with thatv
i just saw about sydney situation on the news . everyone in sydney please be careful and stay safe .
the sounds and sights i experienced tonight were surreal , my thoughts are with the families involved
police storm hostage situation in sydney : police storm hostage situation in sydney (cbs)
i just saw about sydney situation on the news . everyone in sydney please be careful and stay safe .
news about the siege left me speechless , but was glad to see this initiative
breaking news : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours -
video : police raid with stun grenades machine gun fire (live)
police storm hostage situation in sydney : police storm hostage situation in sydney (cbs)
is it just me or can no one else function with all this sydney stuff :(
news about the siege left me speechless , but was glad to see this initiative
good to see that the is over . thoughts with the hostages and their friends and family .
video : police raid with stun grenades machine gun fire (live)
as many as 5 dead in suburban philadelphia shootings ; gunman barricaded
this is the first time in living memory something like this has happened in sydney , things like this just don't ever happen .
if someone saw his hysteria in the program , many will be confused whether the siege is happening in india or sydney .
is it just me or can no one else function with all this sydney stuff :(
islam is proving itself to be the choosen vehicle of international terrorism .its basic tenents are unaccepable to the humanity .
good to see that the is over . thoughts with the hostages and their friends and family .
so shall we agree it's just a crazy murderer , a domestic rapist , and sex freak - or are we still on the islamist theologist page ?#sydneysiege
as many as 5 dead in suburban philadelphia shootings ; gunman barricaded
did you not hear about the sydney siege bc you don't seem bothered
if someone saw his hysteria in the program , many will be confused whether the siege is happening in india or sydney .
if this is the meaning of god . i love the devil the most
islam is proving itself to be the choosen vehicle of international terrorism .its basic tenents are unaccepable to the humanity .
suspect in sydney standoff known to police : iranian-born refugee identified as alleged .com
so shall we agree it's just a crazy murderer , a domestic rapist , and sex freak - or are we still on the islamist theologist page ?#sydneysiege
gunshots at sydney hostage scene : gunfire could be heard in the vicinity of the cafe in sydney where h
did you not hear about the sydney siege bc you don't seem bothered
: don't blame for !don't blame for !lets sue gun manufacturers for !
if this is the meaning of god . i love the devil the most
raw video : police storm sydney cafe
suspect in sydney standoff known to police : iranian-born refugee identified as alleged .com
woke up .. it's 3 am here and it's over but not all good news it seems .
gunshots at sydney hostage scene : gunfire could be heard in the vicinity of the cafe in sydney where h
if the police had acted sooner it may have ended with no hostages being killed just the gunman
: don't blame for !don't blame for !lets sue gun manufacturers for !
mr fernandez you look exhausted ! thanks to you colleagues for trying to keep reporting reasoned unhysterical
raw video : police storm sydney cafe
another deranged lone wolf hope any other lost souls thinking about such things see how well it always ends for the perpetrator .
woke up .. it's 3 am here and it's over but not all good news it seems .
yes when a kid but so was sydney crosby and just before socchi and didn't work !
if the police had acted sooner it may have ended with no hostages being killed just the gunman
a most beautiful humanitarian gesture telling muslim community in australia that they are safe in light of
mr fernandez you look exhausted ! thanks to you colleagues for trying to keep reporting reasoned unhysterical
i am very proud of and happy for for their live album but please keep the victims in sydney in your hearts and prayers
another deranged lone wolf hope any other lost souls thinking about such things see how well it always ends for the perpetrator .
praying that the 2 dead is untrue , hopefully only the gunman is the casualty
yes when a kid but so was sydney crosby and just before socchi and didn't work !
up to 5 dead , gunman barricaded in connected montgomery county shootings
a most beautiful humanitarian gesture telling muslim community in australia that they are safe in light of
watching the on while i work . truly terrifying .
i am very proud of and happy for for their live album but please keep the victims in sydney in your hearts and prayers
happy to hear the hostage crisis in sydney ends ! people safe !
praying that the 2 dead is untrue , hopefully only the gunman is the casualty
she is one of the people who did a video plea for the assailant .
up to 5 dead , gunman barricaded in connected montgomery county shootings
terrifying image mt hostages running from cafe in sydney before police stormed in
watching the on while i work . truly terrifying .
it ends . good work from media unlike indian news channel during 26 /11. horrific scenes for the hostages .
happy to hear the hostage crisis in sydney ends ! people safe !
oh shit looks like 2 hostages were killed in
she is one of the people who did a video plea for the assailant .
2 dead as police storm sydney cafe
terrifying image mt hostages running from cafe in sydney before police stormed in
lots of shoddy journalism going on atm , reporting on unconfirmed injuries /fatalities. wait for confirmation .
it ends . good work from media unlike indian news channel during 26 /11. horrific scenes for the hostages .
sydney siege : assessing the danger : former nypd commissioner howard safir weighs in on the
oh shit looks like 2 hostages were killed in
an injured hostage is wheeled to an ambulance during a cafe siege in sydney , australia :
2 dead as police storm sydney cafe
buzzfeedoz : injured hostages carried from cafe after dramatic finale . ambulances taking injured to hospital
lots of shoddy journalism going on atm , reporting on unconfirmed injuries /fatalities. wait for confirmation .
sydney hostage siege over : police : cnbc's carl quintanilla says police are reporting the si
sydney siege : assessing the danger : former nypd commissioner howard safir weighs in on the
my heart thoughts go out to those involved in the sydney hostage situation . may those passsed rip those alive receive the help they need
an injured hostage is wheeled to an ambulance during a cafe siege in sydney , australia :
[singapore today ] breaking : is over . more details to follow , nsw police say . live up : breakin
sydney hostage siege over : police : cnbc's carl quintanilla says police are reporting the si
buzzfeedoz : .nswpolice have done a truly amazing job over the last 18 hours (gettyimages pic )
my heart thoughts go out to those involved in the sydney hostage situation . may those passsed rip those alive receive the help they need
[singapore today ] : media reports say two people have died , while three others are in :
[singapore today ] breaking : is over . more details to follow , nsw police say . live up : breakin
can everyone please stop hating on 5 sos because of sydney
buzzfeedoz : hostages ran from the lindt cafe as heavily armed police went in (via gettyimages )
says d terrorist has done this for seeking attention omg indian media
buzzfeedoz : .nswpolice have done a truly amazing job over the last 18 hours (gettyimages pic )
male hostage flees sydney cafe and drops to the ground : via
[singapore today ] : media reports say two people have died , while three others are in :
for all you know some of the could have been drivers ! shame on you !
can everyone please stop hating on 5 sos because of sydney
rip to the innocent hostage killed in the sydney cafe
says d terrorist has done this for seeking attention omg indian media
7 news are reporting the 2 dead , 3 injured . have a police source saying gunman is one of the dead .
male hostage flees sydney cafe and drops to the ground : via
uk ,germany,france,aus ,italy will soon turn into islamic countries because they r fav destination 4 arab asylum seekers
for all you know some of the could have been drivers ! shame on you !
police say is over after more than 18 hours : toi
rip to the innocent hostage killed in the sydney cafe
prayers and sympathize for the people who died during the hostage .
7 news are reporting the 2 dead , 3 injured . have a police source saying gunman is one of the dead .
i hope and pray everyone is safe in sydney
uk ,germany,france,aus ,italy will soon turn into islamic countries because they r fav destination 4 arab asylum seekers
water wastewater | gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn
police say is over after more than 18 hours : toi
i thought australia has a 'points system ' for immigration . i am wondering how many points did the gunman score when he applied to enter ?
prayers and sympathize for the people who died during the hostage .
*shakes head in amazement * uber backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
i hope and pray everyone is safe in sydney
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled from a popu
water wastewater | gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn
interactive timeline : here is what happened in sydney on monday
i thought australia has a 'points system ' for immigration . i am wondering how many points did the gunman score when he applied to enter ?
[world news ] | | sydney hostage siege over |via news 24
*shakes head in amazement * uber backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
another follower of peaceful and tolerant islam has brought more innocents to their deaths in sydney , australia
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled from a popu
so glad the is over , proud to see the response though . terrorism will never bring a civilised society down .
interactive timeline : here is what happened in sydney on monday
due to situation closed to the public tues
another follower of peaceful and tolerant islam has brought more innocents to their deaths in sydney , australia
yeah , i know but i can't stand up with this fuc ***** religions war !!
so glad the is over , proud to see the response though . terrorism will never bring a civilised society down .
they'll be a lot of people who need to answer for this . could this have been prevented ? profile of the gunman ? security ?
due to situation closed to the public tues
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe : australian security forces on tuesday stormed the
sydney siege hostage taker named as iranian refugee man haron monis : an iranian refugee charged wi
watching euronews right now for the latest from sydney . so different to any other news channel in style and approach .
yeah , i know but i can't stand up with this fuc ***** religions war !!
our prayers are with those that have lost their lives in this tragic and senseless act on a madman .
they'll be a lot of people who need to answer for this . could this have been prevented ? profile of the gunman ? security ?
tense photos from the sydney hostage crisis via
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe : australian security forces on tuesday stormed the
if this happened in the usa police would be insulted for not doing enough , but australian police are praised .
watching euronews right now for the latest from sydney . so different to any other news channel in style and approach .
biggest victim f islamic terrorism are muslims themselves ,so we should be careful when playing partisan politics n naming
our prayers are with those that have lost their lives in this tragic and senseless act on a madman .
im so glad the people in sydney are safe
tense photos from the sydney hostage crisis via
glad is over with hostages saved . shows the good side of australia !
if this happened in the usa police would be insulted for not doing enough , but australian police are praised .
why do certain refugees damage the country that protects them ? stay in your own country if can't do any good ! , .
biggest victim f islamic terrorism are muslims themselves ,so we should be careful when playing partisan politics n naming
why , if this gunman is known to the police and has the sheet that he does .. is he granted bail and allowed in public ?!
im so glad the people in sydney are safe
worth remembering : anyone trying to score political points on the over the next 24 hours - left or right - is slime .
glad is over with hostages saved . shows the good side of australia !
it looks like the offender has fired on escaping hostages causing tac police to assault the cafe . casualties but unconfirmed
why do certain refugees damage the country that protects them ? stay in your own country if can't do any good ! , .
your country just had a hostage attack in sydney for like 17 hours and all you care about is your album woww !!!!
why , if this gunman is known to the police and has the sheet that he does .. is he granted bail and allowed in public ?!
martin place cafe siege over as police name gunman : police have stormed a cafe where an iranian self-styled sh
worth remembering : anyone trying to score political points on the over the next 24 hours - left or right - is slime .
just seem images of one of the females who appeared in the online demands video being carried away . thank god she is ok .
it looks like the offender has fired on escaping hostages causing tac police to assault the cafe . casualties but unconfirmed
best wishes for a speedy recovery to those injured in sydney . thoughts are with all those grieving .
your country just had a hostage attack in sydney for like 17 hours and all you care about is your album woww !!!!
hostage situation erupts in sydney cafe all i want to hear is that the raghead was killed .
martin place cafe siege over as police name gunman : police have stormed a cafe where an iranian self-styled sh
glad it is over . wish no one innocent had died . horrible people in the world . sad day
just seem images of one of the females who appeared in the online demands video being carried away . thank god she is ok .
per reports of 1 or 2 people shot . unconfirmed . pic of suspected gunman
best wishes for a speedy recovery to those injured in sydney . thoughts are with all those grieving .
wouldn't even kill that cunt in sydney i'd just lock him in a dark room for rest of his life and proper torture him
hostage situation erupts in sydney cafe all i want to hear is that the raghead was killed .
sydney's central business district affected by hostage crisis : an armed man in sydney , australia , has taken se
glad it is over . wish no one innocent had died . horrible people in the world . sad day
more tweets follow from chris reason , ch 7 sydney , aus journalist . his office is across street from lindt cafe
per reports of 1 or 2 people shot . unconfirmed . pic of suspected gunman
it's amazing how australian police have dealt with they think before using guns .
wouldn't even kill that cunt in sydney i'd just lock him in a dark room for rest of his life and proper torture him
i hope that waste of skin looks like swiss cheese
sydney's central business district affected by hostage crisis : an armed man in sydney , australia , has taken se
idk what i'd do with my life if something happened to the band while they were in sydney
more tweets follow from chris reason , ch 7 sydney , aus journalist . his office is across street from lindt cafe
16 hrs is not very assuring . according to cnn , the police swat were waiting on him to get tired and then go in .
it's amazing how australian police have dealt with they think before using guns .
photos : the scene in sydney where hostages were trapped inside a cafe .
i hope that waste of skin looks like swiss cheese
whether it's a plane crash or a terror attack or something else , an indian will be there !!
idk what i'd do with my life if something happened to the band while they were in sydney
the sydney siege now over , worst fears not entirely realised but 2 deceased , 3 injured extraordinary tactical response
16 hrs is not very assuring . according to cnn , the police swat were waiting on him to get tired and then go in .
mt update : reports police officer may have a pellet wound to face
photos : the scene in sydney where hostages were trapped inside a cafe .
jerusalem synagogue attack , sydney siege , kenya westgate , mumbai attacks many such attacks show that no place is safe in this world .
whether it's a plane crash or a terror attack or something else , an indian will be there !!
mesaage to islamic fuckwitts living in the west if you want to live like islamic barbariansfuck off to middle east ! sorted ! .
the sydney siege now over , worst fears not entirely realised but 2 deceased , 3 injured extraordinary tactical response
so now even seemingly safer cities like are coming under religious terror attacks !
mt update : reports police officer may have a pellet wound to face
everyone pray for sydney hope things get sorted out
jerusalem synagogue attack , sydney siege , kenya westgate , mumbai attacks many such attacks show that no place is safe in this world .
is over . vishwakant ankit reddy is safe . he will be back home soon : sushma swaraj
mesaage to islamic fuckwitts living in the west if you want to live like islamic barbariansfuck off to middle east ! sorted ! .
that footage of the raid gets more chilling the more i watch it .
so now even seemingly safer cities like are coming under religious terror attacks !
listening to sydney hostage situation on the newsall they're talking about are the soldiershow about the real fucking problem . the nutter !
everyone pray for sydney hope things get sorted out
because he'd been charged with 47 assaults etc , but not yet tried , thus not yet guilty
is over . vishwakant ankit reddy is safe . he will be back home soon : sushma swaraj
the situation in sydney is so fucked up
that footage of the raid gets more chilling the more i watch it .
glad the is over . praying for everyone to be safe .
listening to sydney hostage situation on the newsall they're talking about are the soldiershow about the real fucking problem . the nutter !
surprised with popularity of tag even as continues to climb . i should have ridden my pet on the wave .
because he'd been charged with 47 assaults etc , but not yet tried , thus not yet guilty
just home from work and seeing the end of the tonight . just hoping everyone got out safely . nobody should have this experience .
the situation in sydney is so fucked up
final momentsview of lindt cafe -- at centre of
glad the is over . praying for everyone to be safe .
i still don't get why a crazy man's action has to taint an entire faith
surprised with popularity of tag even as continues to climb . i should have ridden my pet on the wave .
it may even turn out that the hostage taker in didn't plant any bomb .
just home from work and seeing the end of the tonight . just hoping everyone got out safely . nobody should have this experience .
disgusting that uber brought up prices during the sydney attacks .
final momentsview of lindt cafe -- at centre of
jd (u), sp congress are using terrorism to survive in politics . made gujarat riot free . will make india too
i still don't get why a crazy man's action has to taint an entire faith
who is sydney gunman man haron monis ?
it may even turn out that the hostage taker in didn't plant any bomb .
people taking selfies at the siege in sydney , seriously ? it's not an exciting celeb event , it's life or death ! sick .
disgusting that uber brought up prices during the sydney attacks .
tickets in hand ready to watch the mighty blues make the journey from worth it .
jd (u), sp congress are using terrorism to survive in politics . made gujarat riot free . will make india too
good news - iranian gunmen shot dead - lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via
who is sydney gunman man haron monis ?
sydney siege is over : two dead after police storm lindt cafe ending 16 -hr hostage terror
people taking selfies at the siege in sydney , seriously ? it's not an exciting celeb event , it's life or death ! sick .
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots gunfire erupted as police storm
tickets in hand ready to watch the mighty blues make the journey from worth it .
12 hostages out of the building .. what's of the gunman ?
good news - iranian gunmen shot dead - lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via
entry made by assault teams carrying ballistic shields , firing stun grenade to disorient and small arms suppressing fire .
sydney siege is over : two dead after police storm lindt cafe ending 16 -hr hostage terror
amazing act of happening in australia right now .
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots gunfire erupted as police storm
thank goodness it's over . all we can hope for now is the mental and physical well being of those brave individuals .
12 hostages out of the building .. what's of the gunman ?
what a shocking situation . let's hope that everyone is safe .
entry made by assault teams carrying ballistic shields , firing stun grenade to disorient and small arms suppressing fire .
jis thali mein khaya usime chhed .
amazing act of happening in australia right now .
shocking . he had no respect for the country which gave him refuge at his hour of need .
thank goodness it's over . all we can hope for now is the mental and physical well being of those brave individuals .
sydney gunman's website promised vengeance against us , allies on december 14 th via
what a shocking situation . let's hope that everyone is safe .
gunman 'notorious for violence ' . i hope this scumbag got his just desserts .
jis thali mein khaya usime chhed .
energy storage | gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn
shocking . he had no respect for the country which gave him refuge at his hour of need .
salute to all the first responders who run towards danger ; we owe you much ; god bless
sydney gunman's website promised vengeance against us , allies on december 14 th via
gunman /hostage taker seems to be a loner . peeps better embrace your family and friends now .
gunman 'notorious for violence ' . i hope this scumbag got his just desserts .
it seems as if no one is dead ? 4 seriously injured ??
energy storage | gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn
the action is beautiful . i hope the work to address racism , islamophobia hate goes beyond this day .
salute to all the first responders who run towards danger ; we owe you much ; god bless
gunfire and blasts heard as police raid sydney siege cafe
gunman /hostage taker seems to be a loner . peeps better embrace your family and friends now .
i've always looked at as an obsession that blurs normal thinking . some times atleast . but taking one at is just inhuman
it seems as if no one is dead ? 4 seriously injured ??
he was also charged with sexual assault of a young woman . and yet he was not in prison ? unbelievable
the action is beautiful . i hope the work to address racism , islamophobia hate goes beyond this day .
in sydney the muslims do acts of kindness and the community starts support system .
gunfire and blasts heard as police raid sydney siege cafe
sending love to everyone in sydney . real proud of my aussie pals for . i envy your mateship . stay strong 3
i've always looked at as an obsession that blurs normal thinking . some times atleast . but taking one at is just inhuman
hoping those caught up in the sydney siege get out ok .
he was also charged with sexual assault of a young woman . and yet he was not in prison ? unbelievable
all over the sydney story , but decide to cut to break when the actual news is out that the hostage taker is down via
sending love to everyone in sydney . real proud of my aussie pals for . i envy your mateship . stay strong 3
by our external affairs minister .. can't even get the name of the lone indian hostage in right .. said ready for reddy
hoping those caught up in the sydney siege get out ok .
viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee who was held hostage along with an unknown number of people at a cafe in sydney ,
all over the sydney story , but decide to cut to break when the actual news is out that the hostage taker is down via
why hasn't opposition party in australia asked for tony abbott's resignation yet ? they should learn politics from india .
by our external affairs minister .. can't even get the name of the lone indian hostage in right .. said ready for reddy
credit to nsw police . the seemed to escalate extremely quickly . i hope everyone is okay and safe
viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee who was held hostage along with an unknown number of people at a cafe in sydney ,
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , - hope not .
why hasn't opposition party in australia asked for tony abbott's resignation yet ? they should learn politics from india .
1 policeman has headwound , ch 7 reports 2 dead further 3 injured sent to rpa st vincents
indian cricket team's security in brisbane tightened after sydney cafe episode
the kidnapper is probably one of the two people who killed during the raid
credit to nsw police . the seemed to escalate extremely quickly . i hope everyone is okay and safe
two hostages have been reported dead . my heart has just dropped . my thoughts are with all victims families and friend .
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , - hope not .
now : update : heavy gunfire erupts at sydney cafe after police storms in at least 6 hostages escape via
1 policeman has headwound , ch 7 reports 2 dead further 3 injured sent to rpa st vincents
5 dead in shootings near philadelphia : at least five people were killed early monday by a suspected gunman in
the kidnapper is probably one of the two people who killed during the raid
indian media is puzzled .hw to find a link between sydney terorrist and rsscc :
two hostages have been reported dead . my heart has just dropped . my thoughts are with all victims families and friend .
pix : sydney martin place siege end
now : update : heavy gunfire erupts at sydney cafe after police storms in at least 6 hostages escape via
he's a lone wolf and nothing to do with islam yeah right
5 dead in shootings near philadelphia : at least five people were killed early monday by a suspected gunman in
spare a thought for us in sydney , goin through the end of a terrorist style attack with gunfire
indian media is puzzled .hw to find a link between sydney terorrist and rsscc :
hostage situation over . no updates on condition of hostages or gunman yet
pix : sydney martin place siege end
why a single sniper didn't end this hours ago is a mystery to me .
he's a lone wolf and nothing to do with islam yeah right
glad that sydney siege is over . we need peace on earth , more than ever !
spare a thought for us in sydney , goin through the end of a terrorist style attack with gunfire
what a tragic end to such a distressing situation .
hostage situation over . no updates on condition of hostages or gunman yet
damn .situation in sydney this morning was super unfortunate . props to australian police though
why a single sniper didn't end this hours ago is a mystery to me .
it has been reported that the gunman was an iranian immigrant , out on bail as an accessory to murdering his ex wife .
glad that sydney siege is over . we need peace on earth , more than ever !
bear with us ; reports are coming thick and fast right now , and we're getting conflicting information
what a tragic end to such a distressing situation .
police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed : sydney : police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had taken
damn .situation in sydney this morning was super unfortunate . props to australian police though
praying for those injured and dead in australia
it has been reported that the gunman was an iranian immigrant , out on bail as an accessory to murdering his ex wife .
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for ne
bear with us ; reports are coming thick and fast right now , and we're getting conflicting information
waiting for good news for families of hostages
police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed : sydney : police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had taken
reports moved in after gunman shot a hostage . inquiry now needed at highest level . nation is in shock
praying for those injured and dead in australia
seeing conflicting reports about whether they are any deaths while police was ending the siege . i am praying there isn't any
source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for ne
gunmen in had strng christian inclination too ,but nobdy called him terrorist .but the guy in is already being called a terorist .
waiting for good news for families of hostages
the hostage situation in sydney , australia is finally over after 16 hours . two reportedly injured but details
reports moved in after gunman shot a hostage . inquiry now needed at highest level . nation is in shock
at least two people , including gunman reported dead after hostage situation in sydney
seeing conflicting reports about whether they are any deaths while police was ending the siege . i am praying there isn't any
some news channels are saying two dead , gunman being one of them
gunmen in had strng christian inclination too ,but nobdy called him terrorist .but the guy in is already being called a terorist .
praying for safety , peace and courage for sydney - especially the hostages , their families and the police
the hostage situation in sydney , australia is finally over after 16 hours . two reportedly injured but details
siege : australians come together to fight islamophobia with - globalnews .ca
at least two people , including gunman reported dead after hostage situation in sydney
isis gunman takes hostages in australian cafe (via cbn )
some news channels are saying two dead , gunman being one of them
police burst into cafe with hostages ; several killed in confrontation with suspect :
siege : australians come together to fight islamophobia with - globalnews .ca
as soon as they confirm that the gunman is dead i will be able to sleep tonight
isis gunman takes hostages in australian cafe (via cbn )
sounds like the first shot could have been the gunman towards a hostage . very loose talk about this though
police burst into cafe with hostages ; several killed in confrontation with suspect :
metro police : officer shot , teenage gunman killed after sunday night shootout : metro police shot and killed a
that sydney hostage thing was pretty cool to keep up with
so apparently one of the cops in the suffered a shotgun pellet wound to the face . holi fuk
as soon as they confirm that the gunman is dead i will be able to sleep tonight
bomb disposal team with a robot entered cafe after police stormed into cafe to end .
sounds like the first shot could have been the gunman towards a hostage . very loose talk about this though
reports emerge that two people have died during the absolutely awful news , and thoughts are with all affected .
metro police : officer shot , teenage gunman killed after sunday night shootout : metro police shot and killed a
how can you immigrate to paradise and then fight everything it stands for ?
so apparently one of the cops in the suffered a shotgun pellet wound to the face . holi fuk
gunfire erupts , hostages run for lives as police storm sydney siege - when will they stop letting these assholes in our country ??
bomb disposal team with a robot entered cafe after police stormed into cafe to end .
they keep saying it's over but erm where's the gunman ????
reports emerge that two people have died during the absolutely awful news , and thoughts are with all affected .
incredibly sad end to : two fatalities and several injured . man monis believed to be among the dead
how can you immigrate to paradise and then fight everything it stands for ?
the statistics of those killed or injured should , as early as possible , clearly distinguish between the gunman and hostages .
they keep saying it's over but erm where's the gunman ????
siao liao the sydney cafe siege .
incredibly sad end to : two fatalities and several injured . man monis believed to be among the dead
breaking : reports have emerged that two people died during the sydney siege
the statistics of those killed or injured should , as early as possible , clearly distinguish between the gunman and hostages .
so it turnes out the hostage taker is iranian she'at which means have nothing to do with isis or islam .just an iranian lunatic
siao liao the sydney cafe siege .
as long as isis can use as free advertising and propaganda they will always be one step ahead of the
breaking : reports have emerged that two people died during the sydney siege
if that sydney siege situation had been in nairobi java the army wud storm in 3 days later cctv vids of the guy drinking coffee inside
so it turnes out the hostage taker is iranian she'at which means have nothing to do with isis or islam .just an iranian lunatic
it's so sad that we live in a world full of fear , something needs to be done to stop terrorism thoughts are with sydney today
police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman was holding hostages .
i need an update on casualties /deaths i'm panicking struggling to breathe over here
as long as isis can use as free advertising and propaganda they will always be one step ahead of the
kudos to islamist group that condemns need more of same !
if that sydney siege situation had been in nairobi java the army wud storm in 3 days later cctv vids of the guy drinking coffee inside
keep your powder dry . if you think we won't see this caliphate's war with our own eyes , you're naive .
it's so sad that we live in a world full of fear , something needs to be done to stop terrorism thoughts are with sydney today
pakistani youth in karachi say that the is a drama done by australia's shadow government .
i need an update on casualties /deaths i'm panicking struggling to breathe over here
breaking : siege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn .
kudos to islamist group that condemns need more of same !
he was a true follower of prophet mohammed , was facing 40 + sexual /indecent assault charges
keep your powder dry . if you think we won't see this caliphate's war with our own eyes , you're naive .
so the ended up on blaming muslim terrorist !just a note : terrorist have no religion !
pakistani youth in karachi say that the is a drama done by australia's shadow government .
looool , anyway thanks god every thing good know in sydney
breaking : siege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn .
sydney is a reminder that terror is the new exportable civilisational identity . humanity is at threat . world must fight as one !
he was a true follower of prophet mohammed , was facing 40 + sexual /indecent assault charges
in sydney the hostage-taking ended in gunfire while i worried about the correct translation of a marketing email .bizarre. :(
so the ended up on blaming muslim terrorist !just a note : terrorist have no religion !
cannot help to feel that did not end the way anyone would have wanted . saying a huge prayer for the innocent deceased /injured:(
looool , anyway thanks god every thing good know in sydney
hit . above mentioned cafe is the place this took place . just minutes ago police broke in
sydney is a reminder that terror is the new exportable civilisational identity . humanity is at threat . world must fight as one !
apparantly one was the gunman and that must be the other , hope it's false
in sydney the hostage-taking ended in gunfire while i worried about the correct translation of a marketing email .bizarre. :(
my heart goes out to all of those people involved in this traumatic event , this is a really dark time for all of us
cannot help to feel that did not end the way anyone would have wanted . saying a huge prayer for the innocent deceased /injured:(
india need gujarat like rule for another 10 years to control terrorism in whatever form it is .
hit . above mentioned cafe is the place this took place . just minutes ago police broke in
is a low scale replay of . with the coming up , has become a terror target
apparantly one was the gunman and that must be the other , hope it's false
uber has found itself embroiled in yet another pr disaster : spiking prices as a hostage situation unfolded in sydney .
my heart goes out to all of those people involved in this traumatic event , this is a really dark time for all of us
they've confirmed 2 deaths , one a hostage not sure if the other one is a hostage or the gunman .
india need gujarat like rule for another 10 years to control terrorism in whatever form it is .
sydney siege is over .2 people reported killed and several are wounded .suspect: sheik haron , a self-styled
is a low scale replay of . with the coming up , has become a terror target
is indian media calling the as hostage drama ??? do they have any brains in the upper part of their body ??
uber has found itself embroiled in yet another pr disaster : spiking prices as a hostage situation unfolded in sydney .
david cameron : sydney hostage crisis reminds us of the 'threat we face ' in britain
they've confirmed 2 deaths , one a hostage not sure if the other one is a hostage or the gunman .
name of deceased sydney hostage cannot be released until family is contacted by nsw police .
sydney siege is over .2 people reported killed and several are wounded .suspect: sheik haron , a self-styled
the independent have tweeted pictures of a potentially dead person in the aftermath . who the fuck does their social now ?
is indian media calling the as hostage drama ??? do they have any brains in the upper part of their body ??
applaud to the australian media for their restraint in reporting the . indonesian media should learned from them .
david cameron : sydney hostage crisis reminds us of the 'threat we face ' in britain
sydney siege over as police storm lindt cafe via
the independent have tweeted pictures of a potentially dead person in the aftermath . who the fuck does their social now ?
iranian clerics are above the law in iran
applaud to the australian media for their restraint in reporting the . indonesian media should learned from them .
this is great news ! those of us who witnessed the mumbai siege of 2008, know what sydney ppl went thru !
the standoff is over but not without the deaths of some of the hostages ..my thoughts prayers are with their families today
why anaesthetic gas isn't used in hostage situation ?did the commandos have to go in like rambos ? cud hv avoided deaths
iranian clerics are above the law in iran
yeeshend of sydney hostage situation . hear it didn't go according to plan , but such things rarely do .
this is great news ! those of us who witnessed the mumbai siege of 2008, know what sydney ppl went thru !
two people have died in the sydney cafe siege , which ended when police stormed the cafe a short time ago . it is
my deepest condolence goes out to the people hurt and killed in sydney cafe , during the
sad that ppl telling their assumptions by quoting hashtag ..if it's unconfirmed then why u guys spreading d rumours
why anaesthetic gas isn't used in hostage situation ?did the commandos have to go in like rambos ? cud hv avoided deaths
sydney seige culprit name is haron monis in case u dnt know and cant spell or pronounce !! sic
yeeshend of sydney hostage situation . hear it didn't go according to plan , but such things rarely do .
babe are your family and friends doing okay in sydney ?
two people have died in the sydney cafe siege , which ended when police stormed the cafe a short time ago . it is
it's funny how all of sudden everyone is tweeting about sydney after harrys tweet when just few hours ago yall weren't even bothered smh
sad that ppl telling their assumptions by quoting hashtag ..if it's unconfirmed then why u guys spreading d rumours
according to i24 news , afp reporting 2 deaths , the gunman and a hostage .any confirmation from the bbc
sydney seige culprit name is haron monis in case u dnt know and cant spell or pronounce !! sic
coverage of the sydney hostage situation is very similar to the munich olympics
babe are your family and friends doing okay in sydney ?
so the sydney cafe hostage measure has officially ended now some people got hurt but it's not confirmed if anyone died
it's funny how all of sudden everyone is tweeting about sydney after harrys tweet when just few hours ago yall weren't even bothered smh
this can happen any where is just an eye opener . india should be prepared for these kind of cowardly acts .
according to i24 news , afp reporting 2 deaths , the gunman and a hostage .any confirmation from the bbc
the shows just how much information flow demand regarding emergencies have changed with development of social media
coverage of the sydney hostage situation is very similar to the munich olympics
gunman is dead , many more injured
so the sydney cafe hostage measure has officially ended now some people got hurt but it's not confirmed if anyone died
uber taxis in sydney raise prices during siege . this company is described as the most ethically challenged in silicon valley . nice guys .
this can happen any where is just an eye opener . india should be prepared for these kind of cowardly acts .
his honestly a sick man and such an asshole , he hurt , possibly even killed innocent people
the shows just how much information flow demand regarding emergencies have changed with development of social media
you are about 8 hours late , they are all out gunman down ?
gunman is dead , many more injured
i think there is an australian swat team guy who is looking at early retirement .
uber taxis in sydney raise prices during siege . this company is described as the most ethically challenged in silicon valley . nice guys .
it's over , just after 2 am , police move in after a group of hostages fled the cafe . sky news believes the gunman
his honestly a sick man and such an asshole , he hurt , possibly even killed innocent people
the gun shots from the sydney siege makes me feel so sick , how could someone be that sick in the head
you are about 8 hours late , they are all out gunman down ?
the over ! now you can take selfies !
i think there is an australian swat team guy who is looking at early retirement .
how was man haron monis previously granted bail ?!
it's over , just after 2 am , police move in after a group of hostages fled the cafe . sky news believes the gunman
casually watching live news and suddenly it all took off with my heart hasn't stopped thumping and concerned for those involved
the over ! now you can take selfies !
expert admitting gunman a lone wolf , but suggesting he did what isis wanted ! can stop the sensationalism ??
how was man haron monis previously granted bail ?!
sydney gunman also sent threatening letters in 2010 to families of eight australian soldiers killed in afghanistan
casually watching live news and suddenly it all took off with my heart hasn't stopped thumping and concerned for those involved
[video] sydney police storm cafe as several loud bangs are heard and hostages flee - at least 4 are wounded
expert admitting gunman a lone wolf , but suggesting he did what isis wanted ! can stop the sensationalism ??
it's over . i can sleep now .
sydney gunman also sent threatening letters in 2010 to families of eight australian soldiers killed in afghanistan
would be nice for families to be informed first - all this footage must be horrific for them to endure
[video] sydney police storm cafe as several loud bangs are heard and hostages flee - at least 4 are wounded
what happnd in sydney is condemnable and disturbing . thoughts with the people going through this terrible ordeal .
it's over . i can sleep now .
dear friends , i'm a muslim and these terrorists do not represent me .#there_is_no_religion_for_terrorism
would be nice for families to be informed first - all this footage must be horrific for them to endure
. it's over . terror crisis ends as shots werefired , police storm lindt cafe in as hostagesescaped . at least 4 injuries
what happnd in sydney is condemnable and disturbing . thoughts with the people going through this terrible ordeal .
heartbroken i am praying for all of australia the victims their families canada is praying for u
i love you guys but please take notice of what is happening in sydney right now
police : sydney cafe hostage situation over
dear friends , i'm a muslim and these terrorists do not represent me .#there_is_no_religion_for_terrorism
criminal past of mosin proves reality of muslim fundamentalists . thankfully he has no future . lessons for us in india too .
. it's over . terror crisis ends as shots werefired , police storm lindt cafe in as hostagesescaped . at least 4 injuries
i live in america and i'm more concerned and educated about the siege in sydney than the 5 sos boys and that's kinda upsetting
heartbroken i am praying for all of australia the victims their families canada is praying for u
aussie commandos end the siege in sydney cafe !! bloody hell them boys didn't mess about in there !! hope all are ok !!
police : sydney cafe hostage situation over
the siege is over in . and the hostages freed . from reports two people might be badly hurt . however we
criminal past of mosin proves reality of muslim fundamentalists . thankfully he has no future . lessons for us in india too .
alert : editor's note : police have confirmed that the sydney hostage siege is over , but the number of deaths , injuries and the fate of the
i live in america and i'm more concerned and educated about the siege in sydney than the 5 sos boys and that's kinda upsetting
my guess is that the gunman has been shot down and theyre now checking the body for any forms of explosives but who knows
aussie commandos end the siege in sydney cafe !! bloody hell them boys didn't mess about in there !! hope all are ok !!
australia : cnn , almeno due morti in blitz sydney =
the siege is over in . and the hostages freed . from reports two people might be badly hurt . however we
absolutely heartbreaking information coming out of .
alert : editor's note : police have confirmed that the sydney hostage siege is over , but the number of deaths , injuries and the fate of the
i've been watching the sydney siege live for 16 hours straight its 3.14 am omg
my guess is that the gunman has been shot down and theyre now checking the body for any forms of explosives but who knows
sydney jihadist hostage taker has been shot and killed ! some hostages have been injured !
australia : cnn , almeno due morti in blitz sydney =
omg terrible day for the hostages . my prayers for you all . so sorry
absolutely heartbreaking information coming out of .
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn affili
i've been watching the sydney siege live for 16 hours straight its 3.14 am omg
wait what's going on someone update me with sources and accurate info pls
sydney jihadist hostage taker has been shot and killed ! some hostages have been injured !
sydney's hostage pleads to a policeman .does she now feel the terror her government encouraged in the mideast ?.
omg terrible day for the hostages . my prayers for you all . so sorry
i hope we learn from the sydney siege . india is quite vulnerable from terrorisms .
wait what's going on someone update me with sources and accurate info pls
i'm actually stunned even from the safety of my home . can't even , and don't , want to imagine what the hostages went through .
sydney's hostage pleads to a policeman .does she now feel the terror her government encouraged in the mideast ?.
oh ok then cool just ignore what's happening in sydney atm
i hope we learn from the sydney siege . india is quite vulnerable from terrorisms .
our prayers go out to everyone in and the families who lost their loved ones
confirmation from nsw police that the is over
my thoughts prayers go out to everyone in australia especially those held hostage their families in the sydney cafe .
i'm actually stunned even from the safety of my home . can't even , and don't , want to imagine what the hostages went through .
is australia safe enough to host the cricket world cup ? should bcci put their cricket series on hold ? remember 1987 ?
oh ok then cool just ignore what's happening in sydney atm
all hail the of . let there be no room for terror in this world .
our prayers go out to everyone in and the families who lost their loved ones
(2/2) - at least two hostages seen with injuries .- nsw police confirmed siege is over .live:
my thoughts prayers go out to everyone in australia especially those held hostage their families in the sydney cafe .
wait guns are banned in sydney ? how did the gunman get a gun ? doesn't he know they are banned and illegal ?
is australia safe enough to host the cricket world cup ? should bcci put their cricket series on hold ? remember 1987 ?
i'll chill when there's confirmation that no one has died and sydney returns back to normal :-)
all hail the of . let there be no room for terror in this world .
praying for peace . religious hatred is hurting one and all . how do v change radical mindsets ? we need answers to this question .
(2/2) - at least two hostages seen with injuries .- nsw police confirmed siege is over .live:
video : the moment police stormed the australian siege cafe :
wait guns are banned in sydney ? how did the gunman get a gun ? doesn't he know they are banned and illegal ?
welldone to those armed officers , brave job being behind a weapon .
i'll chill when there's confirmation that no one has died and sydney returns back to normal :-)
sydney cafe siege ends as australian forces and police storm building
praying for peace . religious hatred is hurting one and all . how do v change radical mindsets ? we need answers to this question .
two unconfirmed deaths including gunman - -
welldone to those armed officers , brave job being behind a weapon .
i get that 5 sos are promoting their new album and saying thanks but only ash has tweeted about sydney ??? really ???? it's their hometown ?????
sydney cafe siege ends as australian forces and police storm building
dark day when a chance was provided by some hooligans using religion ,s name to get islam criticised . i hope d hostages r safe .
two unconfirmed deaths including gunman - -
one of the hostage that was in one of the videos from inside had to be carried out by police prays going to her the rest
australia : police storm sydney cafe to end hostage siege
thank god that the is resolved . and hopefully campaign continues to promote peace among races and religions .
i get that 5 sos are promoting their new album and saying thanks but only ash has tweeted about sydney ??? really ???? it's their hometown ?????
glad to hear the siege in sydney is reportedly over . hope everyone is okay .
dark day when a chance was provided by some hooligans using religion ,s name to get islam criticised . i hope d hostages r safe .
wow ! that was insane to watch live . praying for those people . thank god for the brave cops and hostages .
one of the hostage that was in one of the videos from inside had to be carried out by police prays going to her the rest
australian officials report is over after police storm the cafe to rescue hostages
thank god that the is resolved . and hopefully campaign continues to promote peace among races and religions .
sydney gunman , haron monis is a self-proclaimed cleric , with charges of alleged murder and sexual assault .
glad to hear the siege in sydney is reportedly over . hope everyone is okay .
dramatic video : watch as police storm the chocolate cafe in sydney , ending hostage standoff .
wow ! that was insane to watch live . praying for those people . thank god for the brave cops and hostages .
what happened to the gunman though is he still inside ?
sydney gunman , haron monis is a self-proclaimed cleric , with charges of alleged murder and sexual assault .
have confirmed 2 fatalities . one hostage and the gunman
dramatic video : watch as police storm the chocolate cafe in sydney , ending hostage standoff .
in :#eagle creek pack-it specter compression cube set .. $ 30.40 to $ 24.32 -20%
- sydney police burst into cafe with hostages ; several killed in confrontation with suspect , iranian sex offende
- the psycho tried to hire someone to kill his ex wife , has over 20 counts of sexually violent attacks and he was out of jail ?
have confirmed 2 fatalities . one hostage and the gunman
sydney hostage taker named as iranian refugee
in :#eagle creek pack-it specter compression cube set .. $ 30.40 to $ 24.32 -20%
trg police had to storm the building when gunman open fired on hostages
i hope they got the gunman alive , give him some 16 th /17th century punishment
wow 11 :13 fox finally has a live report from sydney and it's on the phone ! lol
- the psycho tried to hire someone to kill his ex wife , has over 20 counts of sexually violent attacks and he was out of jail ?
sydney's claim their police source says gunman has been shot , 1 hostage deceased .
sydney hostage taker named as iranian refugee
thinking of my sydney peeps sending love
trg police had to storm the building when gunman open fired on hostages
watch the moment police entered the cafe at the centre of
wow 11 :13 fox finally has a live report from sydney and it's on the phone ! lol
v demonstrated how wrongful the selection of who to be granted refugee status has been past 20 years : allowed in
thinking of my sydney peeps sending love
sydney live : bomb squad inside cafe , whereabouts of gunman not known via
watch the moment police entered the cafe at the centre of
sending prayers to the friends and family of the sydney hostages xx
v demonstrated how wrongful the selection of who to be granted refugee status has been past 20 years : allowed in
proud to be australian today . sad end to though
tnt sydney siege : police operation ends up with several casualties
i'm disgusted with 5 sos right now . not as much ashton since he tweeted about it but c'mon .. you're from sydney but hey just promote an album
sydney live : bomb squad inside cafe , whereabouts of gunman not known via
dramatic scenes in sydney . unbelievable bravery from those involved from the australian special forces .
sending prayers to the friends and family of the sydney hostages xx
the moment police storm cafe at centre of note officer in bomb disposal suit .
proud to be australian today . sad end to though
multilateral trade coaching newfashioned sydney-optimize yours benefit on the spot : ozgo
i'm disgusted with 5 sos right now . not as much ashton since he tweeted about it but c'mon .. you're from sydney but hey just promote an album
the siege in martin place appears to be over after authorities stormed the lindt cafe where up to 20 people were held
dramatic scenes in sydney . unbelievable bravery from those involved from the australian special forces .
drudge news : iranian gunman dead in sydney
the moment police storm cafe at centre of note officer in bomb disposal suit .
i just hate how religion controls people and causes mayhem , war , chaos , etc .
multilateral trade coaching newfashioned sydney-optimize yours benefit on the spot : ozgo
sydney siege over : social media speculation remains in overdrive after hostage drama via
the siege in martin place appears to be over after authorities stormed the lindt cafe where up to 20 people were held
rip to those who lost their lives and prayers for those who were injured .
drudge news : iranian gunman dead in sydney
sydney siege behind the gunman known as man haron monis iranian refugees
i just hate how religion controls people and causes mayhem , war , chaos , etc .
where are all the politically correct do-gooders now ?
sydney siege over : social media speculation remains in overdrive after hostage drama via
tell your band mates to be more considerate about what just happened in sydney pls
sydney siege behind the gunman known as man haron monis iranian refugees
is less worst than what happened to quirino grandstand siege in d ph , 4 yrs ago . d aussie pm done a g8 job than seriously
where are all the politically correct do-gooders now ?
photo : scene of sydney siege in martin place after multiple gunshots heard - buzzfeedoz
tell your band mates to be more considerate about what just happened in sydney pls
the spread of islamophobia .the hostage taker is not a
is less worst than what happened to quirino grandstand siege in d ph , 4 yrs ago . d aussie pm done a g8 job than seriously
trying to relate with 26 /11 is like seeing the neighbour's house on fire and checking for smoke in your pants
photo : scene of sydney siege in martin place after multiple gunshots heard - buzzfeedoz
the ended by royal australian regiment commandos and not police according to
the spread of islamophobia .the hostage taker is not a
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the heart of
such a terrible situation for all those involved and all those impacted by today's tragic sydney siege events
islamophiles on bbc news telling us that was 'an isolated incident '. there's been a lot of 'isolated incidents ' lately
trying to relate with 26 /11 is like seeing the neighbour's house on fire and checking for smoke in your pants
ends after heavily-armed police raid cafe local media reports 2 dead
the ended by royal australian regiment commandos and not police according to
: jim geraghty , iowahawk crush reaction to terrorist's isis flag with shattering idea
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the heart of
sorry about not checking in today son . this sydney bullshit has me glued to my telegraph machine .
islamophiles on bbc news telling us that was 'an isolated incident '. there's been a lot of 'isolated incidents ' lately
very happy ! great job done by australian police .. injured people will be well soon ..!
ends after heavily-armed police raid cafe local media reports 2 dead
terrorists hate everyone not just americans . sociopaths .
: jim geraghty , iowahawk crush reaction to terrorist's isis flag with shattering idea
editor's note : police have confirmed that the sydney hostage siege is over , but the number of deaths , injuries a
sorry about not checking in today son . this sydney bullshit has me glued to my telegraph machine .
photo : paramedics treating , transporting a number of hostages after sydney hostage siege - nswambulance
very happy ! great job done by australian police .. injured people will be well soon ..!
missouri called and they are saying the police used excessive force in the
terrorists hate everyone not just americans . sociopaths .
what's going on in sydney is just insane !
editor's note : police have confirmed that the sydney hostage siege is over , but the number of deaths , injuries a
what happened today is no different from what's happening 4 last 1400 yrsyet we r not suppose 2 link terror with religion rofl
photo : paramedics treating , transporting a number of hostages after sydney hostage siege - nswambulance
so jihadi has raped 10 girls well with a name like horny monis what did you expect satsang
missouri called and they are saying the police used excessive force in the
ap : breaking : police say hostage situation at sydney australia cafe is over after more than 16 hours . 2 dead . status of gunman unconfirmed .
what happened today is no different from what's happening 4 last 1400 yrsyet we r not suppose 2 link terror with religion rofl
footage of about six hostages running out of cafe in sydney | mashable : via
so jihadi has raped 10 girls well with a name like horny monis what did you expect satsang
number of those injured in sydney hostage siege is still not clear .
ap : breaking : police say hostage situation at sydney australia cafe is over after more than 16 hours . 2 dead . status of gunman unconfirmed .
love how keeps calling him a not a
footage of about six hostages running out of cafe in sydney | mashable : via
media insulting the victims by counting the terrorist as one of the dead . nauseating .#sydneysiege
number of those injured in sydney hostage siege is still not clear .
the hashtag is a mainline to see the rational , kindness of humanity and its racist , islamophobic worst
love how keeps calling him a not a
so d terrorist was killed ! rana ayyub ki soul brother mar gaya
says they are being very careful to only report facts , what they know to be confirmed . all others should do same
very disappointing to heard that 3 person has killed in sydney hostages operations
media insulting the victims by counting the terrorist as one of the dead . nauseating .#sydneysiege
1 . the gunman holding people hostage in a sydney cafe has been identified as a citizen of which country ?
the hashtag is a mainline to see the rational , kindness of humanity and its racist , islamophobic worst
it's finally over ! you fucking sick muslim cunt go to hell ! (sorry for my inappropriate and rude language )
so d terrorist was killed ! rana ayyub ki soul brother mar gaya
tbh if harry can tweet about sydney why can't 5 sos . you'd think with it being home they'd be all over it like a fly to horse shit .
very disappointing to heard that 3 person has killed in sydney hostages operations
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named via reuters
1 . the gunman holding people hostage in a sydney cafe has been identified as a citizen of which country ?
why was this man , hostage taker , walking free when he was an accessory to murder (x wife ) had assaulted a young woman ? wth ?#sydneysiege
it's finally over ! you fucking sick muslim cunt go to hell ! (sorry for my inappropriate and rude language )
his demands were that an islamic state flag be brought to the scene , the pm contacts a person chosen by gunman ,
tbh if harry can tweet about sydney why can't 5 sos . you'd think with it being home they'd be all over it like a fly to horse shit .
sydney hostages : sydney identified as iranian
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named via reuters
who is sheik man haron monis : sydney cafe gunman on bail for alleged violent offences
why was this man , hostage taker , walking free when he was an accessory to murder (x wife ) had assaulted a young woman ? wth ?#sydneysiege
nice job down under 'mates#illridewithyou
his demands were that an islamic state flag be brought to the scene , the pm contacts a person chosen by gunman ,
obama has offered sydney us intelligence help , with the exception of the cia a mad u .s. has their hands tied
sydney hostages : sydney identified as iranian
according to my trends is still higher trending than well atleast we know which is more important
who is sheik man haron monis : sydney cafe gunman on bail for alleged violent offences
it's disgusting that people are already using the as an excuse for islamaphobia .
nice job down under 'mates#illridewithyou
i obviously have no idea but 2 people dead is pretty heavy , not sure the sydney siege raid was a success
obama has offered sydney us intelligence help , with the exception of the cia a mad u .s. has their hands tied
2 dead , 3 injured one of those died could be the gunman monis himself .
according to my trends is still higher trending than well atleast we know which is more important
white house confirms the us govt offered counter terrorism experts to help bring the to an end if it prolonged further .
it's disgusting that people are already using the as an excuse for islamaphobia .
sydney siege over thank god that the hostages are all rescued
i obviously have no idea but 2 people dead is pretty heavy , not sure the sydney siege raid was a success
am glad the sydney hostage nightmare is over . goodjob police . rip to the dead .
2 dead , 3 injured one of those died could be the gunman monis himself .
police end sydney terrorist siege by sheikh after 16 hours via
white house confirms the us govt offered counter terrorism experts to help bring the to an end if it prolonged further .
security forces storm sydney hostage cafe - world news | iol news |
sydney siege over thank god that the hostages are all rescued
terror has certainly no religion n colour but why are all terrorists one religion n colour !#sydneysiege
am glad the sydney hostage nightmare is over . goodjob police . rip to the dead .
officials say no police injured or killed
police end sydney terrorist siege by sheikh after 16 hours via
really hope no one is hurt isil don't have to do anything anymore . just sit back let independent nutters do their dirty work
terror has certainly no religion n colour but why are all terrorists one religion n colour !#sydneysiege
my heart goes out to those involved in the . sending strength condolences to those who have lost loved ones .
officials say no police injured or killed
everyday we get to see the same thing again . killing people , sieging and what not in the name of god .
really hope no one is hurt isil don't have to do anything anymore . just sit back let independent nutters do their dirty work
sorry sydney cant hear over the siege
watch : raw video of police storming sydney cafe . hostage situation now over
some hostage scene in sydney thought u only see this in the movies
my heart goes out to those involved in the . sending strength condolences to those who have lost loved ones .
so in due time we will know what motives were behind the sydney hostage situation or if there's a lack of mens rea either way
everyday we get to see the same thing again . killing people , sieging and what not in the name of god .
icymi from saturday : father of gunman remembers son with obit one year after deadly shooting :
sorry sydney cant hear over the siege
the darkness of is over , the hope of has begun .
some hostage scene in sydney thought u only see this in the movies
wow people actually took selfies on the site of the .
so in due time we will know what motives were behind the sydney hostage situation or if there's a lack of mens rea either way
sydney leroux dating sporting kansas city's dom dwyer
icymi from saturday : father of gunman remembers son with obit one year after deadly shooting :
so glad the situation in sydney is over !
the darkness of is over , the hope of has begun .
on top of that , sydney police way much better equipped than ke cops
wow people actually took selfies on the site of the .
dumbass of the year profile : suspect man haron monis
sydney leroux dating sporting kansas city's dom dwyer
uber faced criticism in sydney after higher pricing appeared because of the sydney hostage crisis
on top of that , sydney police way much better equipped than ke cops
the spirit of . mt australian social media reactions to the |
dumbass of the year profile : suspect man haron monis
sydney lindt hostages on video pleading for a flag and a phone call .
uber faced criticism in sydney after higher pricing appeared because of the sydney hostage crisis
less coverage of the homicidal maniac responsible for the , more coverage of the et al that saved lives this evening
that sydney's cafe siege looked so horrible poor people who were involved in this terryfing action .
please don't generalize one bastard mullah to all iranians we are not terrorist
the spirit of . mt australian social media reactions to the |
sydney hostage : 2 killed 3 injured in lindt cafe at martin place after police storm cafe || video
sydney lindt hostages on video pleading for a flag and a phone call .
also from source : 4 to 5 officers on scene when shooting happened . gunman fled but caught . wounded officer taken to hospital in police car
less coverage of the homicidal maniac responsible for the , more coverage of the et al that saved lives this evening
lots of speculation about injuries death (s) in fallout . i won't add to it - people are dead a long time .
please don't generalize one bastard mullah to all iranians we are not terrorist
scenes in sydney show it's happening and no one is safe !
sydney hostage : 2 killed 3 injured in lindt cafe at martin place after police storm cafe || video
sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims : the hostage standoff
also from source : 4 to 5 officers on scene when shooting happened . gunman fled but caught . wounded officer taken to hospital in police car
got friends and family in sydney right now i hope they're okay
lots of speculation about injuries death (s) in fallout . i won't add to it - people are dead a long time .
: police say sydney hostage siege in coffee shop is over with two dead after officers storm the building .
scenes in sydney show it's happening and no one is safe !
latest - hostages freed - fate of gunman man haron monis unknown - hostages injured - 16 hour stand-off - bomb robot inside
sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims : the hostage standoff
poll : americans understand enhanced interrogation techniques save lives . sydney
got friends and family in sydney right now i hope they're okay
the comunicano daily for monday december 15 th 2014 : the comunicano daily the news out of sydney touched me imm
: police say sydney hostage siege in coffee shop is over with two dead after officers storm the building .
thoughts with the hostages in to target harmless civilians ? this is not . they are
latest - hostages freed - fate of gunman man haron monis unknown - hostages injured - 16 hour stand-off - bomb robot inside
sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims : via
poll : americans understand enhanced interrogation techniques save lives . sydney
and this is hostage taker last month protesting against the australian govt
the comunicano daily for monday december 15 th 2014 : the comunicano daily the news out of sydney touched me imm
do you know what happen to the gunman any word yet
thoughts with the hostages in to target harmless civilians ? this is not . they are
my heart goes out to the people in the as well as their friends and family , i hope it all gets sorted soon ; it's terrifying .
sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims : via
here's the dramatic vision of armed police storming the .
and this is hostage taker last month protesting against the australian govt
i hope they're including the gunman in that figure , he's bound to have been killed
my heart goes out to the people in the as well as their friends and family , i hope it all gets sorted soon ; it's terrifying .
update on sydney siege : gunman identified as isis preacher - newson 247
here's the dramatic vision of armed police storming the .
your twitter contribution on sydney was impressive . hope u get some hike . now you should focus on tomorrow's article
i hope they're including the gunman in that figure , he's bound to have been killed
very sad to hear the news of two deaths from the my heart goes out to the families and the victims .
oh wow just heard about what happened in sydney . praying for all those involved .
of all places to be held hostage , a fucking chocolate cafe in sydney
update on sydney siege : gunman identified as isis preacher - newson 247
if i was in sydney i wouldn't have left the scene tbh i would have wanted to stay in case i could do anything at all to help anyone
your twitter contribution on sydney was impressive . hope u get some hike . now you should focus on tomorrow's article
in india , babri demolition a community took to terrorism seculars say . if that is so why all over the world it is happening ?
very sad to hear the news of two deaths from the my heart goes out to the families and the victims .
hope the people involved in the seige are ok thinking of them all at this time .
if i was in sydney i wouldn't have left the scene tbh i would have wanted to stay in case i could do anything at all to help anyone
i wonder if is going to cover the .. hm ..
in india , babri demolition a community took to terrorism seculars say . if that is so why all over the world it is happening ?
ap : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
hope the people involved in the seige are ok thinking of them all at this time .
my heart goes out to the families and friends that have lost a loved one during the siege in sydney , australia . 2 people dead and 3 injured .
hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney c
meanwhile : a gunman has killed 5 people in pennsylvania , u .s. - it's believed that he is a military veteran
i wonder if is going to cover the .. hm ..
shia leaders reportedly urged federal police to investigate man haron monis , alleged perpetrator of the
ap : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
so sick to my stomach prayers to all the families and australia
my heart goes out to the families and friends that have lost a loved one during the siege in sydney , australia . 2 people dead and 3 injured .
sad to hear the ended with injuries and possible fatalities . horrible situation for all involved . my heart goes out to them .
meanwhile : a gunman has killed 5 people in pennsylvania , u .s. - it's believed that he is a military veteran
thanks a lot to the sydney rescue team for protecting the people in sydney cafe .
shia leaders reportedly urged federal police to investigate man haron monis , alleged perpetrator of the
sydney cafe siege updates siege is over no immediate information that any hostages have been killed .
so sick to my stomach prayers to all the families and australia
it's finally over so sad that people had to lose there life's . 16 hours of madness
sad to hear the ended with injuries and possible fatalities . horrible situation for all involved . my heart goes out to them .
to whoever coined - you've got my vote for the nobel peace prize .
thanks a lot to the sydney rescue team for protecting the people in sydney cafe .
paramedics treating 'a number of hostages ' following end of
sydney cafe siege updates siege is over no immediate information that any hostages have been killed .
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn af
it's finally over so sad that people had to lose there life's . 16 hours of madness
demands of filmed sent to police as the situation developed
to whoever coined - you've got my vote for the nobel peace prize .
7 news in sydney reporting 2 dead , 3 seriously injured , including a police officer
watch scene unfold in photos : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney . cnn af
read my new blog post : new south wales police confirm sydney cafe siege is over
demands of filmed sent to police as the situation developed
watch a special report on the tonight on at 2030 and 2130 sky ch501 freeview 132
7 news in sydney reporting 2 dead , 3 seriously injured , including a police officer
my love goes to the families and people who where effected .
read my new blog post : report : police move in on sydney cafe and rescue nine hostages
it is your responsibility to show iran's empathy asap
read my new blog post : new south wales police confirm sydney cafe siege is over
heart goes out to the people who died , were hurt or witnessed this
watch a special report on the tonight on at 2030 and 2130 sky ch501 freeview 132
at least two hostages seen with injuries .#nsw police confirmed siege is over .
my love goes to the families and people who where effected .
secular effect crosses over to sydney
it is your responsibility to show iran's empathy asap
it must take immense amount of restraint from people on twitter not to beat this to pulp everyday ! !
heart goes out to the people who died , were hurt or witnessed this
was it mentioned that mones was armed ? police seem very happy to shoot away .
at least two hostages seen with injuries .#nsw police confirmed siege is over .
listen up you shit instead of tweeting about ur live thing why don't you tweet about something relevant like the sydney siege
it must take immense amount of restraint from people on twitter not to beat this to pulp everyday ! !
breaking two dead including gunman in sydney dramatic shootout with police . a nation mourns
was it mentioned that mones was armed ? police seem very happy to shoot away .
where are you getting your casualty info ?? the have released nothing as yet .#illridewithyou
listen up you shit instead of tweeting about ur live thing why don't you tweet about something relevant like the sydney siege
uber accused of profiting from sydney hostage crisis by quadrupling fares in area
thoughts and prayers to all those who were affected by the siege in sydney .
maybe we should start talking about what fuels this violence .#sydneysiege
breaking two dead including gunman in sydney dramatic shootout with police . a nation mourns
hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe
where are you getting your casualty info ?? the have released nothing as yet .#illridewithyou
stun grenade emits an intensely loud bang flash more than 1 million candela , cause immediate flash blindness , deafness etc
maybe we should start talking about what fuels this violence .#sydneysiege
sad day in sydney . all the more reason we shouldnt curtail space , but facilitate those with ideas and energy towards the right channel .
hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe
sydney leroux has a boyfriend , sick of this , you guys .
stun grenade emits an intensely loud bang flash more than 1 million candela , cause immediate flash blindness , deafness etc
breaking : sydney islamic terrorist has been neutralised .
mashable uber intros surge pricing during sydney hostage siege , then backtracks after user outcry
real clear politics - photos : chaotic scenes as sydney hostage crisis unfolds : a gunman identified as man haron
sad day in sydney . all the more reason we shouldnt curtail space , but facilitate those with ideas and energy towards the right channel .
we muslims not allowed to harm a pet thn hw can we harm a human being , terrorism has no religion , terrorist in no human
sydney leroux has a boyfriend , sick of this , you guys .
just come out from the toilet n got shocked as i found there are more hostages released followed by the gunshots
breaking : sydney islamic terrorist has been neutralised .
watching footage of the dramatic ending and i keep forgetting that it actually happened in sydney .
real clear politics - photos : chaotic scenes as sydney hostage crisis unfolds : a gunman identified as man haron
let's not all speculate , the media does it enough . wait till everything is confirmed by authorities
we muslims not allowed to harm a pet thn hw can we harm a human being , terrorism has no religion , terrorist in no human
yup , let's all tweet pictures of injured hostages being wheeled away from the cafe .
just come out from the toilet n got shocked as i found there are more hostages released followed by the gunshots
sydney siege over : police storm cafe , gunman said to have been killed , 4 injured via /r/worldnews
watching footage of the dramatic ending and i keep forgetting that it actually happened in sydney .
sydney hostages appear in videos relaying terrorist demands (censored by msm /youtube) via /r/worldnews
let's not all speculate , the media does it enough . wait till everything is confirmed by authorities
nsw police have confirmed the siege is over . photo : andrew meares
yup , let's all tweet pictures of injured hostages being wheeled away from the cafe .
entire world has to learn . humanity is divotee .
sydney siege over : police storm cafe , gunman said to have been killed , 4 injured via /r/worldnews
ends .meanwhile in america : 5 said killed in shootings near , gunman barricaded in home
sydney hostages appear in videos relaying terrorist demands (censored by msm /youtube) via /r/worldnews
indian it professional , who was among the hostages in sydney cafe rescued .
nsw police have confirmed the siege is over . photo : andrew meares
so the islamic flag is sunni , but the nut is iranian presumed shia . how's that possible
entire world has to learn . humanity is divotee .
how can they say is over when they aren't even sure that who two dead are ?!
ends .meanwhile in america : 5 said killed in shootings near , gunman barricaded in home
agree to said :if we want a future for us ,we will have to renounce islam . peace islam can't co-exist !
indian it professional , who was among the hostages in sydney cafe rescued .
name and shame the idiots who took the selfies .
so the islamic flag is sunni , but the nut is iranian presumed shia . how's that possible
you can follow event live
how can they say is over when they aren't even sure that who two dead are ?!
dear crappy time with the and the death of thoughts with you all the way .
agree to said :if we want a future for us ,we will have to renounce islam . peace islam can't co-exist !
wow uber wow . at one point uber was charging at least au $100 (us$82) get out of the evacuation zone in sydney .
name and shame the idiots who took the selfies .
pedestrian killed by truck when crossing m7 at eastern creek , western sydney .
you can follow event live
gunman dead the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition
dear crappy time with the and the death of thoughts with you all the way .
on social media , solidarity for sydney muslims amid siege
wow uber wow . at one point uber was charging at least au $100 (us$82) get out of the evacuation zone in sydney .
police storm sydney chocolate shop , end hostage situation (sent from 8 news now )
pedestrian killed by truck when crossing m7 at eastern creek , western sydney .
tolerance . love . peace . god protect sydney , and every city and town in the world .
gunman dead the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition
omg people one of the hostages died ? what ? is this true ? that's so sad :(
on social media , solidarity for sydney muslims amid siege
it's not confirmed that 2 people are dead . so stop the rip hashtag and wait for police confirmation .
police storm sydney chocolate shop , end hostage situation (sent from 8 news now )
for those overseas , is over . very stressful times for those of us not only in sydney but also across aus
tolerance . love . peace . god protect sydney , and every city and town in the world .
stay strong sydneysiders ! one person does not define us , nor destroy us ! stand up against racism and terrorism .
omg people one of the hostages died ? what ? is this true ? that's so sad :(
incredible video of the police raid on the lindt cafe in sydney that ended hostage standoff . lots of gunfire .
it's not confirmed that 2 people are dead . so stop the rip hashtag and wait for police confirmation .
x source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 1 x
for those overseas , is over . very stressful times for those of us not only in sydney but also across aus
x more hostages escape cafe : more hostages have escaped the sydney cafe where they have been held hostage by x
stay strong sydneysiders ! one person does not define us , nor destroy us ! stand up against racism and terrorism .
not sure i'd fancy an appointment with someone who practises black magic tbh .
incredible video of the police raid on the lindt cafe in sydney that ended hostage standoff . lots of gunfire .
ah i sleep now , knowing sydney is now at peace . love . happiness . goodnight all
x source : hostage-taker in australia identified : the man who has held hostages in a sydney cafe for nearly 1 x
emotional watching amazing bravery from the rescue team . daily life is becoming fragile , everyday for some in war torn places .
not sure i'd fancy an appointment with someone who practises black magic tbh .
finally the is over after 16 hours . my prayers go out to the victims and their families . its times
ah i sleep now , knowing sydney is now at peace . love . happiness . goodnight all
has the hostage taker been killed or captured ?
emotional watching amazing bravery from the rescue team . daily life is becoming fragile , everyday for some in war torn places .
sydney hostage crisis ends , good to see infosian came out safely . well done by rescue teams .
finally the is over after 16 hours . my prayers go out to the victims and their families . its times
police storm store in sydney hostage standoff
has the hostage taker been killed or captured ?
happy hear the is over , but i am saddened at hatred in the world
sydney hostage crisis ends , good to see infosian came out safely . well done by rescue teams .
information emerged from social media as something will happen in sydney on new year .. good god
sydney hostage drama ends in flurry
i think kenya security apparatus have learnt something from the ; synchronized information was being disseminated . no confusion .
police storm store in sydney hostage standoff
it's so hard to watch the sydney cafe siege
happy hear the is over , but i am saddened at hatred in the world
if only where innocent children were beheaded in their beds by us uk missiles received as much attention
information emerged from social media as something will happen in sydney on new year .. good god
isis claims radioactive device somewhere in europe right now
i think kenya security apparatus have learnt something from the ; synchronized information was being disseminated . no confusion .
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , - unconfirmed
it's so hard to watch the sydney cafe siege
(sorry to be snippy . in answer to your q yes i followed the story . but sydney is not america and even it were , irrelevant .)
if only where innocent children were beheaded in their beds by us uk missiles received as much attention
chapeau australia ! i am really impressed with the way your nation is dealing with this crisis .
isis claims radioactive device somewhere in europe right now
thankful that the is over . unbelievably tragic that 2 innocent people had to die unnecessarily . they are ppl's friends /family.
update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after , - unconfirmed
feeling hollow after thoughts are with the victims and their family's . stay strong
(sorry to be snippy . in answer to your q yes i followed the story . but sydney is not america and even it were , irrelevant .)
i've been listening to the abc affiliate in sydney . thanks
chapeau australia ! i am really impressed with the way your nation is dealing with this crisis .
hey is this ur proud moment ? police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages
thankful that the is over . unbelievably tragic that 2 innocent people had to die unnecessarily . they are ppl's friends /family.
also included in this australian livestream : australian ads !
feeling hollow after thoughts are with the victims and their family's . stay strong
let us work together and bring a strong anti-terror law : nalin kohli , bjp
i've been listening to the abc affiliate in sydney . thanks
sydney cafe siege over w summary of what we know abt alleged gunman why he took hostages
hey is this ur proud moment ? police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages
the thoughts of the krew are with all of our members in oz after the events in sydney . we're with you in prayer in spirit
also included in this australian livestream : australian ads !
a tragic and violent end to the , my thoughts go to all those whom were kept hostage and their families .
let us work together and bring a strong anti-terror law : nalin kohli , bjp
latest - police storm sydney hostage siege cafe : reuters witness
the thoughts of the krew are with all of our members in oz after the events in sydney . we're with you in prayer in spirit
scene in the gallery as police assault goes in . very tense indeed
a tragic and violent end to the , my thoughts go to all those whom were kept hostage and their families .
will be on tonight talking and apprehension of news outlets to define these attacks as acts of terrorism
scene in the gallery as police assault goes in . very tense indeed
just because 3 /4 don't tweet about what happened in sydney , that doesn't mean they don't care .
will be on tonight talking and apprehension of news outlets to define these attacks as acts of terrorism
video : watch the moment police storm lindt cafe in sydney via
two thought dead , three injured in sydney siege .
saying its not fair to speculate on the state of hostages . exactly what other media outlets might want to consider
just because 3 /4 don't tweet about what happened in sydney , that doesn't mean they don't care .
sydney siege iranian guy is a nut case , shukar hai .
video : watch the moment police storm lindt cafe in sydney via
hey , you and amie okay about the sydney news ?
saying its not fair to speculate on the state of hostages . exactly what other media outlets might want to consider
[news5] australian police declare sydney hostage crisis over after storming cafe
are your prayers also with the deceased gunman ?
damn pray for sydney racism literally needs to stop omg
sydney siege iranian guy is a nut case , shukar hai .
is finally over ..thoughts and prayers for the victims of this awful hostage taking x (
hey , you and amie okay about the sydney news ?
sydney siege over after police storm cafe | globalnews .ca
[news5] australian police declare sydney hostage crisis over after storming cafe
sydney hostage-taker was well known to police ; less jihadist , more pathetic joker wannabe :
damn pray for sydney racism literally needs to stop omg
insightful analysis of the sydney hostage situation .
is finally over ..thoughts and prayers for the victims of this awful hostage taking x (
safe at last ; hostages enter police arms as ends in .
sydney siege over after police storm cafe | globalnews .ca
the gunman is presumed one of the two people dead , hoping that the other person is okay and on the mend
sydney hostage-taker was well known to police ; less jihadist , more pathetic joker wannabe :
was one of the hot topics . i still find it hard to believe thatyou missed out on it .
safe at last ; hostages enter police arms as ends in .
ok goodnight for now wish me luck for the 2 nd day of my exams tomorrow (or actually later )prayers go out to all the victims of
the gunman is presumed one of the two people dead , hoping that the other person is okay and on the mend
terrorism will have tourist status till such time we call people assisting terrorists , beti , behun , brother , misdirected youth .
was one of the hot topics . i still find it hard to believe thatyou missed out on it .
is everyone ok someome please let us know
good news about the sydney situation .
a few hostages emerging from cafe on stretchers . it's like the cleric is now chasing 72 virgins
ok goodnight for now wish me luck for the 2 nd day of my exams tomorrow (or actually later )prayers go out to all the victims of
it's heartbreaking that people ended up dying at the end of it
terrorism will have tourist status till such time we call people assisting terrorists , beti , behun , brother , misdirected youth .
loads of love for the people in the cafe in sydney
is everyone ok someome please let us know
only going to sleep when man monis is confirmed dead .
a few hostages emerging from cafe on stretchers . it's like the cleric is now chasing 72 virgins
indian nationals involved in hostage crisis in sydney safe .
it's heartbreaking that people ended up dying at the end of it
muslim apologists to hit the airwaves and twitterverse in 3 ..2..1.
loads of love for the people in the cafe in sydney
so glad that the crisis in sydney appears to have ended . we must stand tall alongside muslim communities across the world
only going to sleep when man monis is confirmed dead .
r sydney .every1is so calm .police, journalists ,even hostages .every1 but arnab .he is yelling at floating heads
indian nationals involved in hostage crisis in sydney safe .
video : australian officials on sydney via
muslim apologists to hit the airwaves and twitterverse in 3 ..2..1.
police have shot some of the hostages .
so glad that the crisis in sydney appears to have ended . we must stand tall alongside muslim communities across the world
glad to know that is over now . hope all the people held hostage are well .
r sydney .every1is so calm .police, journalists ,even hostages .every1 but arnab .he is yelling at floating heads
sydney cafe siege : australia police storm buildingheavily armed police have stormed a cafe in sydney , ending a
video : australian officials on sydney via
i hope for a quick , violence-free resolution to the hostages held in the sydney cafe . i hope the hostages walk
police have shot some of the hostages .
sir your campaign completely mismatches against what is currently happening in sydney .
glad to know that is over now . hope all the people held hostage are well .
disseminating falsehoods is one of the most dangerous things you can do . leave the reporting to the news and remain calm .
sydney cafe siege : australia police storm buildingheavily armed police have stormed a cafe in sydney , ending a
7 news is reporting 2 dead , including gunman and 3 other people injured and in serious condition . still not confirmed .
i hope for a quick , violence-free resolution to the hostages held in the sydney cafe . i hope the hostages walk
the siege in sydney is now over incase anyone didn't know - t
sir your campaign completely mismatches against what is currently happening in sydney .
sky news is saying they believe the gunman is one of the 2 dead .
disseminating falsehoods is one of the most dangerous things you can do . leave the reporting to the news and remain calm .
the sydney siege seems to be finally over hopefully none of the hostages have been seriously injured in the gunfire .
7 news is reporting 2 dead , including gunman and 3 other people injured and in serious condition . still not confirmed .
a sad day in our nation's history . prayers to all those involved and affected
the siege in sydney is now over incase anyone didn't know - t
comes to a violent close . find out what happened here
sky news is saying they believe the gunman is one of the 2 dead .
heard about . feeling extremely sad
a sad day in our nation's history . prayers to all those involved and affected
exactly , i don't even live in sydney , i'm in adelaide and there were police at a main shopping centre i was at today
comes to a violent close . find out what happened here
5 sos are promoting their album but they have nothing to say about the sydney siege lol
heard about . feeling extremely sad
waiting for diggy singh to call the sydney gun man as rrs agent
the sydney hostage-taker , rapist , murderer and terrorist , should never have been in australia |
hopefully nobody has been injured before the siege was ended , and the criminal has been arrested for interview
exactly , i don't even live in sydney , i'm in adelaide and there were police at a main shopping centre i was at today
breaking news from pbs newshour -- sydney hostage siege over .
5 sos are promoting their album but they have nothing to say about the sydney siege lol
sydney siege over as police storm lindt cafe - sydney morning herald : sydney morning heralds g
waiting for diggy singh to call the sydney gun man as rrs agent
the hostage crisis in sydney is over . vishwakant ankit reddy is safe . he is undergoing some medical check ups and will be back home safe .
hopefully nobody has been injured before the siege was ended , and the criminal has been arrested for interview
could of been ended ages ago . it's called a sniper he was seen at a window a number of times
breaking news from pbs newshour -- sydney hostage siege over .
i like selfies . but no , don't be taking them outside a hostage situation . that's ignorant .
sydney siege over as police storm lindt cafe - sydney morning herald : sydney morning heralds g
muslims are proving every day that they don't deserve to be accepted into any civilized society ! sydney is just one more example .
could of been ended ages ago . it's called a sniper he was seen at a window a number of times
i'll be on with about 4 :20 est talking about the sydney terrorist attack . please tune in .
i like selfies . but no , don't be taking them outside a hostage situation . that's ignorant .
prayers prayers prayers to sydney australia and the hostages .
muslims are proving every day that they don't deserve to be accepted into any civilized society ! sydney is just one more example .
fox news australian ignores to promote gun ownership and remind everyone that it's almost christmas :
all my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in australia especially those held hostage and their families in sydney .
seige in sydney is over rip to those who have lost their life and thoughts to the injured
prayers prayers prayers to sydney australia and the hostages .
are incompetent ? reports 2 people dead in , nothing mentioned on sky news
fox news australian ignores to promote gun ownership and remind everyone that it's almost christmas :
the gunman should be shot in the knees and left
seige in sydney is over rip to those who have lost their life and thoughts to the injured
the sydney hilton ? you guys on crack ??
are incompetent ? reports 2 people dead in , nothing mentioned on sky news
mmmwas that chest compressions on a female casualty of for traumatic cardiac arrest (i assume ) on cnn that i saw ?
the gunman should be shot in the knees and left
so glad the sydney siege is over now , been watching cnn , al-jazeera euronews channel all day , sadly 2 people reportedly dead 3 injured .
the sydney hilton ? you guys on crack ??
it was alex's birthday yesterday yet he still managed to tweet about sydney . 5 sos had nothing special on but didn't . that's their home town .
thankyou for acknowledging the situation occurring in sydney , but the rest of you motherfuckers need to get in check
there was a hostage situation in sydney and some serial killer is bunkered out in pa . the world is a beautiful place .
mmmwas that chest compressions on a female casualty of for traumatic cardiac arrest (i assume ) on cnn that i saw ?
good news from sydney . the nsw police have done australia proud . just hoping everyone makes a full recovery
so glad the sydney siege is over now , been watching cnn , al-jazeera euronews channel all day , sadly 2 people reportedly dead 3 injured .
the cheery ads between intense coverage is surreal . surel would want their ads pulled time like this ?!
it was alex's birthday yesterday yet he still managed to tweet about sydney . 5 sos had nothing special on but didn't . that's their home town .
the mystery around this art deco theatre in sydney deepens as possible owners float a plan to save it
there was a hostage situation in sydney and some serial killer is bunkered out in pa . the world is a beautiful place .
here in sydney there are people being held hostage in a cafe and i ask for your prayers . please .
good news from sydney . the nsw police have done australia proud . just hoping everyone makes a full recovery
relieved that the has come to a conclusion . hoping the turkey that did it met his maker . prayers go out to all involved .
the cheery ads between intense coverage is surreal . surel would want their ads pulled time like this ?!
the sydney siege is over now announce by the nsw police squad the offender under arrest ..good news !!
the mystery around this art deco theatre in sydney deepens as possible owners float a plan to save it
i suppose eventually we will hear why a sniper wasn't used to take this guy out . images show he presented a pretty big target .
here in sydney there are people being held hostage in a cafe and i ask for your prayers . please .
it was terrible seeing that footage , prayers go out to the victims of the
relieved that the has come to a conclusion . hoping the turkey that did it met his maker . prayers go out to all involved .
glad to hear sydney hostage crisis over . 2 bhartiya rescued safely . but no news about psycho terrorist haron monis ?
the sydney siege is over now announce by the nsw police squad the offender under arrest ..good news !!
david cameron : sydney hostage crisis reminds us of the 'threat we face ' in britain : the prime minister (telg)
i suppose eventually we will hear why a sniper wasn't used to take this guy out . images show he presented a pretty big target .
david cameron : sydney hostage crisis reminds us of the 'threat we face ' in britain : the prime (via
it was terrible seeing that footage , prayers go out to the victims of the
the sydney siege is over , but at least two people are still believed to be fighting for their lives . read more -
glad to hear sydney hostage crisis over . 2 bhartiya rescued safely . but no news about psycho terrorist haron monis ?
reporting two dead , two injured raid on cafe precipitated by an event that happened inside :
david cameron : sydney hostage crisis reminds us of the 'threat we face ' in britain : the prime minister (telg)
in one segment fox news was able to use sydney hostage situation to push for more surveillance , torture , and guns .
david cameron : sydney hostage crisis reminds us of the 'threat we face ' in britain : the prime (via
no one else is confirming deaths . only channel 7 . no confirmed reports on gunman .
the sydney siege is over , but at least two people are still believed to be fighting for their lives . read more -
yeah man heard the rumours about sydney new years ? one man in a coffee store , something else must be going down
reporting two dead , two injured raid on cafe precipitated by an event that happened inside :
authorities have confirmed that is now over after police
in one segment fox news was able to use sydney hostage situation to push for more surveillance , torture , and guns .
unconfirmed reports of 2 dead and injuries in the sydney siege , hope that's wrong except for the scumbag that took the hostages
no one else is confirming deaths . only channel 7 . no confirmed reports on gunman .
say is over . still questions about state and the live coverage on
yeah man heard the rumours about sydney new years ? one man in a coffee store , something else must be going down
after more than 16 hours , it is done . is over . praying for the souls who faced a tragic death .
authorities have confirmed that is now over after police
i'm glad everyone made it out safe
unconfirmed reports of 2 dead and injuries in the sydney siege , hope that's wrong except for the scumbag that took the hostages
sydney siege endsydney siege endsydney siege endsydney siege endthanx for nsw police all around the world ppl's prayer .
say is over . still questions about state and the live coverage on
sexual assault , murder , and harrassment of grieving families . mental illness doesn't care about religion
after more than 16 hours , it is done . is over . praying for the souls who faced a tragic death .
police storm sydney cafe - police storm sydney cafe -
i'm glad everyone made it out safe
while all arabs were going 'don't single out muslims ', will they please not start singling out iranians now ?
sydney siege endsydney siege endsydney siege endsydney siege endthanx for nsw police all around the world ppl's prayer .
i'll pray for those going through this point of time
sexual assault , murder , and harrassment of grieving families . mental illness doesn't care about religion
must be so glad is over , thought's go out to every one involved , what is this world coming to ?#prayforhostages
police storm sydney cafe - police storm sydney cafe -
as a muslim i want to thank all the austrlians after the that took part of the amazing movement . god bless you
while all arabs were going 'don't single out muslims ', will they please not start singling out iranians now ?
so apparently the gunman in sydney put up an islamic flag .. jesus can't we just accept that we all have differences
i'll pray for those going through this point of time
seriously how ? so many cases against him and still was out !
must be so glad is over , thought's go out to every one involved , what is this world coming to ?#prayforhostages
if i have mutuals from sydney , please stay safe .
as a muslim i want to thank all the austrlians after the that took part of the amazing movement . god bless you
breaking news : police say the sydney hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours
so apparently the gunman in sydney put up an islamic flag .. jesus can't we just accept that we all have differences
one disgruntled psycho risks to ruin the image of an entire community
seriously how ? so many cases against him and still was out !
is most likely to be categorized as fake encounter to keep the muslims in good humor for muslims to keep victimhood narrative
if i have mutuals from sydney , please stay safe .
siege ends , police storm building -
breaking news : police say the sydney hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours
guys dw about the thing in sydney go buy livesos !!!!!! play it out loud !!!! xxxxxxxxx
one disgruntled psycho risks to ruin the image of an entire community
but for the love of everything , don't publish the hostage taker's name , his face , or his demands . don't make him a martyr
is most likely to be categorized as fake encounter to keep the muslims in good humor for muslims to keep victimhood narrative
was an attack on aus by hostages filmed relaying demands
siege ends , police storm building -
i cannot even believe what's happened in sydney .. so horrific
guys dw about the thing in sydney go buy livesos !!!!!! play it out loud !!!! xxxxxxxxx
these people actually took selfies at the sydney hostage crisis . yes , really .
but for the love of everything , don't publish the hostage taker's name , his face , or his demands . don't make him a martyr
just quietly haven't channel 10 struggled , no live coverage or anything
was an attack on aus by hostages filmed relaying demands
reports that 2 have died in sydney siege . tragic .
just quietly haven't channel 10 struggled , no live coverage or anything
until we remove all altars devoted to foreign gods from our midst , as the lord orders , such acts of terrorism will continue .
reports that 2 have died in sydney siege . tragic .
i can't believe i'm seeing premature ejaculation ads during come on man .get it together !!!
espn apparently didn't cover sydney this morning
breaking : siege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn . via
hostage crisis in sydney , australia , ends ; police storm cafe where gunman held captives .
here this shit in sydney is scary as fuck
until we remove all altars devoted to foreign gods from our midst , as the lord orders , such acts of terrorism will continue .
several injuries reported , hopefully no one killed . sydney siege over as police storm lindt cafe - via
i can't believe i'm seeing premature ejaculation ads during come on man .get it together !!!
it's finally over : police storm sydney cafe to end hostage siege
breaking : siege at cafe in sydney over , new south wales police confirm to cnn . via
today my thoughts and prayers are with my fellow australians .
here this shit in sydney is scary as fuck
the majority of muslims are sickened by events like just like any peace loving person , regardless of religion .
several injuries reported , hopefully no one killed . sydney siege over as police storm lindt cafe - via
sydney martin place cafe siege gunman is named as sheikh man haron monis
it's finally over : police storm sydney cafe to end hostage siege
has anyone except reported the two deaths at hostage taking ?
today my thoughts and prayers are with my fellow australians .
well the ol ' religion of peace strikes again . bastard
the majority of muslims are sickened by events like just like any peace loving person , regardless of religion .
if he did not die after this sumone is looking over him
sydney martin place cafe siege gunman is named as sheikh man haron monis
rt : while world watch govt discuss cuts 2 weakening our capabilities against such siege
has anyone except reported the two deaths at hostage taking ?
politicians should not be allowed to misuse and politicise the threat of terrorism they are not above th sacrifices of soldiers
well the ol ' religion of peace strikes again . bastard
the hostage-taker had been asking media to declare australia was under attack by the islamic state
if he did not die after this sumone is looking over him
watching cnn live operation rescue for them !!
rt : while world watch govt discuss cuts 2 weakening our capabilities against such siege
whoops . indefinite reference : sydney cafe hostage situation 'is over ', say police as two are reported dead
politicians should not be allowed to misuse and politicise the threat of terrorism they are not above th sacrifices of soldiers
since police haven't confirmed the number of casualties or injuries at this time -- i will not be reporting with the masses
the hostage-taker had been asking media to declare australia was under attack by the islamic state
sydney siege ended finally . two dead .
watching cnn live operation rescue for them !!
current updates for what's going on says paramedics are attending to those injured during the end of .
whoops . indefinite reference : sydney cafe hostage situation 'is over ', say police as two are reported dead
those ppl involved in the my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone of them and i hope the bastard is dead
since police haven't confirmed the number of casualties or injuries at this time -- i will not be reporting with the masses
december 15 -16, 2014 -- sydney standoff has all the markings of a false flag operation via
sydney siege ended finally . two dead .
apparently there are 2 people dead , one of them is the gunman . the other one they're not sure about , and there are 3 injured .
current updates for what's going on says paramedics are attending to those injured during the end of .
this siege in sydney is horrible . my thoughts are with the hostages and their families .
those ppl involved in the my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone of them and i hope the bastard is dead
is over - best part ? no more idiot selfies by tourists
december 15 -16, 2014 -- sydney standoff has all the markings of a false flag operation via
may the deceast rest in peace , except that excuse 4 a human being . rot in hell
apparently there are 2 people dead , one of them is the gunman . the other one they're not sure about , and there are 3 injured .
another good muslim ?????hostage standoff comes to an end after police storm sydney cafe
this siege in sydney is horrible . my thoughts are with the hostages and their families .
one thing we can all be sure of after there are clear inciters to murder and violence among the 'dl' sociopath crowd .
is over - best part ? no more idiot selfies by tourists
if this guy was a refugee , why wasn't he deported from aus . taking into account his extensive criminal record ?
may the deceast rest in peace , except that excuse 4 a human being . rot in hell
the fact that no one but ashton has recognised what's happenening in sydney aggravates me very much
another good muslim ?????hostage standoff comes to an end after police storm sydney cafe
twitter accounts who spread false /unconfirmed rumours about events such as the sydney siege should be suspended , it causes unneeded panic
one thing we can all be sure of after there are clear inciters to murder and violence among the 'dl' sociopath crowd .
well done sydney . happy that ended without any hostages being killed .
if this guy was a refugee , why wasn't he deported from aus . taking into account his extensive criminal record ?
dhs insider : sydney to be the game changer | the texasfred blog
the fact that no one but ashton has recognised what's happenening in sydney aggravates me very much
side entrance crew : 1 st guy in only had an upper body ballistic shield ? holy . the courage of these guys is daunting .
twitter accounts who spread false /unconfirmed rumours about events such as the sydney siege should be suspended , it causes unneeded panic
diy jihad in a sydney cafe - how wannabes are as dangerous as veterans returning from
well done sydney . happy that ended without any hostages being killed .
prayers go out to the victims of the . be strong the world is with you .
dhs insider : sydney to be the game changer | the texasfred blog
police storm sydney siege cafe : australian tv pictures show police storming cafe under
side entrance crew : 1 st guy in only had an upper body ballistic shield ? holy . the courage of these guys is daunting .
if the monkeys weren't running the asylum that's exactly what would happen .
diy jihad in a sydney cafe - how wannabes are as dangerous as veterans returning from
1 . don't tell me gita is infallible . 2 . it's not it's full of heinous conspiracy .
prayers go out to the victims of the . be strong the world is with you .
uber introduces surge pricing during sydney hostage siege
police storm sydney siege cafe : australian tv pictures show police storming cafe under
sorry but some of the raid looked amateur hour , you can see rear sqd members throw flashbangs in after others in team entered ?
if the monkeys weren't running the asylum that's exactly what would happen .
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in three communities in a county n
1 . don't tell me gita is infallible . 2 . it's not it's full of heinous conspiracy .
why would u link zayn to whats happening in sydney why would u make a joke about something so serious what the hell is wrong with people
sorry but some of the raid looked amateur hour , you can see rear sqd members throw flashbangs in after others in team entered ?
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in t
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in three communities in a county n
police stormed the sydney cafe where a lone gunman , brandishing an islamic flag , has been keeping terrified staff and customers captive i
why would u link zayn to whats happening in sydney why would u make a joke about something so serious what the hell is wrong with people
sydney seige taken ; sydney seize and sydney sneeze are available .
hope that the people taken hostage are ok . please please please .
the next time , the law really needs to take the shot at the first opportunity ..
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in t
photos : chaotic scenes as sydney hostage crisis unfolds
police stormed the sydney cafe where a lone gunman , brandishing an islamic flag , has been keeping terrified staff and customers captive i
half the coverage of the is fueled by islamophobia and it's such a blatant reminder of how unproductive and ugly hate is
sydney seige taken ; sydney seize and sydney sneeze are available .
channel 7 showing the gunman's face . brave journalism .
the next time , the law really needs to take the shot at the first opportunity ..
people need to stop posting unconfirmed information .
photos : chaotic scenes as sydney hostage crisis unfolds
revolting how terrorists and sociopaths are free to use symbolism . if this isn't , what is ?#isis
half the coverage of the is fueled by islamophobia and it's such a blatant reminder of how unproductive and ugly hate is
so glad to hear the is over . awful thing for someone to put others through to achieve very little .
channel 7 showing the gunman's face . brave journalism .
sydney hostage situation is ended finally
people need to stop posting unconfirmed information .
i grew up in sydney . i can't believe this has happened . very very sad
revolting how terrorists and sociopaths are free to use symbolism . if this isn't , what is ?#isis
as the exploded in sydney's lindt cafe , the world watched
so glad to hear the is over . awful thing for someone to put others through to achieve very little .
excellent coverage on of the . brownie points to for giving up a night's sleep , on her holiday .
sydney hostage situation is ended finally
just heard from what happend in sydney , but dont blame it on us muslims . there are bad and good . those arent humans .
i grew up in sydney . i can't believe this has happened . very very sad
turns out one of the two people killed in the siege was the gunman ; best news of the whole situation , really . poor other person , though .
as the exploded in sydney's lindt cafe , the world watched
glad to hear that the is over . my heart goes out to everyone involved .
excellent coverage on of the . brownie points to for giving up a night's sleep , on her holiday .
sydney seige overgunman mon monas ( iranian male ) shot dead - pray for hostages some wounded by hostage taker - distressing news .
turns out one of the two people killed in the siege was the gunman ; best news of the whole situation , really . poor other person , though .
video : watch moment hostages fled before police stormed cafe
glad to hear that the is over . my heart goes out to everyone involved .
my heart goes out to all those innocent people who died in sydney and their loved ones . absolutely heartbreaking .
sydney seige overgunman mon monas ( iranian male ) shot dead - pray for hostages some wounded by hostage taker - distressing news .
help refugees and let them gratefully introduce terror . lessons learned .
i'm worried bc sydney now
what on earth was this guy doing 'out on bail '?
video : watch moment hostages fled before police stormed cafe
new on moa : when happened in syria -
my heart goes out to all those innocent people who died in sydney and their loved ones . absolutely heartbreaking .
terror has no religion . they terrorise all humans .
help refugees and let them gratefully introduce terror . lessons learned .
: gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in t via
what on earth was this guy doing 'out on bail '?
hope arnab will make indians realize the tricks played by politicians . please expose the parties so that citizens are aware !!
new on moa : when happened in syria -
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in three communities in a county near philadelphia . the s
terror has no religion . they terrorise all humans .
you'd think if you were born in sydney and had a huge following you would be tweeting about what's happening and not your knew album lmao
: gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in t via
where are the politicians who claim ishrat jahan is their daughter ? must introspect
hope arnab will make indians realize the tricks played by politicians . please expose the parties so that citizens are aware !!
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in three communities in a
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in three communities in a county near philadelphia . the s
come for the updates , stay for the soothing voice of
you'd think if you were born in sydney and had a huge following you would be tweeting about what's happening and not your knew album lmao
perpetrators of violence are to blame , muslims / islam , is not . stop the knee jerk islamophobia .
where are the politicians who claim ishrat jahan is their daughter ? must introspect
i'm so happy that the sydney siege is over :) :)
gunman barricaded near philly ; 5 dead : five people are dead after shootings in three communities in a
just heard you say possible gunman was not being treated with respect while receiving cpr . how many hostages did he kill ?
come for the updates , stay for the soothing voice of
police declare the siege at martin place over . condition of the gunman unknown at this time
perpetrators of violence are to blame , muslims / islam , is not . stop the knee jerk islamophobia .
thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by what's going on in sydney .
i'm so happy that the sydney siege is over :) :)
chilling listening to the live reports hostage situation over in , . 2 reported dead ,others injured
just heard you say possible gunman was not being treated with respect while receiving cpr . how many hostages did he kill ?
that's what happens when you grant asylum to these third world barbarians . they want to kill you .
chilling listening to the live reports hostage situation over in , . 2 reported dead ,others injured
help out ! give to need your support to save my family raise funds on
that's what happens when you grant asylum to these third world barbarians . they want to kill you .
thoughts with those in sydney . world can be a crazy place ! :(
police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege
there is so much evil in the world . i hope all those families effected by this get justice for their love ones .
help out ! give to need your support to save my family raise funds on
maybe tweet about whats happening in sydney too !!
thoughts with those in sydney . world can be a crazy place ! :(
so much for gun control keeping australia safe
there is so much evil in the world . i hope all those families effected by this get justice for their love ones .
those still using you might want to rethink that .
i wish all the people will be able to escape from the terrorist .
'acts of terror ' by 'foreign' perpetrators do not encourage citizens of 'host nations ' to embrace immigrant communities . fact
maybe tweet about whats happening in sydney too !!
so glad the is over ! i hope everyone who is injured heals fast , and rip to the people who have passed .
so much for gun control keeping australia safe
sucks to hear what just happened in the police have not yet confirmed but according to news 2 dead 3 injured
those still using you might want to rethink that .
i'm stunned . waiting for police to release a statement before i sleep . not knowing is something i can't live with .
'acts of terror ' by 'foreign' perpetrators do not encourage citizens of 'host nations ' to embrace immigrant communities . fact
praying for the city and people of sydney and nation of australia . we are grieving for this tragedy .
so glad the is over ! i hope everyone who is injured heals fast , and rip to the people who have passed .
mt hostage-taker , rapist , murderer terrorist , should never have ..
sucks to hear what just happened in the police have not yet confirmed but according to news 2 dead 3 injured
rip to the two killed in the sydney hostage crisis today .
i'm stunned . waiting for police to release a statement before i sleep . not knowing is something i can't live with .
the guy in sydney chocolate cafe is a nut case iran didn't want . really , do we want to take in all refuges ?
praying for the city and people of sydney and nation of australia . we are grieving for this tragedy .
sending love to those involved in the sydney siege
mt hostage-taker , rapist , murderer terrorist , should never have ..
.amazing .. prayers going out to all those unfortunate people involved ..
rip to the two killed in the sydney hostage crisis today .
relieved that the is over . hope no hostages are dead . thank you police , medics and other support staff .
the guy in sydney chocolate cafe is a nut case iran didn't want . really , do we want to take in all refuges ?
the face of a gutless , weak and hopefully deceased man ..#sydneysiege
sending love to those involved in the sydney siege
high court of australia man haron monis / caselaw 2013 monis v the queen
.amazing .. prayers going out to all those unfortunate people involved ..
sydney siege ends as police storm lindt cafe and hostages run out via
relieved that the is over . hope no hostages are dead . thank you police , medics and other support staff .
as sydney wakes up to news about the tragic end to the , remember : our spirit is intact and pls look out for each other .
the face of a gutless , weak and hopefully deceased man ..#sydneysiege
according to some of these folks ,islamic cleric who held hostages in sydney is just like charles manson
high court of australia man haron monis / caselaw 2013 monis v the queen
gunman iranian cleric man haron monis reported dead .
as sydney wakes up to news about the tragic end to the , remember : our spirit is intact and pls look out for each other .
good work . you were so useful in stopping the
according to some of these folks ,islamic cleric who held hostages in sydney is just like charles manson
not much that can make you feel good about the events in sydney but this hashtag story offers hope :
gunman iranian cleric man haron monis reported dead .
it's been reported but not confirmed of the two deaths and 5 injured , wait until it's confirmed
sydney siege ends : police storm martin place cafe , hostages flee | the australian
now , more than ever , ppl need to remember that the attacker does not represent refugees , just as he doesn't represent muslims .
good work . you were so useful in stopping the
2 people are dead 3 seriously injured in sydney according to cnn headline news
not much that can make you feel good about the events in sydney but this hashtag story offers hope :
scary seeing bomb robot going in and hostages running out . not looking forward to confirmation of any deaths or injuries .
it's been reported but not confirmed of the two deaths and 5 injured , wait until it's confirmed
trust the not to let go of his rucksack after 16 hr ordeal : hostage v ankireddi is safe
now , more than ever , ppl need to remember that the attacker does not represent refugees , just as he doesn't represent muslims .
reform indian police . anything can happen anywhere .
2 people are dead 3 seriously injured in sydney according to cnn headline news
the sydney hostage drama ends thank god thank god thank god
scary seeing bomb robot going in and hostages running out . not looking forward to confirmation of any deaths or injuries .
my only thoughts on the sydney siege is to remind everyone not to judge the many by the acts of the few . my heart goes out .
trust the not to let go of his rucksack after 16 hr ordeal : hostage v ankireddi is safe
so thankful for the brave australian police men women who put their lives at risk to rescue the people trapped . true heroes .
reform indian police . anything can happen anywhere .
thoughts are with families who lost their loved ones in the this morning . tragic ending .
the sydney hostage drama ends thank god thank god thank god
on drive : is joined by andy mcnab , author and former sas sergeant discussing the events in sydney
my only thoughts on the sydney siege is to remind everyone not to judge the many by the acts of the few . my heart goes out .
what the fuck is wrong with people taking outside the location of the ?!? geez , some people
so thankful for the brave australian police men women who put their lives at risk to rescue the people trapped . true heroes .
glad the sydney siege is over . prayers go out to everyone
thoughts are with families who lost their loved ones in the this morning . tragic ending .
unlike what happened in the mumbai terror attack !
on drive : is joined by andy mcnab , author and former sas sergeant discussing the events in sydney
sydney cafe siege : australian police say standoff is over via
what the fuck is wrong with people taking outside the location of the ?!? geez , some people
sounds like the sydney siege is over but with two dead ? :-(
glad the sydney siege is over . prayers go out to everyone
ap photo : hostages run toward armed tactical response police in sydney , australia :
unlike what happened in the mumbai terror attack !
sydney siege ends with atleast 2 ded , several injured
sydney cafe siege : australian police say standoff is over via
dont take life for granted your life can go upside down so fast wake up everyday and live like it's your last bc you never know
sounds like the sydney siege is over but with two dead ? :-(
prayers for the sydney cafe hostages and their families
ap photo : hostages run toward armed tactical response police in sydney , australia :
gunfire , blasts as sydney siege ends
sydney siege ends with atleast 2 ded , several injured
holy shit i hope everyone in sydney is ok
dont take life for granted your life can go upside down so fast wake up everyday and live like it's your last bc you never know
more stupid : so , about those american restaurants /cafes telling customers to leave their guns at home . no thanks
prayers for the sydney cafe hostages and their families
external affairs minister confirms that vishwakant ankit reddy is safe
gunfire , blasts as sydney siege ends
lawyers : remains of 12 -year-old tamir rice's teen sister 'tackled,' handcuffed after , 7 news reports say .
holy shit i hope everyone in sydney is ok
also , on a side note . to those who took selfies near the , you're a fucking disgrace . pathetic .
more stupid : so , about those american restaurants /cafes telling customers to leave their guns at home . no thanks
police in sydney have raided the cafe , one person taken out with cpr in progress . and it didn't look like the hostage taker . heartbreaking .
external affairs minister confirms that vishwakant ankit reddy is safe
people running out of the cafe and the ongoing shooting inside was scary as hell .
lawyers : remains of 12 -year-old tamir rice's teen sister 'tackled,' handcuffed after , 7 news reports say .
massive respect to aussie people , media and security forces .. handled it with sensitivity and then bravery when needed ..
also , on a side note . to those who took selfies near the , you're a fucking disgrace . pathetic .
my thoughts are with the people and family who have been caught up in this horrific ordeal in sydney
police in sydney have raided the cafe , one person taken out with cpr in progress . and it didn't look like the hostage taker . heartbreaking .
the police in america should learn a few things from the police in australia , they are the true heroes today .
people running out of the cafe and the ongoing shooting inside was scary as hell .
at this point we should just pray that every one can heal from this horrible event . my heart goes out to all involved .
massive respect to aussie people , media and security forces .. handled it with sensitivity and then bravery when needed ..
can see one victim on a stretcher with a blanket over the top half of her body , covering her head . such a shame if true :(
my thoughts are with the people and family who have been caught up in this horrific ordeal in sydney
what about ? let us work together and bring a strong anti-terror law - , bjp
the police in america should learn a few things from the police in australia , they are the true heroes today .
during the hostage crisis , quadrupled fares for panic-stricken customers fleeing the area - charged min . of us $82. ?
at this point we should just pray that every one can heal from this horrible event . my heart goes out to all involved .
just faith in humanity lost : people taking selfies at sydney hostage scene : early m
can see one victim on a stretcher with a blanket over the top half of her body , covering her head . such a shame if true :(
praying no hostages were killed in the but glad this horror is over .
what about ? let us work together and bring a strong anti-terror law - , bjp
hey did you hear about sydney , australia . and the siege ?!
during the hostage crisis , quadrupled fares for panic-stricken customers fleeing the area - charged min . of us $82. ?
indian nationals involved in hostage crisis in sydney safe : mea
just faith in humanity lost : people taking selfies at sydney hostage scene : early m
of course uber did surge pricing in sydney . what a garbage company .
praying no hostages were killed in the but glad this horror is over .
ahmed (haron monis ) the dead terrorist . dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe ..
hey did you hear about sydney , australia . and the siege ?!
police storm the cafe . reports flying but i'm waiting for until things are confirmed .
indian nationals involved in hostage crisis in sydney safe : mea
they are saying 2 died . i am not sure if the gunman has been killed .
of course uber did surge pricing in sydney . what a garbage company .
statement posted online by man haron monis , suspect in hostage situation
ahmed (haron monis ) the dead terrorist . dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe ..
thoughts with the hostages and their families . prayers for a peaceful ending .
police storm the cafe . reports flying but i'm waiting for until things are confirmed .
update 03 :15 officials confirm no police injured or killed src
they are saying 2 died . i am not sure if the gunman has been killed .
welcome to shallie's purple beehive : dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe with guns
statement posted online by man haron monis , suspect in hostage situation
until the police issue a statement , it would be nice if people could stop speculating about how many people , if any have died .
thoughts with the hostages and their families . prayers for a peaceful ending .
after the whole sydney hostage story i think it's pretty rad that australians are trying to prevent anti-muslim backlash ..you go australians
update 03 :15 officials confirm no police injured or killed src
sydney siege is over : gunman 'dead' after police storm cafe ending 16 -hour hostage terror
welcome to shallie's purple beehive : dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe with guns
go out for a cup of coffee and possibly not go home - what's that all about .i despair at the world we live in right now .
until the police issue a statement , it would be nice if people could stop speculating about how many people , if any have died .
thank god the hopefully the hostages that are injured make a speedy recovery .
sydney siege is over : gunman 'dead' after police storm cafe ending 16 -hour hostage terror
omg ! two hostages are reported to be dead ..
go out for a cup of coffee and possibly not go home - what's that all about .i despair at the world we live in right now .
i am so happy i skip all those hours of sydney hostage breaking news marathon .
thank god the hopefully the hostages that are injured make a speedy recovery .
are you kidding me how cluld i be enjoying it when sydney is shaken up
but i think he still put on an interesting performance in sydney ,
heartbreaking news coming out of you are all in our thoughts right now
omg ! two hostages are reported to be dead ..
the last time arnab made sense was when india invaded usa
i am so happy i skip all those hours of sydney hostage breaking news marathon .
hey if you're in sydney stay safe okay !!
are you kidding me how cluld i be enjoying it when sydney is shaken up
its amazing how cnbc didn't focus on the sydney hostage story this morning and now that its over and mkts are tanking that is all they cover
heartbreaking news coming out of you are all in our thoughts right now
sydney siege was perpetrated by a total nut job then . a forgetful one at that .
the last time arnab made sense was when india invaded usa
wow , thanks for the clarification . i had this picture of all 1.6 billion muslims stuffed inside the cafe in sydney !
hey if you're in sydney stay safe okay !!
i categorically condemn the incident . once again has been tarnished .
its amazing how cnbc didn't focus on the sydney hostage story this morning and now that its over and mkts are tanking that is all they cover
i bet a few of them hostages are gun owners . yet , without their gun , they are cowards like i suspect .
sydney siege was perpetrated by a total nut job then . a forgetful one at that .
everything that has happened in sydney the past 24 hours is just terrible .
wow , thanks for the clarification . i had this picture of all 1.6 billion muslims stuffed inside the cafe in sydney !
all the hostages got out some are injured and i think they killed the gunman
i categorically condemn the incident . once again has been tarnished .
mr tony abbott and your cronies have blood on your hands
i bet a few of them hostages are gun owners . yet , without their gun , they are cowards like i suspect .
and mostly , as we move on and heal from this , don't let be yesterday's phenomenon .
everything that has happened in sydney the past 24 hours is just terrible .
knew there must've been a 'muslim' terrorist connection to sydney siege when i saw israeli news reporting it
all the hostages got out some are injured and i think they killed the gunman
'religion of peace ' at it again . time to wipe this vermin ideology from our society
mr tony abbott and your cronies have blood on your hands
amazing video out of australia of the police entry of the lindt choc store where a gunman was holding hostages !
and mostly , as we move on and heal from this , don't let be yesterday's phenomenon .
mad iranian gunman that australia gave safe refuge to and he paid us back by killing innocents
knew there must've been a 'muslim' terrorist connection to sydney siege when i saw israeli news reporting it
it's pissing me off how that one person who did the hostage thing in sydney
'religion of peace ' at it again . time to wipe this vermin ideology from our society
gunman better be alive so he can face consequences of what he has done .
amazing video out of australia of the police entry of the lindt choc store where a gunman was holding hostages !
the response of some australians to the of is truly inspirational .thoughts prayers with all of those involved
mad iranian gunman that australia gave safe refuge to and he paid us back by killing innocents
confirmed scumbag - killed by police during . rot in hell .
it's pissing me off how that one person who did the hostage thing in sydney
no further news about attack that happened tonite via weibo is all the rage atm
gunman better be alive so he can face consequences of what he has done .
it's terrifying to think that anyone can walk into a cafe carrying a gun and terrorise people .
the response of some australians to the of is truly inspirational .thoughts prayers with all of those involved
oh tak , ni hostage situation at a cafe in sydney . black friday tu hari jualan .
confirmed scumbag - killed by police during . rot in hell .
glad that has ended . pray that all the hostages are safe .
no further news about attack that happened tonite via weibo is all the rage atm
2 reportd dead aftr cops storm cafe where islamist took hostages
it's terrifying to think that anyone can walk into a cafe carrying a gun and terrorise people .
breaking news : footage from australian tv shows heavily armed police storming the sydney cafe under siege , as
oh tak , ni hostage situation at a cafe in sydney . black friday tu hari jualan .
: suspected gunman barricaded in pennsylvania home after shooting : several pennsyl via
glad that has ended . pray that all the hostages are safe .
the top trends illustrate todays events
2 reportd dead aftr cops storm cafe where islamist took hostages
so glad the seige is over .. well done to the aussie police force ..
breaking news : footage from australian tv shows heavily armed police storming the sydney cafe under siege , as
meanwhile , in pennsylvania , gunman shoots five relatives in a domestic dispute . but that's not gonna trend , because
: suspected gunman barricaded in pennsylvania home after shooting : several pennsyl via
live updates : police storm sydney cafe where hostages were held
the top trends illustrate todays events
shame on every person who seriously snapped a selfie in front of the :
so glad the seige is over .. well done to the aussie police force ..
given australia's domestic hostage rescue arrangements , it's likely the team that concluded the are tag-e commandos from 4 rar .
meanwhile , in pennsylvania , gunman shoots five relatives in a domestic dispute . but that's not gonna trend , because
sydney , in december . why was anyone actually indoors ?
live updates : police storm sydney cafe where hostages were held
love the sentiment well done sydney 3
shame on every person who seriously snapped a selfie in front of the :
two confirmed dead - one is the gunman
given australia's domestic hostage rescue arrangements , it's likely the team that concluded the are tag-e commandos from 4 rar .
: police storm cafe as hostages flee cafe in sydney . details :
love the sentiment well done sydney 3
watching the live coverage of the sydney siege
two confirmed dead - one is the gunman
sydney hostage taker man haron monis wanted to send offensive letters to famil
: police storm cafe as hostages flee cafe in sydney . details :
when u are complaining about islamophobia spare a thought for the victims who are being kidnapped killed by muslims
sydney siege : elly chen - the hostage who escaped : elly chen , a waitress at li
breaking news by 9 that two people confirmed dead , one of them being the gunman
watching the live coverage of the sydney siege
even harry did and he's been to sydney like 3 times and he takes time out of his day to tweet about the situation
sydney hostage taker man haron monis wanted to send offensive letters to famil
canada closely watching sydney hostage situation : feds
when u are complaining about islamophobia spare a thought for the victims who are being kidnapped killed by muslims
that has now been confirmed , 2 dead and they believe one is the gunman . police have now confirmed
even harry did and he's been to sydney like 3 times and he takes time out of his day to tweet about the situation
relieved that its over but i wish it could have ended better .
canada closely watching sydney hostage situation : feds
finally d siege ends after 14 long hrs .sigh of relief !my condolences 2 doz who lost their lives n got injured .strong
that has now been confirmed , 2 dead and they believe one is the gunman . police have now confirmed
sorry livesos isn't live enough as the sydney siege is
two have been confirmed , one was the gunman
who were the 2 guys w gunman b4 he got to cafe , where r they now ? report by guy who he bumped into says there were others
relieved that its over but i wish it could have ended better .
with breaking news on hostage crisis is over . tune in for latest
finally d siege ends after 14 long hrs .sigh of relief !my condolences 2 doz who lost their lives n got injured .strong
i think the australian police have honestly done such a amazing job over these long 16 hours . couldn't be more proud
sorry livesos isn't live enough as the sydney siege is
holy shit !! this is pretty scary when you see this stuff happening in your country
who were the 2 guys w gunman b4 he got to cafe , where r they now ? report by guy who he bumped into says there were others
news just confirmed two people dead one of them is the gunman
i think the australian police have honestly done such a amazing job over these long 16 hours . couldn't be more proud
only way we can begin to heal is with unity ! put your arms around each other end hate
holy shit !! this is pretty scary when you see this stuff happening in your country
the siege in the cafe in sydney is over ! i hope everyone is safe .
only way we can begin to heal is with unity ! put your arms around each other end hate
one is gunman . wait omg confirmed by police
the siege in the cafe in sydney is over ! i hope everyone is safe .
police have confirmed the sydney siege is over . live coverage
breaking news - unconfirmed reports gunman among two dead in sydney seige
also when the gunman made hostages call journalists - the media sensibly refused to broadcast them !
one is gunman . wait omg confirmed by police
well done !#sydneyhostagecrisis is finally over . all r prayers go out for the ones affected in the attack .
two people confirmed dead - one believe to be the gunman .
pathetic - charged 4 times its usual rate during hostage siege
also when the gunman made hostages call journalists - the media sensibly refused to broadcast them !
two people are officially dead , one is the gunman .
well done !#sydneyhostagecrisis is finally over . all r prayers go out for the ones affected in the attack .
so the gunman is dead and one hostage has died
police storm sydney cafe as hostages flee : police have stormed the cafe in central sydney where a gunman had b
i'm going to sleep now , but my prayers go out to all those affected
pathetic - charged 4 times its usual rate during hostage siege
hey i think you should seriously rethink that policy !
two people are officially dead , one is the gunman .
sydney hostage crisis : at least 12 people flee lindt chocolate shop . get the details here --
so the gunman is dead and one hostage has died
hopefully the gunman didnt die in the storming of the cafe , so he can be punished to the full extent of the law . if anything die in prison .
hey i think you should seriously rethink that policy !
okay some confirmed reports now from police via
sydney hostage crisis : at least 12 people flee lindt chocolate shop . get the details here --
(dec15 18 :17) 7 news : over . 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 others injured in serious condition .(cnn)
hopefully the gunman didnt die in the storming of the cafe , so he can be punished to the full extent of the law . if anything die in prison .
as comes to an end at least 5 people killed in a shooting in near philadelphia three gunman surrender at
prayers to sydney , really sad to be hearing these things so often these days .
yesterday 59 people killed in hardly a mention in the media in stark contrast to the wall to wall coverage of the
(dec15 18 :17) 7 news : over . 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 others injured in serious condition .(cnn)
: sydney hostage taker man haron monis wanted to send offensive letters to families of via
as comes to an end at least 5 people killed in a shooting in near philadelphia three gunman surrender at
: sydney siege : elly chen - the hostage who escaped : elly chen , a waitress at lindt ca via
yesterday 59 people killed in hardly a mention in the media in stark contrast to the wall to wall coverage of the
2 confirmed dead . one apparently the gunman .
: sydney hostage taker man haron monis wanted to send offensive letters to families of via
gunman barricaded in home after 5 shot dead at 3 separate locations . local tv station says suspect is a military vet .
: sydney siege : elly chen - the hostage who escaped : elly chen , a waitress at lindt ca via
watch live : sydney hostage siege latest : watch the latest developments from sydney , where several people are being held hostage in th
hostages held by 'islamists' in sydney cafe siege : live : two people are thought to be dead as the sydney hostage situation in a cafe
archive : sydney siege gunman man haron monis in 2009 protest : sheik man haron monis , who held dozens of hostages in a sydney cafe , is
gunman barricaded in home after 5 shot dead at 3 separate locations . local tv station says suspect is a military vet .
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee : watch the moment several hostages run from the lindt cafe in sydney toward
watch live : sydney hostage siege latest : watch the latest developments from sydney , where several people are being held hostage in th
glad that the is over . terrorism has been heightened by greed !
two people have been confirmed dead and one is the gunman from the hostage situation in sydney
thoughts are with the hostages families police who made very tough decisions under immense pressure with the world watching !
archive : sydney siege gunman man haron monis in 2009 protest : sheik man haron monis , who held dozens of hostages in a sydney cafe , is
guardian won't verify the deaths yet , they are being way more careful than other outlets
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee : watch the moment several hostages run from the lindt cafe in sydney toward
apparently one hostage and the gunman have died
glad that the is over . terrorism has been heightened by greed !
rip to those that passed away in the my thoughts are with those in serious condition . glad it's over .
thoughts are with the hostages families police who made very tough decisions under immense pressure with the world watching !
sydney it is sad to note that you are now among the nations that have suffered from lone wolf malicious jihad .
guardian won't verify the deaths yet , they are being way more careful than other outlets
top stories : gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gun
apparently one hostage and the gunman have died
wondering what the conversation is like at lindt hq right now .
rip to those that passed away in the my thoughts are with those in serious condition . glad it's over .
sydney , delhi , mumbai are fine examples of how their few employee model is working , and more examples around the world :)
sydney it is sad to note that you are now among the nations that have suffered from lone wolf malicious jihad .
the dude who took the hostages in sydney sounds like he's just a horrible person all the way around
top stories : gunshots at sydney hostage scene - cnn : cnngunshots at sydney hostage scenecnnsydney (cnn) -- gun
rip to the innocent person who has died in the
wondering what the conversation is like at lindt hq right now .
fyi : a hostage situation is neither the time nor place for selfies .
sydney , delhi , mumbai are fine examples of how their few employee model is working , and more examples around the world :)
the terrorist who killed innocent people today in sydney had committed repeated offences in the past few years .why was he free ?
the dude who took the hostages in sydney sounds like he's just a horrible person all the way around
melissa henderson and now sydney . i guess being a good looking soccer player has its advantages . who knew ? *shrugs*
rip to the innocent person who has died in the
president obama has offered australia any necessary assistance and is receiving updates on the now-ended (via
the terrorist who killed innocent people today in sydney had committed repeated offences in the past few years .why was he free ?
that mtv uk retweet i just did described exactly how i felt after the 7 /7 tube bombing in london . sydney
melissa henderson and now sydney . i guess being a good looking soccer player has its advantages . who knew ? *shrugs*
the assault went through 2 doors - the fire exit and the main entrance . firing party at fire door , stun grenades at main door ..#sydneysiege
president obama has offered australia any necessary assistance and is receiving updates on the now-ended (via
tbh i don't think 5 sos knows about the whole sydney situation , they're quite in their own world , but no matter what they don't have to tweet
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over (w/video)
and people , please stop calling him a terrorist ; it's unhelpful , inaccurate , fuels fear and division
that mtv uk retweet i just did described exactly how i felt after the 7 /7 tube bombing in london . sydney
so sad that one man can cause so much trouble . thoughts and prayers sent to the families to the passed
the assault went through 2 doors - the fire exit and the main entrance . firing party at fire door , stun grenades at main door ..#sydneysiege
monis is confirmed to be one of two killed during standoff between gunman and police
tbh i don't think 5 sos knows about the whole sydney situation , they're quite in their own world , but no matter what they don't have to tweet
again days like this make you realise that there's more important things in the world than half the things we moan about .
and people , please stop calling him a terrorist ; it's unhelpful , inaccurate , fuels fear and division
great news hearing the is over ! hope these reports of him planting bombs in around sydney aren't true
so sad that one man can cause so much trouble . thoughts and prayers sent to the families to the passed
listening to radio australia on 9580 khz w /news from sydney . using the icom ic-r 8500 . signal peaks s9 +10 w /fading down to s7 . sinpo 55333 .
monis is confirmed to be one of two killed during standoff between gunman and police
watched the siege from start to finish no words ! cant imagine how these brave hostages are feeling ! heart goes out to you all
again days like this make you realise that there's more important things in the world than half the things we moan about .
god bless those who died help their families 2 bear this pain . angry-that dog died so easy .he shd hav been torturted brutally .
great news hearing the is over ! hope these reports of him planting bombs in around sydney aren't true
the sydney siege , looks like another zombie inspired by islam .
listening to radio australia on 9580 khz w /news from sydney . using the icom ic-r 8500 . signal peaks s9 +10 w /fading down to s7 . sinpo 55333 .
right and gita ( or even veda ) are not only irrational , but heinously casteist , misogynist violently terrorist
watched the siege from start to finish no words ! cant imagine how these brave hostages are feeling ! heart goes out to you all
nsw police say they cannot confirm breaking reports that 2 people have died in the all they confirm is that the siege is over .
god bless those who died help their families 2 bear this pain . angry-that dog died so easy .he shd hav been torturted brutally .
sydney siege : peceptive comments from jack cloonan , ex fbi operative , re dealing with the the grievances of groups in any society , on fr '24.
right and gita ( or even veda ) are not only irrational , but heinously casteist , misogynist violently terrorist
rt : an update on the hostage crisis in sydney
nsw police say they cannot confirm breaking reports that 2 people have died in the all they confirm is that the siege is over .
thinking of all the people in sydney !! such a horrible situation :( thoughts and prayers with you all xxx
sydney siege : peceptive comments from jack cloonan , ex fbi operative , re dealing with the the grievances of groups in any society , on fr '24.
i don't care if was a attack or a pack of cubs , it's : take them all out or let them kill us all
rt : an update on the hostage crisis in sydney
breaking news - nsw police confirmed the sydney siege is now over .
thinking of all the people in sydney !! such a horrible situation :( thoughts and prayers with you all xxx
dear so what was sydney crisis all about ? per you , the terrorist was a godman - since when did islam started having godmen ?
i don't care if was a attack or a pack of cubs , it's : take them all out or let them kill us all
police source tells channel 9 two people have died in siege - one of them is gunman man monis
apparently extremists have been warning muslims to stay away from sydney new years eve .
why help spread terrorist's message ?
breaking news - nsw police confirmed the sydney siege is now over .
it is very clear that has a lot of apologizing to do after its gross and truly deplorable handling of this whole event
dear so what was sydney crisis all about ? per you , the terrorist was a godman - since when did islam started having godmen ?
two people have just been officially announced as dead . one of them is apparently the gunman .
police source tells channel 9 two people have died in siege - one of them is gunman man monis
glad to hear the is over . my thoughts and prayers to those who were affected .
why help spread terrorist's message ?
happy dear ahgases !!! so scary here in sydney , watching the live news when the gunfire actually happened ..
it is very clear that has a lot of apologizing to do after its gross and truly deplorable handling of this whole event
what's the best way to dehumanise the horror of terrorism ?
two people have just been officially announced as dead . one of them is apparently the gunman .
hi bud ! just wanted to know if u and urs are a-okayheard about the incident that happened in sydney :( take care and gbu !
glad to hear the is over . my thoughts and prayers to those who were affected .
what's it like being a collonder now ?
happy dear ahgases !!! so scary here in sydney , watching the live news when the gunfire actually happened ..
two people confirmed dead at , including the gunman , according to
what's the best way to dehumanise the horror of terrorism ?
2 killed , one believed to be the gunman reported police
hi bud ! just wanted to know if u and urs are a-okayheard about the incident that happened in sydney :( take care and gbu !
two dead , is two too many
what's it like being a collonder now ?
i know its good to know that indian media focus on an indian being released in the sydney crisis . but at the same time its a little selfish .
two people confirmed dead at , including the gunman , according to
5 sos casually promoting their album whilst the sydney siege in their hometown was going on
2 killed , one believed to be the gunman reported police
and when you find out the gunman started shooting first ?
i know its good to know that indian media focus on an indian being released in the sydney crisis . but at the same time its a little selfish .
today is such a horrible day , sending all my love to sydney x stay safe !
5 sos casually promoting their album whilst the sydney siege in their hometown was going on
enough of sydney , what about kashmir attacks , bangladesh threats everyday in our country ????
and when you find out the gunman started shooting first ?
sydney hostages : sydney gunman identified as refugee iranian
australian 9 news reporting police source says 3 dead including gunman
i just wanna hug zayn right now . i know all this stuff happening in sydney is somehow gonna be blamed on zayn . he hasn't done nothing :(
today is such a horrible day , sending all my love to sydney x stay safe !
bbc news - heavily armed police storm sydney cafe ending siege by iranian refugee gunman who took dozens hostage
enough of sydney , what about kashmir attacks , bangladesh threats everyday in our country ????
is dramatically over in gunfire and explosions after 16 + hours . doesn't look good for some of the hostages .
sydney hostages : sydney gunman identified as refugee iranian
2 people have been confirmed dead , one believed to be the gunman .
i just wanna hug zayn right now . i know all this stuff happening in sydney is somehow gonna be blamed on zayn . he hasn't done nothing :(
breakingthe hostage situation in sydney , austrailia , is over .details below :
bbc news - heavily armed police storm sydney cafe ending siege by iranian refugee gunman who took dozens hostage
people actually took selfies in front of the , so it's officially give-up-on-humanity o'clock :
is dramatically over in gunfire and explosions after 16 + hours . doesn't look good for some of the hostages .
so at d end was not an act by . it was an act by a lone lunatic .that's a refief . i guess !!#sydneyhostagecrisis
2 people have been confirmed dead , one believed to be the gunman .
i spoke too soon , aussie media was civilised , but look at arnab on same embarrassment
breakingthe hostage situation in sydney , austrailia , is over .details below :
dunno yet , lots of shots fired . don't know what's happened to the piece of shit gunman yet
people actually took selfies in front of the , so it's officially give-up-on-humanity o'clock :
2 people are confirmed to be dead . 1 of them is the gunman fuck
so at d end was not an act by . it was an act by a lone lunatic .that's a refief . i guess !!#sydneyhostagecrisis
amazing moment hostages were finally freed :
i spoke too soon , aussie media was civilised , but look at arnab on same embarrassment
the was the last straw . has no place in the west and . go back to your desert where you belong .
dunno yet , lots of shots fired . don't know what's happened to the piece of shit gunman yet
nothing like a good ol ' islamofascist terrorist attack to bring out sympathy - for everyone exc . the victims .
2 people are confirmed to be dead . 1 of them is the gunman fuck
rip to those who were killed in the
amazing moment hostages were finally freed :
just reading all this awful stuff that's going on in sydney hope you're working from home !
the was the last straw . has no place in the west and . go back to your desert where you belong .
there has reportedly been two deaths in the
nothing like a good ol ' islamofascist terrorist attack to bring out sympathy - for everyone exc . the victims .
armed gunman , sheikh man haron monis , has a criminal record for violence , is known to the police .#sydneysiege
rip to those who were killed in the
the speculation is making me a very grumpy nils . better off taking time and getting the information correct
just reading all this awful stuff that's going on in sydney hope you're working from home !
sydney was essentially a real life version of the movie falling down . hyped up out of all proportion .
there has reportedly been two deaths in the
the news is saying one of the dead was the gunman .
armed gunman , sheikh man haron monis , has a criminal record for violence , is known to the police .#sydneysiege
rip 1 of the 2 killed on the the other can rot in wherever he is
the speculation is making me a very grumpy nils . better off taking time and getting the information correct
who is sheik man haron monis : sydney cafe gunman on bail for alleged violent offences via
sydney was essentially a real life version of the movie falling down . hyped up out of all proportion .
all my love prayers go out to everyone in sydney . honestly hope that everyone will get out safely .
rip 1 of the 2 killed on the the other can rot in wherever he is
wait a minute , hold up ! you're telling me the violent , sydney hostage-taker guy was a radical muslim ? inconceivable .
who is sheik man haron monis : sydney cafe gunman on bail for alleged violent offences via
the has ended but i'm not sure the ordeal ends for the infy guy . the indian media will now descend on him like a ton of bricks
all my love prayers go out to everyone in sydney . honestly hope that everyone will get out safely .
some people are worried about this and don't even know what has gone on in sydney today . really does say a lot .
2 ppl are dead :(((still no clue abt the gunman
hoping all the hostages are now safe
wait a minute , hold up ! you're telling me the violent , sydney hostage-taker guy was a radical muslim ? inconceivable .
security forces storm hostage siege cafe , gunman named via
the has ended but i'm not sure the ordeal ends for the infy guy . the indian media will now descend on him like a ton of bricks
going to bed nowhopefully good news when i wake upmy thoughts are with everyone involved !
some people are worried about this and don't even know what has gone on in sydney today . really does say a lot .
sydney siege : father of indian techie vishwakant ankireddy prays for safe release
hoping all the hostages are now safe
sydney incident endsbut 2 ppl have to give their lifes
security forces storm hostage siege cafe , gunman named via
isn't that crazy ! did you see what happened with in the incident ? 4 x surge pricing because of
going to bed nowhopefully good news when i wake upmy thoughts are with everyone involved !
locanews 7 siege is over : sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police storme locanews 7
sydney siege : father of indian techie vishwakant ankireddy prays for safe release
ch9 reporting police source says iranian gunman - with criminal history - is dead . reports a hostage has died as well .
sydney incident endsbut 2 ppl have to give their lifes
wonder how bad feinstein feels about the hostage death .
isn't that crazy ! did you see what happened with in the incident ? 4 x surge pricing because of
the star online : sydney ;s nightmare before christmas
locanews 7 siege is over : sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police storme locanews 7
two confirmed dead , one believed to be the gunman .
ch9 reporting police source says iranian gunman - with criminal history - is dead . reports a hostage has died as well .
ok what happened in sydney sorry im dumb
wonder how bad feinstein feels about the hostage death .
[03:18]two people confirmed dead one being the gunman , 9 news confirms .
the star online : sydney ;s nightmare before christmas
i'm just disappointed in all my usa friends use the as an excuse to argue gun laws or just be glad to see surge pricing works ..
two confirmed dead , one believed to be the gunman .
would terrorism have a different impact if there would be less coverage by the media ?
ok what happened in sydney sorry im dumb
confirmed reports of two killed during siege and one is believed to be the gunman
[03:18]two people confirmed dead one being the gunman , 9 news confirms .
over . police storm the cafe . some casualties . hostage taker is man haron monis , an iranian born cleric and ex asylum seeker .
i'm just disappointed in all my usa friends use the as an excuse to argue gun laws or just be glad to see surge pricing works ..
well for a 'professional' terrorist operation there wouldn't be one gunman . this whole thing was unusual and amateurish .
would terrorism have a different impact if there would be less coverage by the media ?
prayers for the innocents in sydney who lost their lives today .
over . police storm the cafe . some casualties . hostage taker is man haron monis , an iranian born cleric and ex asylum seeker .
prayers going out to those involved w /the hostage situation in sydney australia
well for a 'professional' terrorist operation there wouldn't be one gunman . this whole thing was unusual and amateurish .
usa - travel alert - lone gunman thought to have killed 5, barricades himself in souderton home
prayers for the innocents in sydney who lost their lives today .
skynews australia is apparently confirming 2 dead , 1 the terrorist . unconfirmed via dm
two persons dead in sydney , one the gunman .
is a rad movement in sydney organized to protect against anti-muslim backlash consequent of the cafe siege
prayers going out to those involved w /the hostage situation in sydney australia
police storm cafe in sydney to end hostage standoff - the washington post
usa - travel alert - lone gunman thought to have killed 5, barricades himself in souderton home
my condolences go out to the family of the victim that lost their life
skynews australia is apparently confirming 2 dead , 1 the terrorist . unconfirmed via dm
seems to enjoy actively fighting the rumour that 'any press is good press ' through hard work and self-sacrifice
is a rad movement in sydney organized to protect against anti-muslim backlash consequent of the cafe siege
rubik cube tisue box cover big bang theory
police storm cafe in sydney to end hostage standoff - the washington post
two people confirmed dead . one believed to be the gunman .
my condolences go out to the family of the victim that lost their life
when will the violence and terror ever stop .
seems to enjoy actively fighting the rumour that 'any press is good press ' through hard work and self-sacrifice
video : sydney cafe siege : heavy gunfire breaks out after hostages flee
rubik cube tisue box cover big bang theory
shootings in pa and sydney this morning . praying for the families of the dead and wounded , and this cruel world .
when will the violence and terror ever stop .
i am not a fan of the holiday season , people go completely nuts ! police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege
video : sydney cafe siege : heavy gunfire breaks out after hostages flee
stellar job by in covering the . they seem to be the only news outlet confirming facts before reporting them .
shootings in pa and sydney this morning . praying for the families of the dead and wounded , and this cruel world .
uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during the hostage situation
reports say two people are dead , three seriously injuredgunman is reported among the dead .
thoughts are with the family and friends of the hostage that didn't make it . not the outcome we wanted .
i am not a fan of the holiday season , people go completely nuts ! police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege
can we please get some information on the gunman i have work in 8 hours and
stellar job by in covering the . they seem to be the only news outlet confirming facts before reporting them .
sydney gunman was a refugee identified as iranian muslim clerik on bail for accessory to murder
uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during the hostage situation
they won't ,for them votes matte are the politicians who claim ishrat jahan is their daughter ?must introspect .
thoughts are with the family and friends of the hostage that didn't make it . not the outcome we wanted .
islam is a disease ! read up on it today !
they won't ,for them votes matte are the politicians who claim ishrat jahan is their daughter ?must introspect .
heavily armed police storm a cafe in central sydney where a gunman had been holding hostages at bay since mond
islam is a disease ! read up on it today !
infosys engineer among other hostages freed in sydney cafe crisis .
two people now confirmed dead . one being the gunman , the second will not be named until the family have been notified .
sydney smith earns 2 nd straight rookie of the week honor --
rip everyone who died in sydney today
channel 9 australia reporting two people have been killed in the conclusion of the - one believed to be the gunman .
heavily armed police storm a cafe in central sydney where a gunman had been holding hostages at bay since mond
if a known criminal can get a gun how easy must it be for young extremists ? and how did he get one as a murder suspect ?
infosys engineer among other hostages freed in sydney cafe crisis .
thoughts prayers to those in beautiful sydney xx
sydney smith earns 2 nd straight rookie of the week honor --
reply to hostage taker was guilty of many sexual assaults ? australia you need to wthu . shocking .
channel 9 australia reporting two people have been killed in the conclusion of the - one believed to be the gunman .
wait for official confirmation before reporting casualties .
if a known criminal can get a gun how easy must it be for young extremists ? and how did he get one as a murder suspect ?
gunman confirmed dead , differing reports on identity of second casualty .
thoughts prayers to those in beautiful sydney xx
iranian gunman dead in sydney : iranian gunman dead in sydney
reply to hostage taker was guilty of many sexual assaults ? australia you need to wthu . shocking .
shame on these terrorists ! they are spoiling the name of islam .. they are the enemies of allah !
wait for official confirmation before reporting casualties .
well they've confirmed it now . gunman and a hostage are dead .
gunman confirmed dead , differing reports on identity of second casualty .
a very powerful silver lining to come out of the horrible events in sydney australia is a warm , welcoming and
iranian gunman dead in sydney : iranian gunman dead in sydney
if the has taught us anything , is that life is so precious . what was meant to be an ordinary boring monday , turned upside down .
shame on these terrorists ! they are spoiling the name of islam .. they are the enemies of allah !
so glad the sydney siege is over but concerned to hear that 2 people are fighting for their lives . thoughts with all of them
well they've confirmed it now . gunman and a hostage are dead .
did the gunman in philadelphia want non-gunmen to goto hell ? or was it a domestic dispute gone violent ?
a very powerful silver lining to come out of the horrible events in sydney australia is a warm , welcoming and
my thoughts and prayers go towards the family and friends of the hostages in sydney
if the has taught us anything , is that life is so precious . what was meant to be an ordinary boring monday , turned upside down .
my timeline is full of people speculating over what happened in ending with no official confirmation . great .
so glad the sydney siege is over but concerned to hear that 2 people are fighting for their lives . thoughts with all of them
breaking news !australian police confirm siege is over after a tense 16 -hour hostage taking in sydney .
did the gunman in philadelphia want non-gunmen to goto hell ? or was it a domestic dispute gone violent ?
unusual protocol when police stormed cafe , video shows officers throwing flash bang type devices into cafe after police entry .
my thoughts and prayers go towards the family and friends of the hostages in sydney
2 dead , several injured after storming of cafe
my timeline is full of people speculating over what happened in ending with no official confirmation . great .
the gunman was a muslim cleric named man haron monis .
breaking news !australian police confirm siege is over after a tense 16 -hour hostage taking in sydney .
a jolly good job done at sydney cafe !australian sas regt boys did take part in the flash-bang storming !
unusual protocol when police stormed cafe , video shows officers throwing flash bang type devices into cafe after police entry .
a jihadi did a today . and a is threatening a on the 17 thya allah ! terror politics have no religion
2 dead , several injured after storming of cafe
good morning friends ! pray for our friends in australia today . terrorist attack in sydney today . looks like only the terrorist injured .
the gunman was a muslim cleric named man haron monis .
yet another reason we should
a jolly good job done at sydney cafe !australian sas regt boys did take part in the flash-bang storming !
iranian gunman with isis flag takes hostages . complete mystery as to his motivation . maybe motivated by tea party ?
a jihadi did a today . and a is threatening a on the 17 thya allah ! terror politics have no religion
rescata la policia de sydney a rehenes de terrorista islamico .
good morning friends ! pray for our friends in australia today . terrorist attack in sydney today . looks like only the terrorist injured .
9 news confirms numbers : two dead (including the gunman ), 3 critically injured
yet another reason we should
has madam aarti jetrath spoken on or not it just doesn ;t feel right without her little droppings
iranian gunman with isis flag takes hostages . complete mystery as to his motivation . maybe motivated by tea party ?
thank god this is all over . we may not have gotten the ending we wanted but people are alive and no longer in danger
rescata la policia de sydney a rehenes de terrorista islamico .
who is sydney gunman man haron monis ?monis, along with his current partner amirah droudis , was arrested and
9 news confirms numbers : two dead (including the gunman ), 3 critically injured
i'm thankful the sydney hostage situation has ended . everyone must be grateful for brave police allied agency team members - everywhere .
has madam aarti jetrath spoken on or not it just doesn ;t feel right without her little droppings
well u would expect the gunman was shooting too
thank god this is all over . we may not have gotten the ending we wanted but people are alive and no longer in danger
all about politic cia toucher report now sleep now we are talking about sydney
who is sydney gunman man haron monis ?monis, along with his current partner amirah droudis , was arrested and
okay wtf i have been on airplanes n shit for like 20 hours and i just found out about about the sydney hostage situation
i'm thankful the sydney hostage situation has ended . everyone must be grateful for brave police allied agency team members - everywhere .
two people confirmed dead , gunman may be one of those people .prayers are with that hostages family , they were incredibly brave today x
all about politic cia toucher report now sleep now we are talking about sydney
australian security forces stormed the sydney cafe where hostages were held at gunpoint , standoff dragged on for more than 16 hours .
okay wtf i have been on airplanes n shit for like 20 hours and i just found out about about the sydney hostage situation
does the judge who let him out on bail feel proud ? savage letters to dead soldiers families , 40 + sex charges , killing ex wife .
two people confirmed dead , gunman may be one of those people .prayers are with that hostages family , they were incredibly brave today x
seriously people , what the hell does an islamic cleric know about islam ?#isisisnotislamic
latest : local media are reporting that the gunman , man haron monis , has been killed
the independent : dramatic video footage has emerged of the moment officers stormed the sydney cafe to loud
australian security forces stormed the sydney cafe where hostages were held at gunpoint , standoff dragged on for more than 16 hours .
breaking sydney siege : gunfire as police storm cafe | sbs news
does the judge who let him out on bail feel proud ? savage letters to dead soldiers families , 40 + sex charges , killing ex wife .
on sydney hostage taking suspect's experimenting w /multiple identities : disturbed individual more than anything else
seriously people , what the hell does an islamic cleric know about islam ?#isisisnotislamic
finally , 14 hour long has ended !
the independent : dramatic video footage has emerged of the moment officers stormed the sydney cafe to loud
glad to hear the sydney siege is over ! hopefully the 2 unconfirmed deaths are not trueor at least it just ends up being the gunman __
on sydney hostage taking suspect's experimenting w /multiple identities : disturbed individual more than anything else
thank fuck one of them is the gunman . karma is a bitch isn't it ?
finally , 14 hour long has ended !
breaking news : one of the two dead in sydney is the gunman .
glad to hear the sydney siege is over ! hopefully the 2 unconfirmed deaths are not trueor at least it just ends up being the gunman __
that was a very sad end to the . my heart goes out to all the families and friends of those involved .
breaking news - police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege
attn : marxist nihilists , who put their life on the line today for hostages in sydney ?
thank fuck one of them is the gunman . karma is a bitch isn't it ?
indian it guy rescued after 16 hours of along with his bag
breaking news : one of the two dead in sydney is the gunman .
people really need to stop posting unconfirmed information !
that was a very sad end to the . my heart goes out to all the families and friends of those involved .
human behaviour never ceases to disappoint ! :/
attn : marxist nihilists , who put their life on the line today for hostages in sydney ?
how to increase your organic traffic by 200 % using
indian it guy rescued after 16 hours of along with his bag
it is understood two people - including gunman man monis - have died as the ends .
human behaviour never ceases to disappoint ! :/
sydney siege : police storm cafe and confirm that siege has ended
how to increase your organic traffic by 200 % using
instead of discussing real terrorism like , liberals are focused on manufactured lies like to advance a false agenda .
it is understood two people - including gunman man monis - have died as the ends .
breaking : hostages have been freed , but two people are reported dead
we believe gunman , man haron monis , is among two people dead after the 16 hour
so so sad to hear one hostage died . my thoughts and love go out to the family of that person .
sydney siege : police storm cafe and confirm that siege has ended
over , turns out no more serious than stuff which happens in small us towns every day . australia and the media exposed as asses .
instead of discussing real terrorism like , liberals are focused on manufactured lies like to advance a false agenda .
australians take to social media in a bid to prevent anti -#muslim backlash in wake of
breaking : hostages have been freed , but two people are reported dead
apparently being from sydney means they have to tweet a play-by-play of what's happening in sydney .
over , turns out no more serious than stuff which happens in small us towns every day . australia and the media exposed as asses .
what happened to sydney makes me really sad ,, thank god that its over .
australians take to social media in a bid to prevent anti -#muslim backlash in wake of
police are currently going through the backpack that the gunman had on during the
apparently being from sydney means they have to tweet a play-by-play of what's happening in sydney .
can you fucking get over 5 sos as if that's your priority thought right now ? they're clearly not worried about sydney because they're safe
sending thoughts and love to all those affected by
oh my god , two people have been confirmed dead . one of which is the gunman (confirmed on channel 9 news )
what happened to sydney makes me really sad ,, thank god that its over .
kudos to australia's nsw police force . they have handled this incredibly , with what i would definitely consider minimal loss .
can you fucking get over 5 sos as if that's your priority thought right now ? they're clearly not worried about sydney because they're safe
there were far too many fired for in a hostage situation with a lone gunman
oh my god , two people have been confirmed dead . one of which is the gunman (confirmed on channel 9 news )
hope those guys in the hostage in sydney are ok
kudos to australia's nsw police force . they have handled this incredibly , with what i would definitely consider minimal loss .
2 people confirmed dead through police source . unconfirmed 1 is the gunman .
breaking : is now over . two killed , one believed to be the gunman .
dom dwyer and sydney leroux r probably the best looking couple in the world
there were far too many fired for in a hostage situation with a lone gunman
all my thoughts and prayers to the families of the people who died in sydney !!!
hope those guys in the hostage in sydney are ok
cleric man haron monis named as man behind siege via
2 people confirmed dead through police source . unconfirmed 1 is the gunman .
praying for the hostages , their families , and the police in sydney .
dom dwyer and sydney leroux r probably the best looking couple in the world
sydney siege is over : gunman 'dead' after police storm cafe ending 16 -hr hostage terror
all my thoughts and prayers to the families of the people who died in sydney !!!
hey they know how to handle terrorists in sydney .
cleric man haron monis named as man behind siege via
2 people were just confirmed dead one of them is apparently the gunman
praying for the hostages , their families , and the police in sydney .
media only started to reveal details after it's over . unlike here where tv channels reported live on the spot by seconds .
sydney siege is over : gunman 'dead' after police storm cafe ending 16 -hr hostage terror
people being conveyed by ambulance from the scene
hey they know how to handle terrorists in sydney .
i haven't changed my mind habibi ! i love you more and more every day ! i'm just scared with that siege in sydney .
2 people were just confirmed dead one of them is apparently the gunman
but saying -update: reports police officer may have a pellet wound to face
media only started to reveal details after it's over . unlike here where tv channels reported live on the spot by seconds .
thankfully the is over , prayers go to the ones that are injured and everyone who had to deal with this horrible situation .
people being conveyed by ambulance from the scene
bloomberg : raw video : watch police storm sydney siege site
i haven't changed my mind habibi ! i love you more and more every day ! i'm just scared with that siege in sydney .
was workplace violence , cuz , duh , people work at the shop . now you serfs , get back to sieg heiling preezy ovomit !#tcot
but saying -update: reports police officer may have a pellet wound to face
man haron monis allegedly sent offensive letters to families of dead australian soldiers , via
thankfully the is over , prayers go to the ones that are injured and everyone who had to deal with this horrible situation .
siege : hostages held by ' gunman in lindt cafe - via
bloomberg : raw video : watch police storm sydney siege site
blasts , gunfire as cops storm sydney cafe ; suspect identified
was workplace violence , cuz , duh , people work at the shop . now you serfs , get back to sieg heiling preezy ovomit !#tcot
it was clear early on the lindt gunman did not have containment and control of his site or hostages .
man haron monis allegedly sent offensive letters to families of dead australian soldiers , via
2 confirmed dead , one being the gunman . no police so putting 2 and 2 together a hostage has been killed . :(
siege : hostages held by ' gunman in lindt cafe - via
from 1 of the many middle eastern gangs that run sydney
blasts , gunfire as cops storm sydney cafe ; suspect identified
5 dead pennsylvania shooting : gunman barricaded in pennsylvania home after spree via
it was clear early on the lindt gunman did not have containment and control of his site or hostages .
there really are some awful humans in this world . i am relieved to hear the nightmare is over for those poor people .
2 confirmed dead , one being the gunman . no police so putting 2 and 2 together a hostage has been killed . :(
5 killed in philly , more killed in pennsylvania and a hostage problem in sydney australia .
from 1 of the many middle eastern gangs that run sydney
i'm relieved it's finally over . all my prayers go to the victims and their families , hope they'll be okay 3
5 dead pennsylvania shooting : gunman barricaded in pennsylvania home after spree via
the hostage crisis in sydney is over . vishwakant ankit reddy is safe : eam sushma swaraj tweets
there really are some awful humans in this world . i am relieved to hear the nightmare is over for those poor people .
hopefully this lone wolf is a dead wolf
5 killed in philly , more killed in pennsylvania and a hostage problem in sydney australia .
live updates : suspected islamic militant holds hostages in sydney siege via
i'm relieved it's finally over . all my prayers go to the victims and their families , hope they'll be okay 3
breaking : gunman and one hostage killed in sydney siege
the hostage crisis in sydney is over . vishwakant ankit reddy is safe : eam sushma swaraj tweets
already britain first are spreading lies about the . jesus , do those nazis ever quit ?
hopefully this lone wolf is a dead wolf
reports that the gunman has passed aeay
live updates : suspected islamic militant holds hostages in sydney siege via
it pisses me off that ashtons the one who who's tweeted about sydney and at how much they're trying to promote livesos right now
breaking : gunman and one hostage killed in sydney siege
isis has crossed the line attacking a chocolate shop ! hope michelle doesn't find out .
already britain first are spreading lies about the . jesus , do those nazis ever quit ?
man haron monis ' site is still accessible via google cache :
reports that the gunman has passed aeay
thoughts are with everyone and what happened in sydney
it pisses me off that ashtons the one who who's tweeted about sydney and at how much they're trying to promote livesos right now
doing the right thing :#illridewithyou: aussies support muslims fearing backlash - your community
isis has crossed the line attacking a chocolate shop ! hope michelle doesn't find out .
confirmed two people are dead one believed to be the gunman
man haron monis ' site is still accessible via google cache :
my heart goes out to all those in sydney , i wish them all safety and good health
thoughts are with everyone and what happened in sydney
crazy day . first the then these shootings near philly
doing the right thing :#illridewithyou: aussies support muslims fearing backlash - your community
terrible news . ch 9 reporting two killed in . one hostage died . fucking awful .
confirmed two people are dead one believed to be the gunman
reminded me of mumbai attacks 26 /11..well done aussies ..
my heart goes out to all those in sydney , i wish them all safety and good health
sydney hostage siege ends after 16 hours
crazy day . first the then these shootings near philly
absolutely horrible what's happening in sydney right now
reminded me of mumbai attacks 26 /11..well done aussies ..
as the news is unfolding from sydney this is the same old story we allways hear , why was this deranged extremist not in jail or monitored
absolutely horrible what's happening in sydney right now
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people hav
nine news have reported two people have been confirmed dead . one of them is the hostage taker man haron monis .
i didn't know sydney had isis cafe .
as the news is unfolding from sydney this is the same old story we allways hear , why was this deranged extremist not in jail or monitored
: sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled from a popula
sydney crisis : australians offer support to muslims amid siege
gunman killed during police operation , report
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people hav
owed quadrillions of $s to stop our economic collapse !
i didn't know sydney had isis cafe .
: let them kill more muslims n covert then face more terrorist attack like sydney n mumbai n force them to kill
: sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled from a popula
we may have different political ideologies but whenever it comes down to terrorism , we are united : gaurav bhatia , sp
gunman killed during police operation , report
iranian gunman holding hostages inside sydney cafe
owed quadrillions of $s to stop our economic collapse !
latest photos and news from , where the siege has ended :
: let them kill more muslims n covert then face more terrorist attack like sydney n mumbai n force them to kill
what an awful day in sydney today ! thank god everyone is safe . what is this world coming to ? and it all comes down to bloody religion !!
we may have different political ideologies but whenever it comes down to terrorism , we are united : gaurav bhatia , sp
arnab great that you are doing the debate which is the need of the hour !!!
iranian gunman holding hostages inside sydney cafe
viswakanth ankireddy ,india who was held hostage during , is now safe .
latest photos and news from , where the siege has ended :
the way the australian's reacted to fellow muslims , all virat hindus can take lesson on true patriotism
what an awful day in sydney today ! thank god everyone is safe . what is this world coming to ? and it all comes down to bloody religion !!
then you discover that the gunman is holed up just 2 blocks from your home . and you're home alone .
arnab great that you are doing the debate which is the need of the hour !!!
we are appalled that people are shooting a at where is
viswakanth ankireddy ,india who was held hostage during , is now safe .
media frenzy outdoing each other .siege is over
the way the australian's reacted to fellow muslims , all virat hindus can take lesson on true patriotism
questions for spy agencies . and if hostage fatalities , also whether police assault was a necessity , or merely an opportunity .
then you discover that the gunman is holed up just 2 blocks from your home . and you're home alone .
it's been reported by nbn that one of the 2 dead is the gunman
we are appalled that people are shooting a at where is
police source saying that 2 dead , one being the terrorist .
media frenzy outdoing each other .siege is over
confirmed : two dead , one believed to be gunman
questions for spy agencies . and if hostage fatalities , also whether police assault was a necessity , or merely an opportunity .
you're the only one who has mentioned the sydney seige props to you
it's been reported by nbn that one of the 2 dead is the gunman
so we're going to watch recorded images of the whole day ,the siege is over can't u shift to other news please .
you're the only one who has mentioned the sydney seige props to you
i was watching youtube streaming on the hearing of a shot ring out . the police storming the scene . very sudden
so we're going to watch recorded images of the whole day ,the siege is over can't u shift to other news please .
in the wake of the australians try to fight in social media campaign
sydney cafe was stormed swat bomb sqd . hostage taker dead 4 critically injured ind . 1 officer and possibly 2 dead hostages ..hi ken
he was more than known to sydney police ! he had even pleaded guilty to serious chargesthis unacceptable . terrible .
siege of 17 hours is over with a number of hostages . gunfire used and 2 were killed , one was the gunman
a sydney police spokesman would not release further details about the fate of the gunman or his remaining captives
i was watching youtube streaming on the hearing of a shot ring out . the police storming the scene . very sudden
standoff over after police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
in the wake of the australians try to fight in social media campaign
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled from
he was more than known to sydney police ! he had even pleaded guilty to serious chargesthis unacceptable . terrible .
so loon was :a) self-declared clericb ) previously charged of sexual assault (out on bail )c) murdered wife (?)
a sydney police spokesman would not release further details about the fate of the gunman or his remaining captives
breaking : shots fired in the by police and suspect . watch the footage here :
standoff over after police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
sheik man haron monis id'ed as suspect in sydney siege via
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled from
coverage of sydney hostage situation has been going on for the past 15 + hours . sad indeed 5 dead in philly shooting . only tweets about
so loon was :a) self-declared clericb ) previously charged of sexual assault (out on bail )c) murdered wife (?)
heartening to see some australians combating with hashtag
breaking : shots fired in the by police and suspect . watch the footage here :
unconfirmed : gunman man haron monis is one of the dead
sheik man haron monis id'ed as suspect in sydney siege via
prays to the victims - thank god it is all over now .
coverage of sydney hostage situation has been going on for the past 15 + hours . sad indeed 5 dead in philly shooting . only tweets about
i hope its true that the gunman is dead
heartening to see some australians combating with hashtag
and corrupt politicions equales to 100 % downfall of a nation .
prays to the victims - thank god it is all over now .
ch9 is now saying two killed , one believed to be gunman
i hope its true that the gunman is dead
sydney siege is over . how many died ?
and corrupt politicions equales to 100 % downfall of a nation .
apparently two people have been killed - one believed to be the gunman , the poor other soul if this is true
i dont want the gunman to be dead hes a fucking asshole that needs to be reckoned with
message from friend o /s asking if asio was asleep when haron's info internet activity was so open he has a point
ch9 is now saying two killed , one believed to be gunman
australian news now reporting 2 dead . 1 is gunman
apparently two people have been killed - one believed to be the gunman , the poor other soul if this is true
dramatic video emerges of several hostages fleeing sydney cafe as police storm building
message from friend o /s asking if asio was asleep when haron's info internet activity was so open he has a point
update : sydney hostage drama ends in flurry
australian news now reporting 2 dead . 1 is gunman
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled f controla
dramatic video emerges of several hostages fleeing sydney cafe as police storm building
headline on channel 9 reads 'two killed , one believed to be gunman man monis '
update : sydney hostage drama ends in flurry
breaking : cafe siege in sydney , australia over , new south wales police confirm to cnn , islamic terrorist neutralised .
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled f controla
it's a gd day there , but it's a bad and scary day here .. :(
mr . president , as an iranian citizen i urge you to immediately issue a statement condemning the hostage situation in sydney
bbc middle east - police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia
headline on channel 9 reads 'two killed , one believed to be gunman man monis '
2 confirmed dead , 3 seriously injured including a police officer .
breaking : cafe siege in sydney , australia over , new south wales police confirm to cnn , islamic terrorist neutralised .
looks like australian sf slotted that geezer fair play .
it's a gd day there , but it's a bad and scary day here .. :(
sydney siege spurs to show solidarity with muslims
bbc middle east - police storm sydney siege cafe : armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia
tense situation in sydney . tactical paramedics called into action .
2 confirmed dead , 3 seriously injured including a police officer .
my deepest sympathies for those who couldn't make it out safely
looks like australian sf slotted that geezer fair play .
i think 1 dead might be gunman . he was known to police . 2 more hostage sit , 1 in philly and 1 in brussels .
sydney siege spurs to show solidarity with muslims
2 people have reportedly been killed - one believed to be the gunman - in the martin place cafe
tense situation in sydney . tactical paramedics called into action .
nobody gives a shit about the gunman .we would not care if he was dead .
my deepest sympathies for those who couldn't make it out safely
r breaking freedhostage carried w /c.4 paramedicteamsonscene
i think 1 dead might be gunman . he was known to police . 2 more hostage sit , 1 in philly and 1 in brussels .
is over ..all that aus police says abt d hostage taker is dat he is unhappily married ..dat explains d term hostage
2 people have reportedly been killed - one believed to be the gunman - in the martin place cafe
that was a lot of gun fire for one man . hope everyone's ok
nobody gives a shit about the gunman .we would not care if he was dead .
all my love goes to the hostages in sydney
r breaking freedhostage carried w /c.4 paramedicteamsonscene
2 have been kled ones believed to be the gunman fuck
that was a lot of gun fire for one man . hope everyone's ok
abc news in australia's live coverage of the end of the :
2 have been kled ones believed to be the gunman fuck
live huge to our police , total confidence
you bastards should have been exchanged in place of hostages
feeling blessed to be sleeping safely in my bed tonight . my thoughts are with all involved with the
abc news in australia's live coverage of the end of the :
police say hostage situation in sydney is over after police stormed cafe where gunman held unknown number of people
australia ,sydney siege end : 2 hostages died and 3 seriously injuredindian hostage comes out safe
all my prayers to the hostages this is such a shocking thing and its horrible i hope they get bettee
live huge to our police , total confidence
update : sydney hostage siege ends after 16 hours .
feeling blessed to be sleeping safely in my bed tonight . my thoughts are with all involved with the
gunfire erupts as cops storm site of sydney cafe siege : live picture from martin place in downtown sydney wher
all my prayers to the hostages this is such a shocking thing and its horrible i hope they get bettee
the gunman is one of two believed to be dead .
update : sydney hostage siege ends after 16 hours .
2 confirmed dead , one believed to be the gunman
gunfire erupts as cops storm site of sydney cafe siege : live picture from martin place in downtown sydney wher
question : did uber's price surge in sydney allow more people to flee area ? what is driver's labor supply elasticity during crisis ?
australian hostage situation over after 16 hours
sydney siege : infosys employee safe - the hindu
the gunman is one of two believed to be dead .
the sydney siege is over .. r .i.p to the hostage that lost their life
2 confirmed dead , one believed to be the gunman
video : sydney siege : gunman holds hostages in cafe via
question : did uber's price surge in sydney allow more people to flee area ? what is driver's labor supply elasticity during crisis ?
sydney live : police confirm siege at lindt cafe is over , india hostage safe - firstpost : firstpostsy
sydney siege : infosys employee safe - the hindu
it's so scary to think that the gunman was once a child and had a family . there could be many children out there who will turn out like him
video : sydney siege : gunman holds hostages in cafe via
not believing anything until we get police confirmation .
it's so scary to think that the gunman was once a child and had a family . there could be many children out there who will turn out like him
when will the world get serious about islamic fundamentalism ?
reports two have died , including the gunman . a tragedy one hostage has lost their life . absolutely horrible .
just catching twitter feeds about sydney siege now over . world has gone mad .
not believing anything until we get police confirmation .
5 sos have the power to bring change to this especially since they derived from sydney but no the only thing that matters is their album
just catching twitter feeds about sydney siege now over . world has gone mad .
unfortunately tv news reporting 2 people have been killed in the siege in sydney . one is believed to be the gunman .
5 sos have the power to bring change to this especially since they derived from sydney but no the only thing that matters is their album
sydney crisis : australians offer support to muslims amid siege : sydney resident rachael jacobs wrote on facebook she had seen a woman
hostage situation in sydney 1 hostage dead after 16 hour standoff
abcnews being careful to say they dont know if anyones been killed . cnn dont know anything
we are with you ! hostages display islamic flag as up to 20 people are 'held by armed man ' in sydney lindt cafe
iranian gunman dead in sydney - drudge
unfortunately tv news reporting 2 people have been killed in the siege in sydney . one is believed to be the gunman .
nsw police declared the siege in over . no clear information about the condition of the attacker .
sydney crisis : australians offer support to muslims amid siege : sydney resident rachael jacobs wrote on facebook she had seen a woman
pls at least twelve people have fled f
abcnews being careful to say they dont know if anyones been killed . cnn dont know anything
sydney crisis : australians offer support to muslims amid siege : sydney resident rachael jacobs wrote on facebo
iranian gunman dead in sydney - drudge
sydney siege ends now so is the image of islam brightened .
nsw police declared the siege in over . no clear information about the condition of the attacker .
goodnight and i am so relieved the seige is over , well done to everyone who helped making the people in sydney safe , god bless u all
pls at least twelve people have fled f
sydney hostage taker made his request via hostages ' facebook page .
sydney crisis : australians offer support to muslims amid siege : sydney resident rachael jacobs wrote on facebo
religion is responsible for this act at sydney .. their is no place for any religion in 21 century :-(
sydney siege ends now so is the image of islam brightened .
why is everyone talking about new years eve in sydney ? i'm sorry , i really don't know
goodnight and i am so relieved the seige is over , well done to everyone who helped making the people in sydney safe , god bless u all
finally over ! thoughts are with the family friends of the hostages who lost their lives the injured safe hostages
sydney hostage taker made his request via hostages ' facebook page .
police stormed cafe .paramedics have carried hostages from cafe - a few on stretchers .
religion is responsible for this act at sydney .. their is no place for any religion in 21 century :-(
coin ! rahatjobayar : it's time to clean up mess once n forever . condemn
why is everyone talking about new years eve in sydney ? i'm sorry , i really don't know
2 have been confirmed dead but they arent sure if 1 is the gunman or if both are hostages
finally over ! thoughts are with the family friends of the hostages who lost their lives the injured safe hostages
heavily armed australian police stormed a central sydney cafe where a self-styled sheikh held several hostages at
police stormed cafe .paramedics have carried hostages from cafe - a few on stretchers .
dtn kerala : sydney crisis : australians offer support to muslims amid siege : sydney resident rachael jacobs wro
coin ! rahatjobayar : it's time to clean up mess once n forever . condemn
if the gunman is dead , good luck getting any answer this could never be solved
2 have been confirmed dead but they arent sure if 1 is the gunman or if both are hostages
3 novices :sydney siege : hostages flee cafe , cops move in gunfire erupts as police storm a chocolate shop in sydne
heavily armed australian police stormed a central sydney cafe where a self-styled sheikh held several hostages at
as of now , unfortunately terrorism does have a religion . is matter of accepting it and addressing it
dtn kerala : sydney crisis : australians offer support to muslims amid siege : sydney resident rachael jacobs wro
3 novices :'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots gunfire erupted as police stormed a chocolat
if the gunman is dead , good luck getting any answer this could never be solved
are people for real !?!? takin selfies outside the sydney siege . fuckin disgraceful . have a bit of respect !
3 novices :sydney siege : hostages flee cafe , cops move in gunfire erupts as police storm a chocolate shop in sydne
ap : an injured hostage is wheeled to an ambulance during a cafe siege in sydney , australia : via
as of now , unfortunately terrorism does have a religion . is matter of accepting it and addressing it
apparently the gunman was using 'the wrong flag '. is that like 'the wrong trousers '?
ap : an injured hostage is wheeled to an ambulance during a cafe siege in sydney , australia : via
would seem that one of the hostages and the gunman are dead . sad outcome indeed .
apparently the gunman was using 'the wrong flag '. is that like 'the wrong trousers '?
find it difficult to reconcile that the scenes i've just witnessed have occured in my beloved sydney , a chilling wake up call for all of us .
would seem that one of the hostages and the gunman are dead . sad outcome indeed .
the fact that ashton is the only one who tweeted about the sydney siege makes me so :////
find it difficult to reconcile that the scenes i've just witnessed have occured in my beloved sydney , a chilling wake up call for all of us .
site is once again eerily quiet after police raid . no official word on injuries .
the police in sydney that took over the isis hostage situation are dressed the same way police in ferguson are .
etc etc etc . no second chances , no soft approach , no 'anti-extremism classes ' - extradition .
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , aus from world news app
channel 9 aus reporting one hostage is dead plus one other .
the fact that ashton is the only one who tweeted about the sydney siege makes me so :////
i would like to thank our visionary pm for rescuing our indian chap from within 17 hrs
site is once again eerily quiet after police raid . no official word on injuries .
glad it is over ! praying that everyone would be alright .
etc etc etc . no second chances , no soft approach , no 'anti-extremism classes ' - extradition .
stuff like is a rare event in the rest of the western world . in america it happens each and every week
channel 9 aus reporting one hostage is dead plus one other .
bbc news wrote muslims including these terrors in sydney , just no !! we are more much better than this
i would like to thank our visionary pm for rescuing our indian chap from within 17 hrs
2 confirmed dead , one believed to be the gunman . sad for the hostage who has passed away .
glad it is over ! praying that everyone would be alright .
great work by sydney , nsw afp authorities for successful end to the despicable hostage situation
stuff like is a rare event in the rest of the western world . in america it happens each and every week
i don't know what is happening in our world , but we need to find peace soon and quick .
bbc news wrote muslims including these terrors in sydney , just no !! we are more much better than this
cnnbrk : update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition a
great work by sydney , nsw afp authorities for successful end to the despicable hostage situation
the gunman was one of the people who were killed .
i don't know what is happening in our world , but we need to find peace soon and quick .
breaking : it has been reported that two people have died including the gunman .
cnnbrk : update : 2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition a
reminds us of advent consolation via
reports : 2 confirmed dead ; 3 critically injured
is everyone in sydney ok ? did they get out ?
the gunman was one of the people who were killed .
well done sydney police . if you'd shot a terrorist in britain you'd be in jail - just like sgt al blackman .
breaking : it has been reported that two people have died including the gunman .
thoughts and prayers to everyone involved in the . hope everyone will be okay and thank god it's finally over
reminds us of advent consolation via
raw video : australian police storm sydney cafe , free hostages .
is everyone in sydney ok ? did they get out ?
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via do ppl still believe these filthy liars and their staged events
well done sydney police . if you'd shot a terrorist in britain you'd be in jail - just like sgt al blackman .
riding inside an unfamiliar car awhile ago and listening to ed sheeran musicreminds me of sydneykinda miss it -_-
thoughts and prayers to everyone involved in the . hope everyone will be okay and thank god it's finally over
the reporting the gunman / hostage taker is dead
raw video : australian police storm sydney cafe , free hostages .
after all night vigil ; stunning events in over past hour . heart in my throat ; thoughts w / all hostages rescuers for their safety .
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via do ppl still believe these filthy liars and their staged events
we now have confirmation of two killed in sydney siege (one believed to be gunman ). rip beautiful soul xx
riding inside an unfamiliar car awhile ago and listening to ed sheeran musicreminds me of sydneykinda miss it -_-
the siege is over in thank god sad news tht two reported dead and other injured reports
the reporting the gunman / hostage taker is dead
'i can't look and yet i can't look away ' is probably the best way to describe what just happened in sydney
after all night vigil ; stunning events in over past hour . heart in my throat ; thoughts w / all hostages rescuers for their safety .
watch moment hostages fled before police stormed cafe
we now have confirmation of two killed in sydney siege (one believed to be gunman ). rip beautiful soul xx
killing innocent people is a big sin ! how come it can be a jihad ?! these terrorists are so jahil !
the siege is over in thank god sad news tht two reported dead and other injured reports
australian television reports one of two dead includes the gunman . watch :
'i can't look and yet i can't look away ' is probably the best way to describe what just happened in sydney
not even australian , but happy to hear the outcome was good and it's over
watch moment hostages fled before police stormed cafe
poor sydney . heavily armed police end siege by gunman in sydney cafe
killing innocent people is a big sin ! how come it can be a jihad ?! these terrorists are so jahil !
i've now come to a complete stop , to hear that has , also . fingers crossed that the fallout isn't as bad as reports are saying .
australian television reports one of two dead includes the gunman . watch :
dreadful things always seem to happen near christmas . two years ago it was sandy hook , now the . so distressing .
not even australian , but happy to hear the outcome was good and it's over
thank god , all australian hostages were saved safely ! please carefully investigate the bomb issue bring back the peace to sydney !
poor sydney . heavily armed police end siege by gunman in sydney cafe
can't believe what i've woken up to . i knew it was never going to end well
i've now come to a complete stop , to hear that has , also . fingers crossed that the fallout isn't as bad as reports are saying .
hope all the hostages survive in sydney . can't believe innocent people get mixed up in such horrific situations .
dreadful things always seem to happen near christmas . two years ago it was sandy hook , now the . so distressing .
it is all very well saying my thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the but isn't that nonsense the cause of this ?
thank god , all australian hostages were saved safely ! please carefully investigate the bomb issue bring back the peace to sydney !
reports of two people deceased . truly heartbreaking .
can't believe what i've woken up to . i knew it was never going to end well
mt sydney : muslim terrorist posted this message online just yesterday :
hope all the hostages survive in sydney . can't believe innocent people get mixed up in such horrific situations .
that person didn't deserve to die and i'm so upset about it . so awful . apparently , the gunman died . this whole thing has been so freaky .
it is all very well saying my thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the but isn't that nonsense the cause of this ?
really sad news from sydney he should have being locked up , hope the casualties are going to be ok i feel for the family's .
reports of two people deceased . truly heartbreaking .
cnbc says 2 dead , 3 injured in sydney .
mt sydney : muslim terrorist posted this message online just yesterday :
: two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman . more to come .
that person didn't deserve to die and i'm so upset about it . so awful . apparently , the gunman died . this whole thing has been so freaky .
americans still using the to promote their obsession with guns ? wtf ?
really sad news from sydney he should have being locked up , hope the casualties are going to be ok i feel for the family's .
australia media will write this off as a lone , deranged man who lost it , not an act of terrorism as it is .
cnbc says 2 dead , 3 injured in sydney .
is exactly the reason why a guy with 50 sexual assault charges was out on the streets to begin with .#sydneysiege
: two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman . more to come .
so saddened by the whole thing . to kill innocent people is already awful , but right before christmas is ten times worse .
americans still using the to promote their obsession with guns ? wtf ?
iranian gunman holding hostages inside sydney cafe : a tense situation is unfolding in australi
australia media will write this off as a lone , deranged man who lost it , not an act of terrorism as it is .
if only smash , dr . fluke , mikerowave , and cal-pal were in sydney they could save the day
is exactly the reason why a guy with 50 sexual assault charges was out on the streets to begin with .#sydneysiege
better get those hands together . and hope no hostages were killed . the gunman however . you can excluse him from your prayer
so saddened by the whole thing . to kill innocent people is already awful , but right before christmas is ten times worse .
coming up at 17 gmt : police confirm is over after more than 16 hours . we'll have the latest on
iranian gunman holding hostages inside sydney cafe : a tense situation is unfolding in australi
v long 16 hrs for those brave souls . thank goodness for peaceful end . saluting you from the other side of the world .
if only smash , dr . fluke , mikerowave , and cal-pal were in sydney they could save the day
two dead in sydney , one believed to be the gunman . also being reported one person in critical condition .
better get those hands together . and hope no hostages were killed . the gunman however . you can excluse him from your prayer
might be the most significant social media movement of 2014 . simple but so powerful .
coming up at 17 gmt : police confirm is over after more than 16 hours . we'll have the latest on
it's heart breaking that someone can do that to innocent people
v long 16 hrs for those brave souls . thank goodness for peaceful end . saluting you from the other side of the world .
its over . few details so far .
two dead in sydney , one believed to be the gunman . also being reported one person in critical condition .
im glad that the hostage situation in australia is over people can now breathe easily now over there in sydney
might be the most significant social media movement of 2014 . simple but so powerful .
no no , confirmed two people are dead , that's for sure , not sure whether one of them was the gunman or not
it's heart breaking that someone can do that to innocent people
at 15 minute mark my talk with last night on ct capabilities
its over . few details so far .
confirming someone else's unconfirmed reports doesn't make it confirmed
im glad that the hostage situation in australia is over people can now breathe easily now over there in sydney
im so mad at you !! so much trauma has happened in sydney yous dont even care ! wtf
no no , confirmed two people are dead , that's for sure , not sure whether one of them was the gunman or not
we muslims are also victim of this same thing which you witnessed , its time to stand with us not hate us
at 15 minute mark my talk with last night on ct capabilities
people all misty-eyed over empty hashtag could have the decency to think of the victims who will .
confirming someone else's unconfirmed reports doesn't make it confirmed
the hostage taker of is killed . may be coz he had 40 sexual assault cases n a conviction too , he wanted to die dramatically !
im so mad at you !! so much trauma has happened in sydney yous dont even care ! wtf
i wonder how long that man in sydney will remain there . knowing australia he'll be kicked back to iran in no time . no bs with the aussies .
we muslims are also victim of this same thing which you witnessed , its time to stand with us not hate us
sydney wakes up to a new city today . our thoughts and prayers are with those that were affected . goodnight .
people all misty-eyed over empty hashtag could have the decency to think of the victims who will .
is over . now everyone , go to your work . tweet about kejriwal , ashutosh , diggi , kaviraj , krk n others . they r our heroes .
the hostage taker of is killed . may be coz he had 40 sexual assault cases n a conviction too , he wanted to die dramatically !
martin place lindt cafe siege : muslim leaders brace for backlash
i wonder how long that man in sydney will remain there . knowing australia he'll be kicked back to iran in no time . no bs with the aussies .
sydney siege : heavily armed police storm lindt cafe in martin place via
sydney wakes up to a new city today . our thoughts and prayers are with those that were affected . goodnight .
doing something in the name of a religion doesn't justify your actions as a human being . shame on you .
is over . now everyone , go to your work . tweet about kejriwal , ashutosh , diggi , kaviraj , krk n others . they r our heroes .
imagine being in the shoes of those hostages /police officers in sydney madness !!!
martin place lindt cafe siege : muslim leaders brace for backlash
good news is siege is over . bad news is one innocent has lost his /her life along with that moron gunman
sydney siege : heavily armed police storm lindt cafe in martin place via
looks like has come to an end tragically . with unconfirmed reports of 2 dead , including the perpetrator .horrific situation . :(
doing something in the name of a religion doesn't justify your actions as a human being . shame on you .
joe's crime blog /human right's site : police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages
imagine being in the shoes of those hostages /police officers in sydney madness !!!
how the fuck does such an animal get bail ??? . should have been locked up !
good news is siege is over . bad news is one innocent has lost his /her life along with that moron gunman
well , at least that handful of racists in sydney can disperse now . .
looks like has come to an end tragically . with unconfirmed reports of 2 dead , including the perpetrator .horrific situation . :(
thoughts and prayers with everyone caught up in the . humanity always wins in the end
joe's crime blog /human right's site : police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages
2 people have been confirmed dead by policeone of them is the gunman , man monis
how the fuck does such an animal get bail ??? . should have been locked up !
is a testimony of faith that has been misappropriated by misguided individuals . . i strongly condemn !
well , at least that handful of racists in sydney can disperse now . .
gunman killed and at least 1 hostage killed . rip the hostage that was killed . well done to the police special forces
thoughts and prayers with everyone caught up in the . humanity always wins in the end
v impressed , . : hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after cafe siege
2 people have been confirmed dead by policeone of them is the gunman , man monis
sydney : hostage situation in cafe , in sydney , australia . 2 reported shot dead , 3 wounded
is a testimony of faith that has been misappropriated by misguided individuals . . i strongly condemn !
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over - businessweek
v impressed , . : hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after cafe siege
gmab ! warns could happen in ? itdid : 9 /11, 1993, more
sydney : hostage situation in cafe , in sydney , australia . 2 reported shot dead , 3 wounded
two dead one possibly gunman
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over - businessweek
dhs insider : sydney to be the game changer : the war has officially reached oceania . the cancer of isis
rip to the hostage who died in the incident ..
sydney seige ended - 2 dead gunman and 1 innocent person dead after being shot by iranian sheik refugee gunman in wild day in sydney
gmab ! warns could happen in ? itdid : 9 /11, 1993, more
i must say , abc's coverage of the has been extremely level-headed and professional .
two dead one possibly gunman
indonesian foreign ministry issues statement on but accessing it requires a password ??
dhs insider : sydney to be the game changer : the war has officially reached oceania . the cancer of isis
could have been avoided with proper intelligence !!
sydney seige ended - 2 dead gunman and 1 innocent person dead after being shot by iranian sheik refugee gunman in wild day in sydney
my heart goes out to the hostages and families affected by the . proud that we stand in strong , honourable peace
i must say , abc's coverage of the has been extremely level-headed and professional .
the gunman had originally said he had explosives - his backpack being searched now
indonesian foreign ministry issues statement on but accessing it requires a password ??
stop fighting on d name of god or allah .becoz d way of god is peacefulnt bloodlust ..god bless aus
could have been avoided with proper intelligence !!
2 dead , possibly including gunman ; 3 other people injured and in serious condition after
my heart goes out to the hostages and families affected by the . proud that we stand in strong , honourable peace
my prayers go out to everyone affected by the :(( x
the gunman had originally said he had explosives - his backpack being searched now
muslim cleric ' because 'murderous muslim terrorist ' is so trite and boring
stop fighting on d name of god or allah .becoz d way of god is peacefulnt bloodlust ..god bless aus
to the families of fallen injured , i send deepest condolences . to our police defence forces i send my gratitude
my prayers go out to everyone affected by the :(( x
hi lisa ,i'm lindsay from cbc news in canada .wondering if u are avail for live tv invu re sydney standoff ? lindsay .tsuj
muslim cleric ' because 'murderous muslim terrorist ' is so trite and boring
disappointed the gunman is dead , he deserves such a worse fucking fate .
to the families of fallen injured , i send deepest condolences . to our police defence forces i send my gratitude
is such a powerful response to what has unfolded in the last 16 hours , good job australia .
breaking two dead including gunman in sydney dramatic shootout with police . reports irainian gunman started shooting hostages
the suspect , 49 -year-old man haron monis , was on bail facing a number of charges ,
hi lisa ,i'm lindsay from cbc news in canada .wondering if u are avail for live tv invu re sydney standoff ? lindsay .tsuj
rumours have it something going down in sydney on new years i'm staying away so sad :/ 2 confirmed dead
disappointed the gunman is dead , he deserves such a worse fucking fate .
uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during the hostage situation via
is such a powerful response to what has unfolded in the last 16 hours , good job australia .
u all mad about the boys not tweeting about the sydney siege but you all gotta ctfd
the suspect , 49 -year-old man haron monis , was on bail facing a number of charges ,
sydney siege : hostages flee cafe , cops move in : gunfire erupts as police storm a chocolate shop in sydney , australia , where a self-pr
rumours have it something going down in sydney on new years i'm staying away so sad :/ 2 confirmed dead
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a chocolate shop where a self-professed
u all mad about the boys not tweeting about the sydney siege but you all gotta ctfd
this man was not a terrorist . he was a criminal using religion as an excuse .
sydney siege : hostages flee cafe , cops move in : gunfire erupts as police storm a chocolate shop in sydney , australia , where a self-pr
sydney siege live : video shows the moment heavily armed police officers enter building : shocking video (indp)
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a chocolate shop where a self-professed
gunman is possibly part of the deceased or seriously injured
this man was not a terrorist . he was a criminal using religion as an excuse .
very sad end to the . but the police did their best to keep it peaceful . so so sad
sydney siege live : video shows the moment heavily armed police officers enter building : shocking video (indp)
seven news reporting : : two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman .more to come .
gunman is possibly part of the deceased or seriously injured
the sydney hostage situation : what you need to know via
great job done by the sydney police in this event , kudo's to all involved
praying for the injured of lindt cafe , and thankful that the siege is over . god bless sydney .
very sad end to the . but the police did their best to keep it peaceful . so so sad
how do you spell bungled .surely media is complicit .the gunman watched it all on tv as he nibbled on hot chocolate
seven news reporting : : two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman .more to come .
fox 32 news : new details : number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear
praying for the injured of lindt cafe , and thankful that the siege is over . god bless sydney .
please put this at the on so will hear about the .
how do you spell bungled .surely media is complicit .the gunman watched it all on tv as he nibbled on hot chocolate
glad to see end , hope there isn't many fatalities . why was this guy on bail ?
fox 32 news : new details : number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear
it's sad the became a ego-stroke for some . focus should have stayed on the hostages , not made about islamophobia .
i hope he has been shot dead it is a decrease and a horrible for all those who have done nothing wrong pray for them hostages
video shows final moments of sydney cafe siege -
please put this at the on so will hear about the .
dead hostage taker in sydney - via
glad to see end , hope there isn't many fatalities . why was this guy on bail ?
abc 7 chicago : five people are dead after multiple shootings in pennsylvania . the gunman is on the loose .
it's sad the became a ego-stroke for some . focus should have stayed on the hostages , not made about islamophobia .
sydney siege : hostages flee cafe , cops move in : gunfire erupts as police storm a chocolate shop in s
video shows final moments of sydney cafe siege -
breaking : sky news is reporting the gunman is one of two people dead as the siege ends dramatically
dead hostage taker in sydney - via
back on cnn at 12 :10 est re sydney hostage siege
abc 7 chicago : five people are dead after multiple shootings in pennsylvania . the gunman is on the loose .
over may those unfortunately souls departed in this cowardly act rest in peace .
sydney siege : hostages flee cafe , cops move in : gunfire erupts as police storm a chocolate shop in s
police have stormed the lindt chocolate cafe , two reportedly dead including man moris .
breaking : sky news is reporting the gunman is one of two people dead as the siege ends dramatically
we should all take a moment to thank the men and women who have worked so hard on the . from officers to medics - thank you .
back on cnn at 12 :10 est re sydney hostage siege
from the president whose first tweet 9 /11/12 was a link to donate $ to his campaign , do you really expect a comment on sydney ?
over may those unfortunately souls departed in this cowardly act rest in peace .
sending love to the family and friends of the hostage that lost their life :'(
police have stormed the lindt chocolate cafe , two reportedly dead including man moris .
over .2 killed 3 injured according to reports .why was a psychopath like haron monis allowed out on bail knowing his background
we should all take a moment to thank the men and women who have worked so hard on the . from officers to medics - thank you .
freedom or anarchy ,campaign of conscience : dhs insider : sydney to be the game changer
from the president whose first tweet 9 /11/12 was a link to donate $ to his campaign , do you really expect a comment on sydney ?
glad to hear the is over , but at the same time devastated to see hostages injured and distraught . praying for their recoveries .
sending love to the family and friends of the hostage that lost their life :'(
seven news believes that the gunman is among the dead
over .2 killed 3 injured according to reports .why was a psychopath like haron monis allowed out on bail knowing his background
if you give this gunman any media notice or any notice in general i am disgusted . he doesn't deserve it
freedom or anarchy ,campaign of conscience : dhs insider : sydney to be the game changer
2 ppl had died and 2 ppl are injured in sydney terrorist attack did you see !!#r.i.p
glad to hear the is over , but at the same time devastated to see hostages injured and distraught . praying for their recoveries .
sydney's finance district siege , on keep wiki free boss as profits soar
seven news believes that the gunman is among the dead
sydney media reporting one of the hostages has died during lyndt cafe standoff .
if you give this gunman any media notice or any notice in general i am disgusted . he doesn't deserve it
i'm feeling shocked ,stunned numb . don't think i'll be getting any sleep tonite , i'm sure many other aussies feel the same :(
2 ppl had died and 2 ppl are injured in sydney terrorist attack did you see !!#r.i.p
, hope this never happen again and every one is safe now .
sydney's finance district siege , on keep wiki free boss as profits soar
i'm muslim and i even don't know what happened with sydney but why always us ?why always muslim ? :)
sydney media reporting one of the hostages has died during lyndt cafe standoff .
aren't 5 sos from sydney and they haven't said anythingexcept promote there album .. interesting
i'm feeling shocked ,stunned numb . don't think i'll be getting any sleep tonite , i'm sure many other aussies feel the same :(
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee who was held hostage along w
, hope this never happen again and every one is safe now .
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee who w
i'm muslim and i even don't know what happened with sydney but why always us ?why always muslim ? :)
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe
aren't 5 sos from sydney and they haven't said anythingexcept promote there album .. interesting
x must be called x until x is known .#media must not name x w /o investigation .#illridewithyou
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee who was held hostage along w
police confirm its over after more than 16 hours
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee who w
video : several hostages seen fleeing scene before police stormed the cafe
x must be called x until x is known .#media must not name x w /o investigation .#illridewithyou
reporting two were killed in the . one of the two believed to be the gunman .
police confirm its over after more than 16 hours
i cant believe what im seeing . this kind of thing just doesn't happen here . the worst thing that can hurt us a goddamned spider
video : several hostages seen fleeing scene before police stormed the cafe
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee [sale ]
reporting two were killed in the . one of the two believed to be the gunman .
the is over ! my thoughtsprayers are with the victims , their families , and the city of sydney , australia .
i cant believe what im seeing . this kind of thing just doesn't happen here . the worst thing that can hurt us a goddamned spider
apparently one of the two people dead is the gunman
sydney cafe siege : gunfire breaks out after hostages flee [sale ]
two indian nationals who were held hostage in sydney cafe are safe , says government
that iranian refugee keeping all those hostages in sydney makes me sick
praying for sydney for hostages . hope they all will be fine .
the is over ! my thoughtsprayers are with the victims , their families , and the city of sydney , australia .
sydney hostage taker among two people killed after cafe siege ends in gunfire : sky news
apparently one of the two people dead is the gunman
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm
praying for sydney for hostages . hope they all will be fine .
so two confirmed dead . one of whom was the gunman .
sydney hostage taker among two people killed after cafe siege ends in gunfire : sky news
leaders must be happy now . even if the guy was a wacko
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm
: 2 dead , 3 injured in sydney hostage crisis , reports say :
so two confirmed dead . one of whom was the gunman .
your sister is called sydney and so is mine !!
leaders must be happy now . even if the guy was a wacko
captain , sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe
: 2 dead , 3 injured in sydney hostage crisis , reports say :
..have friends and family in australia , some around sydney so hope that they like the rest of the population are ok .
what happened in sydney is disgusting , scary things like that can happen to a group of innocent people just going about their daily lives ..
when all channels were discussing the sydney siege on was discussing hindutva with assad owaisi ms aiyer as main batsmen !
your sister is called sydney and so is mine !!
i didn't know anything about sydney , i need to start watching the news more
captain , sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe
they said at least one death and it might been the gunman . such hatred and fanaticism which leads to this -- just awful .
..have friends and family in australia , some around sydney so hope that they like the rest of the population are ok .
after 9 /11 usa understood that terror has a religion but after tons of attack india have not understood .
when all channels were discussing the sydney siege on was discussing hindutva with assad owaisi ms aiyer as main batsmen !
police storm sydney cafe , ending standoff . more to come
i didn't know anything about sydney , i need to start watching the news more
looks like a sleepless night tonight . worrying about those at despite it all being 'over'. lots of thoughts and prayers .
they said at least one death and it might been the gunman . such hatred and fanaticism which leads to this -- just awful .
downing street is investigating reports that the sydney siege gunman may have been in contact with a previous prime minister .
after 9 /11 usa understood that terror has a religion but after tons of attack india have not understood .
i can't even explain how sad i am about the . i love my country , i am so sorry for those hostages . you poor things .
police storm sydney cafe , ending standoff . more to come
2 confirmed deaths now , one of them is the gunman
looks like a sleepless night tonight . worrying about those at despite it all being 'over'. lots of thoughts and prayers .
wait i kinda know but what's happening in sydney ?
downing street is investigating reports that the sydney siege gunman may have been in contact with a previous prime minister .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the heart of
i can't even explain how sad i am about the . i love my country , i am so sorry for those hostages . you poor things .
according to live 7 news there could be as many as 5 seriously injured hostages
2 confirmed deaths now , one of them is the gunman
australian terrorist has been killed . now can declare that he was an aap sympathiser / member .
wait i kinda know but what's happening in sydney ?
l'offre et la demande uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during the hostage situation via
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the heart of
we are thinking of our alumni and friends in today
according to live 7 news there could be as many as 5 seriously injured hostages
the bbc says royal australian regiment commandos ended the sydney siege . what happened to the australian sas ?
australian terrorist has been killed . now can declare that he was an aap sympathiser / member .
and report two deaths in sydney hostage siege . not officially confirmed . other reports say some police injured .
l'offre et la demande uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during the hostage situation via
its wonderful when world comes together to support and love
we are thinking of our alumni and friends in today
isbpl : infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys e
the bbc says royal australian regiment commandos ended the sydney siege . what happened to the australian sas ?
isbpl : police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in
and report two deaths in sydney hostage siege . not officially confirmed . other reports say some police injured .
sydney siege : police storm lindt cafe where hostages were being held : a flurry of lou
its wonderful when world comes together to support and love
that's correct , one of the 2 is apparently the gunman though , what i've heard on australian tv
isbpl : infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys e
: if jew does it , called zionist crime . if hindu does it , called hindu terror . if muslim does it , called unknown hostage crisis
isbpl : police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in
it's been confirmed the gunman is dead
sydney siege : police storm lindt cafe where hostages were being held : a flurry of lou
two people have died and one of them is the gunman and another is a hostage
that's correct , one of the 2 is apparently the gunman though , what i've heard on australian tv
props to the locals in sydney for handling their business , and shutting this terrorist down .
: if jew does it , called zionist crime . if hindu does it , called hindu terror . if muslim does it , called unknown hostage crisis
so worried for the hostages in sydney (which is good ) but when it comes to our own most don't give a shit . why maldives , why ?
two people have died and one of them is the gunman and another is a hostage
this is in the context of war , muslims are not at war with those who don't follow islam
props to the locals in sydney for handling their business , and shutting this terrorist down .
sydney siege : police storm lindt cafe where hostages were being held - firstpost
so worried for the hostages in sydney (which is good ) but when it comes to our own most don't give a shit . why maldives , why ?
can't imagine how terrifying it must be to be one of the hostages , may god be with them .
this is in the context of war , muslims are not at war with those who don't follow islam
how the fuck was that gunman walking the streets ?
sydney siege : police storm lindt cafe where hostages were being held - firstpost
its nearly 3 :30am and i need to sleep so goodnight , i hope everything in sydney gets better and everyone stays safe
can't imagine how terrifying it must be to be one of the hostages , may god be with them .
relieved to see over ; hope reports of 2 dead are incorrect
some guy is keeping hostages at gun point at this cafe in sydney .
nobody reports of the hostagetaker being dead though . not officially .#sydneysiege
how the fuck was that gunman walking the streets ?
sydney siege over . hostages held for nearly 17 hours . it is believed two people are dead , with others suffering
its nearly 3 :30am and i need to sleep so goodnight , i hope everything in sydney gets better and everyone stays safe
reporting that reported two deaths in sydney hostage crisis . abc says it did no such thing . nailed it again cnn .
relieved to see over ; hope reports of 2 dead are incorrect
// gunman free on bail .send the muslim to siria
nobody reports of the hostagetaker being dead though . not officially .#sydneysiege
monis dead , according to nine news . thank god .
sydney siege over . hostages held for nearly 17 hours . it is believed two people are dead , with others suffering
paul murray saying the death of hostage prompted the storming of the cafe .
reporting that reported two deaths in sydney hostage crisis . abc says it did no such thing . nailed it again cnn .
sydney siege is over . praying that all involved are safe .
// gunman free on bail .send the muslim to siria
kudos 2 individuals that take up fight against ignorance bigotry +supports+muslims+amid+sydney+siege
monis dead , according to nine news . thank god .
judge not by how it failed in sydney , but by how quickly it recovered got back on track
paul murray saying the death of hostage prompted the storming of the cafe .
we just got confirmation of 2 deaths :( it's live in australia , one is believed to be the gunman .
sydney siege is over . praying that all involved are safe .
the fact that the gunman may never have to have the consequences of his actions really bothers me
kudos 2 individuals that take up fight against ignorance bigotry +supports+muslims+amid+sydney+siege
commandos storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an iranian refugee who took dozens of hostages .
judge not by how it failed in sydney , but by how quickly it recovered got back on track
there's a time and a place for a selfie . outside a hostage situation is not either . have some respect people .
we just got confirmation of 2 deaths :( it's live in australia , one is believed to be the gunman .
who gives a fuck right now ? they haven't tweeted about the siege in sydney (their home fucking town ) yet they can promote ???
the fact that the gunman may never have to have the consequences of his actions really bothers me
the hostage taker had a pretty long /serious rap sheet . so why was he not deported ?
commandos storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an iranian refugee who took dozens of hostages .
two killed in . one believed to be gunman , man monis .
there's a time and a place for a selfie . outside a hostage situation is not either . have some respect people .
sydney hostage taker reported to be self-styled 'sheikh' serial rapist man haron monis . how was he not in jail ?
who gives a fuck right now ? they haven't tweeted about the siege in sydney (their home fucking town ) yet they can promote ???
the is just a distraction made up by obama to keep you from noticing the ufo crash landing in the ukraine
the hostage taker had a pretty long /serious rap sheet . so why was he not deported ?
please remind everyone who believe the statement from the sydney head imam condemning the
two killed in . one believed to be gunman , man monis .
amazingaustralians use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during sydney siege via
sydney hostage taker reported to be self-styled 'sheikh' serial rapist man haron monis . how was he not in jail ?
both social backlashing against muslims and copycat attacks seem real and dangerous threats to australian society s
the is just a distraction made up by obama to keep you from noticing the ufo crash landing in the ukraine
hope that bastard is torn to pieces by the soldiers
please remind everyone who believe the statement from the sydney head imam condemning the
sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone affected in the . awful situation .
amazingaustralians use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during sydney siege via
odd criteria for global stories . two dead in sydney , blanket coverage ; five shot dead in pennsylvania , almost none
both social backlashing against muslims and copycat attacks seem real and dangerous threats to australian society s
such a dark day for sydney and australia as a whole . i didn't know who the hostage was but my heart goes out to their family . i'm so upset
hope that bastard is torn to pieces by the soldiers
thinking of our friends and family in australia in these difficult times .#sydneysiege
sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone affected in the . awful situation .
2 people have been killed from sydney terrorist attack including the gunman
odd criteria for global stories . two dead in sydney , blanket coverage ; five shot dead in pennsylvania , almost none
gunman monis and one hostage were believed dead in ---
such a dark day for sydney and australia as a whole . i didn't know who the hostage was but my heart goes out to their family . i'm so upset
re : sydney fail - is an eg of a co moving fast and breaking things . will that hurt it in the long run ? probably will actually help
thinking of our friends and family in australia in these difficult times .#sydneysiege
sydney siege : 'i fight to promote peace ' - cafe gunman penned in letter against terrorism
2 people have been killed from sydney terrorist attack including the gunman
watching the sydney siege live was one of the most shocking things i've ever seen .
gunman monis and one hostage were believed dead in ---
the lady on just said that sydney is the capital of australia .
re : sydney fail - is an eg of a co moving fast and breaking things . will that hurt it in the long run ? probably will actually help
gone 3 am here , woke up and hoped for any good news thank god it's over but reports of two deaths :(
sydney siege : 'i fight to promote peace ' - cafe gunman penned in letter against terrorism
jabhat al-nusra another us funded extremist group
watching the sydney siege live was one of the most shocking things i've ever seen .
call centre jobs in australia , can be viewed here applications welcome .
the lady on just said that sydney is the capital of australia .
if the gunman is dead i wouldn't be celebrating
gone 3 am here , woke up and hoped for any good news thank god it's over but reports of two deaths :(
sydney siege live : after 16 hours hostage situation over , 2 may be dead - firstpost
jabhat al-nusra another us funded extremist group
we hope all our australian followers are safe after the .
call centre jobs in australia , can be viewed here applications welcome .
sydney hostage drama : what we know about siege via
sydney siege live : after 16 hours hostage situation over , 2 may be dead - firstpost
it was scary . it was horrific . it may have ended tragically . but it was not terrorism . just a nut with a gun , no affiliation .
we hope all our australian followers are safe after the .
sydneysiders have restored faith in humanity today with the hashtagtrend . thumbs up to everybody embracing it
sydney hostage drama : what we know about siege via
mea : 2 indians among | both safely released
minor shrapnel wound to policeman's head in sydney siege now over after 17 hours with gunman dead , hostage dead , four seriously injured .
news 9 au just reporting 2 dead includes the gunman
it was scary . it was horrific . it may have ended tragically . but it was not terrorism . just a nut with a gun , no affiliation .
your kindness is noticed by many . prayers to sydney and now belgium as well .
sydneysiders have restored faith in humanity today with the hashtagtrend . thumbs up to everybody embracing it
i really hope every victim in the comes out ok , i mean mentally most have escaped
mea : 2 indians among | both safely released
what a terrifying 24 hours . thoughts and prayers are with sydney hoping it's now over
news 9 au just reporting 2 dead includes the gunman
that escalated so unexpectedly . two hostages dead and three more in critical condition .
your kindness is noticed by many . prayers to sydney and now belgium as well .
an innocent life was lost this morning , my prayers go out their family and friends . they were so so brave
i really hope every victim in the comes out ok , i mean mentally most have escaped
don't get up in 5 sos's business for not tweeting about sydney it's quite close to them so why do they have to put it all over social media
what a terrifying 24 hours . thoughts and prayers are with sydney hoping it's now over
i can see you are blind to logic and manifestly hypocritical . apologist for sadhu modi of .
that escalated so unexpectedly . two hostages dead and three more in critical condition .
what a fucking cunt the gunman sent hate letters to the familys of dead soldiers
an innocent life was lost this morning , my prayers go out their family and friends . they were so so brave
when this terrorist in sydney demanded an isis flag , they should have given him one with the gay pride colours .
don't get up in 5 sos's business for not tweeting about sydney it's quite close to them so why do they have to put it all over social media
breaking news : sydney hostage situation over : hostage taker and one hostage are dead
i can see you are blind to logic and manifestly hypocritical . apologist for sadhu modi of .
its about fucking timeno snipers in sydney ?
what a fucking cunt the gunman sent hate letters to the familys of dead soldiers
sydney swat idiots are lucky theyre not dead , inncorrect stack upon entry , untrained monkies , embarrassing footage
when this terrorist in sydney demanded an isis flag , they should have given him one with the gay pride colours .
listening to live coverage of the aftermath of the hostage situation in sydney . heartbreaking that a hostage possibly dead . sending thoughts
breaking news : sydney hostage situation over : hostage taker and one hostage are dead
is a false flag ,staged event 2 get us to accept the nwowake up ppleducated yourself
its about fucking timeno snipers in sydney ?
icymi : hostage situation in sydney australia has come to an end .
sydney swat idiots are lucky theyre not dead , inncorrect stack upon entry , untrained monkies , embarrassing footage
siege gunman identified as man haron
listening to live coverage of the aftermath of the hostage situation in sydney . heartbreaking that a hostage possibly dead . sending thoughts
another well dramtized and poorly orchestrated show .. what was the need to kill innocent people ? rip politics
is a false flag ,staged event 2 get us to accept the nwowake up ppleducated yourself
this should be your main contention when you debate obama's immigration action
icymi : hostage situation in sydney australia has come to an end .
how did this guy get out on bail ??
siege gunman identified as man haron
the other confirmed death was the gunman . good . i hope he burns in hell for what hes done .
another well dramtized and poorly orchestrated show .. what was the need to kill innocent people ? rip politics
how terrible of a human being are you for taking a selfie in front of hostage situation ?
this should be your main contention when you debate obama's immigration action
watch dramatic video of hostages escaping
how did this guy get out on bail ??
heavily armed police storm lindt cafe to end siege via
how terrible of a human being are you for taking a selfie in front of hostage situation ?
hands praying for sydney before i go to sleep . i hope things will get better :(
watch dramatic video of hostages escaping
the dear leader will refer to the as workplace violence .
heavily armed police storm lindt cafe to end siege via
glad to see the is over never been so proud to be australian only australia can turn this to a positive
hands praying for sydney before i go to sleep . i hope things will get better :(
jubilee should know that security bill will not change the situation if the system is the same !!!! learn from sydney siege !!
the dear leader will refer to the as workplace violence .
my thoughts are with everyone that was affected by the sydney siege
glad to see the is over never been so proud to be australian only australia can turn this to a positive
it's believed there are a number of others injured
man monis the gunman and a piece of shit what a piece of scum he was
the hostage situation in sydney is horrible , thoughts with those affected .
jubilee should know that security bill will not change the situation if the system is the same !!!! learn from sydney siege !!
what goes around comes around . the gunman learnt that the hard way
the hostage situation in sydney is horrible , thoughts with those affected .
how could people say islam is responsible for this !?
what goes around comes around . the gunman learnt that the hard way
looking at the rest of my twitter feed seems insignificant at the moment , the posts are almost rudimentary in the shadow of
video of the moment police stormed the martin place , sydney , cafe and ended .
rip to the poor hostage :( thoughts and prayers to their family and friends
2 people dead one believed to be the gunman
man haron monis's facebook page is shut down . his alleged twitter account is still up :
how could people say islam is responsible for this !?
has anyone seem the brave woman in blue emerge from the ?
looking at the rest of my twitter feed seems insignificant at the moment , the posts are almost rudimentary in the shadow of
watching come to an end was really emosh , cannot imagine what those people went through .
rip to the poor hostage :( thoughts and prayers to their family and friends
well at least the sydney shitshow is over . :(
man haron monis's facebook page is shut down . his alleged twitter account is still up :
a special shoutout goes to for her outstanding coverage of the for us at great job mona !
has anyone seem the brave woman in blue emerge from the ?
the gunman has a thick accent , what happened to the non-evident accent by the witness earlier .
watching come to an end was really emosh , cannot imagine what those people went through .
live : several hostages held inside lindt cafe in sydney , islamic flag put up on window - see mo
well at least the sydney shitshow is over . :(
its confirmed - two people dead including the gunman
a special shoutout goes to for her outstanding coverage of the for us at great job mona !
i read that initiated surge pricing during the hostage crisis . wth ? what is wrong with them ? when will it stop ?
the gunman has a thick accent , what happened to the non-evident accent by the witness earlier .
i find find it amazing , and hard to stomach , that the scumbag whom has held , numerous people in sydney , has a
live : several hostages held inside lindt cafe in sydney , islamic flag put up on window - see mo
spent a tough night gathering updates on the hostage situation in his hometown of sydney .
its confirmed - two people dead including the gunman
a sad day in australian history . innocence lost . let's hope it stops here .
i read that initiated surge pricing during the hostage crisis . wth ? what is wrong with them ? when will it stop ?
thoughts and prayers for those who affected .
i find find it amazing , and hard to stomach , that the scumbag whom has held , numerous people in sydney , has a
i wish the world were really like this thai mobile phone ad
spent a tough night gathering updates on the hostage situation in his hometown of sydney .
developing : australian police : sydney cafe siege over
a sad day in australian history . innocence lost . let's hope it stops here .
how do you like your gun laws now . would have been nice to defend yourself . oops !!
thoughts and prayers for those who affected .
i know it's ignorant to say but it's so obvious .. his mental health is the issue . but if he was black i'm just saying
i wish the world were really like this thai mobile phone ad
what a horrible tragedy , my heart goes out to all those affected by this senseless act of violence .
developing : australian police : sydney cafe siege over
is finally over ! my thoughts and prayers are with all directly affected and their family !
how do you like your gun laws now . would have been nice to defend yourself . oops !!
from a muslim , ty sweet people , let's spread peace against hate :)#illridewithyou
i know it's ignorant to say but it's so obvious .. his mental health is the issue . but if he was black i'm just saying
hope they've shot this idiot right between the eyes
what a horrible tragedy , my heart goes out to all those affected by this senseless act of violence .
wow it's going off in sydney
is finally over ! my thoughts and prayers are with all directly affected and their family !
sydney guy has sexual assault rep . figures ?
from a muslim , ty sweet people , let's spread peace against hate :)#illridewithyou
2 people confirmed dead . that's at least one innocent person killed . so sad .
hope they've shot this idiot right between the eyes
gunman is dead , one witness dead . rip , to the innocent australian citizen who was trying to buy coffee at 9 :45am
wow it's going off in sydney
it's so sad what is going on in the world . thinking of my hometown and all the people wh have been effected by
sydney guy has sexual assault rep . figures ?
apparently the gunman is dead ? can we confirm
2 people confirmed dead . that's at least one innocent person killed . so sad .
confirmed : two people have been killed , one believed to be hostage-taker man monis .
gunman is dead , one witness dead . rip , to the innocent australian citizen who was trying to buy coffee at 9 :45am
chills all over fucking sonofabitch
it's so sad what is going on in the world . thinking of my hometown and all the people wh have been effected by
is over . two people dead . five seriously injured . fate of gunman unknown .
apparently the gunman is dead ? can we confirm
two ? yeh doosra bhi thha ?
confirmed : two people have been killed , one believed to be hostage-taker man monis .
lindt cafe gunman monis had a shotgun and a bag he claimed had explosives . he also claimed he had explosives around the city .
chills all over fucking sonofabitch
apparently not : 2 killed in =full time news ; 5 killed in = total silence .
is over . two people dead . five seriously injured . fate of gunman unknown .
either way it puts lives of innocent people in danger
two ? yeh doosra bhi thha ?
thinking of everyone in sydney . please stay safe .
lindt cafe gunman monis had a shotgun and a bag he claimed had explosives . he also claimed he had explosives around the city .
i would absolutely love to see a video of that firefight inside the cafe in sydney !!!
apparently not : 2 killed in =full time news ; 5 killed in = total silence .
i am sure the lindt cafe has surveillance cameras .why couldn't the police take feed from them ?why be in dark abt no .of hostages
either way it puts lives of innocent people in danger
reports : two dead in fiery end to siege via
thinking of everyone in sydney . please stay safe .
3 novices :infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee
i would absolutely love to see a video of that firefight inside the cafe in sydney !!!
rot in hell man haron monis . minos has your 72 virgins waiting .
i am sure the lindt cafe has surveillance cameras .why couldn't the police take feed from them ?why be in dark abt no .of hostages
video : islamic flag in sydney hostage siege analyzed via
reports : two dead in fiery end to siege via
not sure why everyone is making what happened /is happening in sydney about 5 sos ?
3 novices :infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee
so is one of the dead the gunman i .e he plus one hostage have died ?
rot in hell man haron monis . minos has your 72 virgins waiting .
what a terrible end , understandably that it was never going to end peacefully especially when monis was involved .
video : islamic flag in sydney hostage siege analyzed via
tragic end to a long day . why are the innocent always killed instead ?
not sure why everyone is making what happened /is happening in sydney about 5 sos ?
it was an anxious day i had family and friends stuck in just got in touch with them !!!!!!
so is one of the dead the gunman i .e he plus one hostage have died ?
looks like it's finally over
what a terrible end , understandably that it was never going to end peacefully especially when monis was involved .
exactly all they care about is their fame obviously bc theyre so focused on that live shit or whatever rather than sydney
tragic end to a long day . why are the innocent always killed instead ?
breaking news : dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe via
it was an anxious day i had family and friends stuck in just got in touch with them !!!!!!
something don't add up right with this whole sydney thing .
looks like it's finally over
ch 7 haven't said anything about the gunman but agree about the 2 deaths
exactly all they care about is their fame obviously bc theyre so focused on that live shit or whatever rather than sydney
did last group of fleeing hostages have information that led to hard entry at
breaking news : dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe via
very happy the sydney situation is over but why was this guy even out on the streets
ch 7 haven't said anything about the gunman but agree about the 2 deaths
in australia is trending ahead of , showing that in australia love fear
did last group of fleeing hostages have information that led to hard entry at
sydney hostage-taker revealed as muslim cleric , 'sexual healer ' with criminal past via
very happy the sydney situation is over but why was this guy even out on the streets
god bless both deceased and alive hostages who symbolise the bravery this country bestows
australia : u /d - 2 people dead including the suspect who held hostage at cafe in sydney for over 15 hours , 3 others in serious condition .
police say sydney hostage situation is over , but would not give any details about the gunman's fate or the captives .
in australia is trending ahead of , showing that in australia love fear
how does have more info than
sydney hostage-taker revealed as muslim cleric , 'sexual healer ' with criminal past via
criticism of terrorism in the name of islam is not a criticism of islam or muslims
god bless both deceased and alive hostages who symbolise the bravery this country bestows
i'm not a pray-er . i don't believe in god . but sometimes u just have to suck it up do it anyway . so relieved for everyone involved
police say sydney hostage situation is over , but would not give any details about the gunman's fate or the captives .
such a beautiful thing to see everyone sticking up for one another praying for you sydney
how does have more info than
sydney hostage crisis : police storm lindt chocolat cafe (video): sydney , australia -- a swarm of heavily
criticism of terrorism in the name of islam is not a criticism of islam or muslims
sydney hostage-taker identified as man accused of sexual assaults , linked to murder of ex-wife
i'm not a pray-er . i don't believe in god . but sometimes u just have to suck it up do it anyway . so relieved for everyone involved
that was wild watching the cops in sydney storm the cafe as it was happening !
such a beautiful thing to see everyone sticking up for one another praying for you sydney
sydney hostage crisis : police storm lindt chocolat cafe (video): sydney , australia -- a swarm of heavily armed
sydney hostage crisis : police storm lindt chocolat cafe (video): sydney , australia -- a swarm of heavily
not too sure some are saying 2 hostages and gunman and others are saying hostage and gunman
sydney hostage-taker identified as man accused of sexual assaults , linked to murder of ex-wife
: hostages leave cafe on stretchers as gunman 'killed by police ' via
that was wild watching the cops in sydney storm the cafe as it was happening !
i've walked by that lindt cafe a few weeks back . i know exactly where it is . you think , it could have easily been me .
sydney hostage crisis : police storm lindt chocolat cafe (video): sydney , australia -- a swarm of heavily armed
it's almost 3 :30am but i'm not sleeping until it's confirmed whether the gunman is dead or not
not too sure some are saying 2 hostages and gunman and others are saying hostage and gunman
lol we all love how much care you guys are showing about the sydney siege sooo good to see that you care .
: hostages leave cafe on stretchers as gunman 'killed by police ' via
tweets from news channels are stating that two people are dead , including the gunman .
i've walked by that lindt cafe a few weeks back . i know exactly where it is . you think , it could have easily been me .
do we know what happened to the gunman ? he didn't escape did he ?
it's almost 3 :30am but i'm not sleeping until it's confirmed whether the gunman is dead or not
just referenced those videos as possible insight into both gunman situation inside cafe .
lol we all love how much care you guys are showing about the sydney siege sooo good to see that you care .
apparently he was updating his facebook status while holding up the coffee shop lol .
tweets from news channels are stating that two people are dead , including the gunman .
please please please know that what's happening in sydney right now has nothing to do with isis or muslims , that is just media being racist
do we know what happened to the gunman ? he didn't escape did he ?
like even though this happened . australia still seems like the coolest place to live . can i come ?
just referenced those videos as possible insight into both gunman situation inside cafe .
breaking news : sky news confirm , sydney hostage taker among two people killed after cafe siege ends in gunfire :
apparently he was updating his facebook status while holding up the coffee shop lol .
another indian hostage shri pushpendu ghosh is also safe .#sydneysiege
please please please know that what's happening in sydney right now has nothing to do with isis or muslims , that is just media being racist
is over but looks like one hostage is dead and many more injured :(
like even though this happened . australia still seems like the coolest place to live . can i come ?
police storm sydney cafe , ending hostage crisis
another indian hostage shri pushpendu ghosh is also safe .#sydneysiege
two people have reportedly died in the - one is believed to be the gunman .
is over but looks like one hostage is dead and many more injured :(
the journalist who 1 st used , re : gunman , should boiled inhot chocolate !
meanwhile , and report that two people , including the gunman , were killed in the ; no confirmation yet .
the sydney siege is finally over as police stormed into the cafe after the sound of gunshot . the report says that
two people have reportedly died in the - one is believed to be the gunman .
another person on bail for serious offences good work mr hazard nsw bail laws are a joke
the journalist who 1 st used , re : gunman , should boiled inhot chocolate !
police done incredible job in thank god they don't have hostage negotiator like our nsa ajit doval ..
if there's any justice , this cynical cash grab during the sydney hostage crisis will cost an uber executive their job
stop showing the faces of the hostages escaping the cafe . you are exposing their most vulnerable moments to the world .
the sydney siege is finally over as police stormed into the cafe after the sound of gunshot . the report says that
fantastic ! sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims
another person on bail for serious offences good work mr hazard nsw bail laws are a joke
plenty of local folk in hull don't trust the muslim community around springbank and beverley roadthe scenes in sydney only enhance that
police done incredible job in thank god they don't have hostage negotiator like our nsa ajit doval ..
is there any official confirmation of a claim that two people been killed in ? some media reported so
stop showing the faces of the hostages escaping the cafe . you are exposing their most vulnerable moments to the world .
indoctrination suppressing free thought should be a crime because in cases like and others again again , it causes crimes .
fantastic ! sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims
both indian safe in good congratulations
plenty of local folk in hull don't trust the muslim community around springbank and beverley roadthe scenes in sydney only enhance that
hoe a 4 -year-old design'r lan'et a j .crew gig
is there any official confirmation of a claim that two people been killed in ? some media reported so
ny attorney general on eric garner case
indoctrination suppressing free thought should be a crime because in cases like and others again again , it causes crimes .
when the main killer is at 1 million a year in the usa .#sydneysiege
both indian safe in good congratulations
rip to the ones who lost their lives in and prayers for everyone involved and there families
hoe a 4 -year-old design'r lan'et a j .crew gig
sydney siege : police storm lindt cafe where hostages were being held
ny attorney general on eric garner case
man haron monis has criminal history
when the main killer is at 1 million a year in the usa .#sydneysiege
sydney siege : police say hostage situation in lindt cafe over
rip to the ones who lost their lives in and prayers for everyone involved and there families
wont forget and opportunists that soiled on the indian community so publicly showing no shame during this whole
man haron monis has criminal history
sydney siege over ! let's heal the wound .. detail is still sketchy but it is over ..
sydney siege : police say hostage situation in lindt cafe over
if i see one more tweet about 5 sos not tweeting about what's happened in sydney i'm going to go fucking crazy
wont forget and opportunists that soiled on the indian community so publicly showing no shame during this whole
looks like pm will conveniently have to upgrade some australian anti-terror laws . the public will no doubt beg for it .
more footage as armed police storm cafe . latest on sky news now
my thoughts go out to everyone in sydney . canadians understand what you are /have went through it will be a long road ahead .
sydney siege over ! let's heal the wound .. detail is still sketchy but it is over ..
no matter how hard you try to defend it now but the fact is that the damage has been done . so no need for apologists to clarify
if i see one more tweet about 5 sos not tweeting about what's happened in sydney i'm going to go fucking crazy
rip to the hostage killed in sydney overnight .
looks like pm will conveniently have to upgrade some australian anti-terror laws . the public will no doubt beg for it .
absolutely shocked that a man with a record like man monis ' could have been free ?! prayers for everyone involved
my thoughts go out to everyone in sydney . canadians understand what you are /have went through it will be a long road ahead .
police storm cafe in sydney . hostages now free . two people including gunman believed to be dead .
no matter how hard you try to defend it now but the fact is that the damage has been done . so no need for apologists to clarify
reports are breaking that the gunman has been allegedly killed .
rip to the hostage killed in sydney overnight .
i feel awful for the families affected by the this close to the holidays .
absolutely shocked that a man with a record like man monis ' could have been free ?! prayers for everyone involved
ends , terror visits australia and claims an innocent life !!
police storm cafe in sydney . hostages now free . two people including gunman believed to be dead .
the entire muslim community cannot be blamed for the acts of one person . be strong , it shall all pass .
reports are breaking that the gunman has been allegedly killed .
: hearts prayers for precious lives lost . displays poignant , resilient human spirit
i feel awful for the families affected by the this close to the holidays .
well , maybe its a good thing i wasn't able to go to australia this dterm with the hostage situation going on right now in sydney
ends , terror visits australia and claims an innocent life !!
uber hikes prices during sydney hostage crisis , then offers refunds - talk about self sabotage v /
the entire muslim community cannot be blamed for the acts of one person . be strong , it shall all pass .
going to sleep with the hostages in my thoughts . praying that i wake up to see no one is dead apart from the gunman
: hearts prayers for precious lives lost . displays poignant , resilient human spirit
omfg the sydney siege prayers w them tonight .
well , maybe its a good thing i wasn't able to go to australia this dterm with the hostage situation going on right now in sydney
police storm sydney cafe latest from crooks and liars
uber hikes prices during sydney hostage crisis , then offers refunds - talk about self sabotage v /
having just got back from sydney , when it's not raining /storming, it's so hot most sensible folk stay indoors in the air con .
going to sleep with the hostages in my thoughts . praying that i wake up to see no one is dead apart from the gunman
my deepest condolences to the hostage who fell victim to the , and to their family . may you rest in peace . 3
omfg the sydney siege prayers w them tonight .
detailed report : hostage taker among two people killed after ends in gunfire |
police storm sydney cafe latest from crooks and liars
this is horrible prayers and thoughts go to all the families of loved ones who now rest in peace
having just got back from sydney , when it's not raining /storming, it's so hot most sensible folk stay indoors in the air con .
gunman 'notorious for violence'wtf did the oz govt let him in ? jeeez , it's not complicated , he's a wanker .
my deepest condolences to the hostage who fell victim to the , and to their family . may you rest in peace . 3
the has put the heebiejeebies in arnab ..realisation is dawning on him finally i hope ..
detailed report : hostage taker among two people killed after ends in gunfire |
hope the hostage rumours arent true and there all ok .
this is horrible prayers and thoughts go to all the families of loved ones who now rest in peace
great that the is over , why anyone can think that causing terror like that is acceptable is just mental
gunman 'notorious for violence'wtf did the oz govt let him in ? jeeez , it's not complicated , he's a wanker .
i'm interested to see if the hostage taker was taken dead or alive . also , what casualties there are , hopefully none
the has put the heebiejeebies in arnab ..realisation is dawning on him finally i hope ..
all the coverage of the is fascinating . hope they all come out ok . what drives someone to do something like this ?!
hope the hostage rumours arent true and there all ok .
thinking of all those impacted by the , and other victims of gun violence ; other's lives are not ours to take
great that the is over , why anyone can think that causing terror like that is acceptable is just mental
in sydney crisis , the media acted as an extension of state policy not increasing the fear , panic and confusion in the public was obeying .
i'm interested to see if the hostage taker was taken dead or alive . also , what casualties there are , hopefully none
makes sense . in most cases ,the gunman commits suicide or is shot by the police .
all the coverage of the is fascinating . hope they all come out ok . what drives someone to do something like this ?!
2 comforted dead 1 is the gunman man monis may the dead hostage rip .
thinking of all those impacted by the , and other victims of gun violence ; other's lives are not ours to take
sydney hostage taker told obama to stop hiding his religion | frontpage magazine
in sydney crisis , the media acted as an extension of state policy not increasing the fear , panic and confusion in the public was obeying .
footage of the sydney siege is possibly the scariest thing i've ever seen !
makes sense . in most cases ,the gunman commits suicide or is shot by the police .
let's hope they slotted the nutjob : police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages |
sydney hostage taker told obama to stop hiding his religion | frontpage magazine
thoughts go out to all those affected by the . sounds like another awful situation where innocent lives have been taken .
footage of the sydney siege is possibly the scariest thing i've ever seen !
i've been watching live coverage of the for the entire day , hoping there will be a peaceful resolution but nope
the gunman /hostage taker has been killed so your safe xx
that video is hardcore . hope them sydneysiders can bounce back from this without being violent to a specific group of people
thoughts go out to all those affected by the . sounds like another awful situation where innocent lives have been taken .
the hostage crisis in sydney is over . vishwakant ankit reddy is safe : tweetsbtw ,what happened to 39 indian hostages ?
i've been watching live coverage of the for the entire day , hoping there will be a peaceful resolution but nope
the indian it professional , who was among the hostages in a sydney , australia cafe , came out safe and he is ok : father ishwar reddy . (pti)
video : the moment police stormed the lindt cafe in sydney :
it feel so good that humanity is still alive ! and sydney is proof ! let be human first ! dont judge people by a group you aussiee
that video is hardcore . hope them sydneysiders can bounce back from this without being violent to a specific group of people
gripped by the news coverage on really hope all hostages are safe . also hope the closet racists stay in the closet too .
the hostage crisis in sydney is over . vishwakant ankit reddy is safe : tweetsbtw ,what happened to 39 indian hostages ?
this gunman is possibly dead , he didn't suffer , he doesn't have to live with this .
the indian it professional , who was among the hostages in a sydney , australia cafe , came out safe and he is ok : father ishwar reddy . (pti)
fire department and bomb squad haev entered building to go through the terrorist's backpack which he said carried explosives
it feel so good that humanity is still alive ! and sydney is proof ! let be human first ! dont judge people by a group you aussiee
two people confirmed dead this morning in the sydney siege :(
gripped by the news coverage on really hope all hostages are safe . also hope the closet racists stay in the closet too .
2 people dead and 3 seriously injured . end of
this gunman is possibly dead , he didn't suffer , he doesn't have to live with this .
channel 9 now reporting that one hostage has been killed along with the gunman . heartbreaking news .
fire department and bomb squad haev entered building to go through the terrorist's backpack which he said carried explosives
sydney hostage dah setel . yeay !
two people confirmed dead this morning in the sydney siege :(
bloke shot dead in sydney was a muslim cleric ok , 'cleric' an islamic clergy man - don't deny he is islamic unless you outrank him ok ?
2 people dead and 3 seriously injured . end of
gunshots at sydney hostage scene two known dead . several wounded . fate of iranian gunman is unknown .
channel 9 now reporting that one hostage has been killed along with the gunman . heartbreaking news .
breaking news : the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition :
sydney hostage dah setel . yeay !
some peoples reactions to this event makes me sick ,making jokes relating to cod during a real life shoutout is disgusting .
bloke shot dead in sydney was a muslim cleric ok , 'cleric' an islamic clergy man - don't deny he is islamic unless you outrank him ok ?
what the fuck happened in sydney ?? i've been asleep 16 hours
gunshots at sydney hostage scene two known dead . several wounded . fate of iranian gunman is unknown .
is over but a big message for the world . our biggest challenge is not but terrorism . overrides
breaking news : the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition :
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over after more than 16 hours : police swooped by
some peoples reactions to this event makes me sick ,making jokes relating to cod during a real life shoutout is disgusting .
(stars and stripes ) police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : a swarm of heavily armed police
what the fuck happened in sydney ?? i've been asleep 16 hours
sydney siege : police storm cafe to rescue hostages | mashable : via
is over but a big message for the world . our biggest challenge is not but terrorism . overrides
he shd hav been caught torturted brutally in public .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over after more than 16 hours : police swooped by
gunman is dead , 1 hostage too and it's over . me too ily night night
(stars and stripes ) police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : a swarm of heavily armed police
really ? attempted murder , had gun , but shame on police ? i suppose you defend the sydney hostage taker a well . :/
sydney siege : police storm cafe to rescue hostages | mashable : via
i truly feel for the victims of the sydney hostage situation . my prayers are with the families who lost someone
he shd hav been caught torturted brutally in public .
just after 2 am , loud bang heard before 7 hostages fled building . police quickly stormed , opening fire and throwing bangers .
gunman is dead , 1 hostage too and it's over . me too ily night night
well done to all emergancy services involved in you have done australia proud !
really ? attempted murder , had gun , but shame on police ? i suppose you defend the sydney hostage taker a well . :/
the gunman is rumoured to be dead and one other hostage
i truly feel for the victims of the sydney hostage situation . my prayers are with the families who lost someone
woke up just in time to watch the cops storm out the cafe . amazing job . today is another day . hopefully not for the muppet
just after 2 am , loud bang heard before 7 hostages fled building . police quickly stormed , opening fire and throwing bangers .
respect for the police forces is especially realised at times like this . what a wonderful job they have done !
well done to all emergancy services involved in you have done australia proud !
meanwhile , and report that two people , including the gunman , were killed in the sydney siege ; no confirmation yet .
the gunman is rumoured to be dead and one other hostage
hostage held by armed men . after . sad .what has the world come to
woke up just in time to watch the cops storm out the cafe . amazing job . today is another day . hopefully not for the muppet
political correctness kills = sydney hostage-taker , rapist , murderer terrorist , should never have been in australia
respect for the police forces is especially realised at times like this . what a wonderful job they have done !
i cannot believe 2 innocent people died
meanwhile , and report that two people , including the gunman , were killed in the sydney siege ; no confirmation yet .
i'm afraid it didn't look like it ended well !!
hostage held by armed men . after . sad .what has the world come to
this is the gunman earlier today wearing a black vest . reports he had a backpack sports bag on him too
political correctness kills = sydney hostage-taker , rapist , murderer terrorist , should never have been in australia
the got him ! the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition : #
i cannot believe 2 innocent people died
two killed , more injured . long aftermath for hostages esp psychologically . great job by the boys in blue in their response .
i'm afraid it didn't look like it ended well !!
is over . deranged hostage-taker is iranian with quite a bizarre history
this is the gunman earlier today wearing a black vest . reports he had a backpack sports bag on him too
all over so dramatic to watch it all unfold on my tv
the got him ! the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition : #
the at is released . his name is ankireddy vishwanath
two killed , more injured . long aftermath for hostages esp psychologically . great job by the boys in blue in their response .
: hostage taker among 2 ppl killed in . 9 news
is over . deranged hostage-taker is iranian with quite a bizarre history
daaaamn . just watched the assault on the cafe .good shit / tag-e . that's some real textbook operating right there .#sydneysiege
all over so dramatic to watch it all unfold on my tv
very sad to hear about injuries in the final stage of the sydney seige . thoughts are with those who were hurt or survived through the seige
the at is released . his name is ankireddy vishwanath
developing : 5 dead in shootings across pennsylvania as gunman barricades self in home
: hostage taker among 2 ppl killed in . 9 news
allegedly one of the two people who died in the rescue operation in was the hostage-taker himself .#sidneysiege
daaaamn . just watched the assault on the cafe .good shit / tag-e . that's some real textbook operating right there .#sydneysiege
praying for those injured . i will not be visiting cafe and businesses that do not allow my conceal carry in the us .
very sad to hear about injuries in the final stage of the sydney seige . thoughts are with those who were hurt or survived through the seige
gunfire in sydney sounded like a scene from predator movie , why so many bullets ??!!!!
developing : 5 dead in shootings across pennsylvania as gunman barricades self in home
siege is over praying for yhe family of the hostage who died rip xx
allegedly one of the two people who died in the rescue operation in was the hostage-taker himself .#sidneysiege
australian police have stormed a cafe in sydney after a prolonged siege in which a gunman took a number of people hostage
praying for those injured . i will not be visiting cafe and businesses that do not allow my conceal carry in the us .
it's terrible , i'm up watching the news , it's something you'd never imagine in sydney terrible
gunfire in sydney sounded like a scene from predator movie , why so many bullets ??!!!!
hello can we call him a terrorist now ? don't call him gunman .. he was a bloody terrorist !
siege is over praying for yhe family of the hostage who died rip xx
tony abbott give australians back their guns . they are sitting ducks for islamists
australian police have stormed a cafe in sydney after a prolonged siege in which a gunman took a number of people hostage
not quite sure how to feel having just watched the sydney seige come to an end with a dramatic and violent
it's terrible , i'm up watching the news , it's something you'd never imagine in sydney terrible
you for doing such a good deed since you have done this for me i will tell you that you should stay clear from sydney's city
hello can we call him a terrorist now ? don't call him gunman .. he was a bloody terrorist !
prayers go out to sydney australia hope everyone is okay
tony abbott give australians back their guns . they are sitting ducks for islamists
in the us , we would now begin a period of self flagellation and investigations to see if the terrorists rights were violated .
you for doing such a good deed since you have done this for me i will tell you that you should stay clear from sydney's city
gunman known to police , was cleric on bail for accessory to ex-wife murder , facing more than 40 sexual , indecent assault charges
prayers go out to sydney australia hope everyone is okay
very sad situation but australia have dealt with it the best possible way .
in the us , we would now begin a period of self flagellation and investigations to see if the terrorists rights were violated .
wish the sydney standoff ended less tragically , but glad it is over sooner rather than later .
you been watching the on sky news ?
police storm cafe as sydney siege hostages flee (live updates ) via
gunman known to police , was cleric on bail for accessory to ex-wife murder , facing more than 40 sexual , indecent assault charges
9 news confifming two deceased in sydney seige . one of the two being the gunman man monis .
very sad situation but australia have dealt with it the best possible way .
footage from asstorm the lindt cafe end
wish the sydney standoff ended less tragically , but glad it is over sooner rather than later .
i feel sick seeing what's happening in sydney
police storm cafe as sydney siege hostages flee (live updates ) via
r .i.p to the dead hostage - stay strong everyone
9 news confifming two deceased in sydney seige . one of the two being the gunman man monis .
i cannot believe it's finally over !
footage from asstorm the lindt cafe end
it could have been a heart attack from the shock , the gunman that shot them or they could have been caught in the crossfire
i feel sick seeing what's happening in sydney
sydney gunmen departs to heaven (jannat), dance with 72 apsaras scheduled tomorrow , oh atheist terrorist u too had no religion
r .i.p to the dead hostage - stay strong everyone
via police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
i cannot believe it's finally over !
the contrast of comments on yik yak in sydney australia right now lol
it could have been a heart attack from the shock , the gunman that shot them or they could have been caught in the crossfire
is over . have been incredible . waiting to see if any casualties .
sydney gunmen departs to heaven (jannat), dance with 72 apsaras scheduled tomorrow , oh atheist terrorist u too had no religion
ok peeps , segment now at 1138 a , but could be later friending on news coverage
via police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
so end result . 2 dead 1 of them was gunman . thanks fk . 3 serious injuries and 5 just injured . that dog fkn dead good !
the contrast of comments on yik yak in sydney australia right now lol
australia gave political asylum to monis he bit the hand that feeds him . true muslin
is over . have been incredible . waiting to see if any casualties .
the gunman apparently practices black magic . hahahaha , nonsense !
ok peeps , segment now at 1138 a , but could be later friending on news coverage
wait what the hell happened in sydney ?
so end result . 2 dead 1 of them was gunman . thanks fk . 3 serious injuries and 5 just injured . that dog fkn dead good !
let's hope the home secretary is considering what our police security services need to deal with a lone terrorist .
australia gave political asylum to monis he bit the hand that feeds him . true muslin
hope will be able to confirm the number of people injured or if there were any deaths in . plenty of speculations .
the gunman apparently practices black magic . hahahaha , nonsense !
sigh of relief that it was the gunman instead of another hostage who died
wait what the hell happened in sydney ?
continuing coverage .live stream : siege at central sydney cafe
let's hope the home secretary is considering what our police security services need to deal with a lone terrorist .
gunman believed to have been killed in :
hope will be able to confirm the number of people injured or if there were any deaths in . plenty of speculations .
police toting automatic weapons stormed the sydney lindt cafe after a 16 -hour hostage crisis .
sigh of relief that it was the gunman instead of another hostage who died
my heart goes out to anyone caught up in the hostage crisis in sydney .
continuing coverage .live stream : siege at central sydney cafe
watching sky news and seeing what's happening in sydney is fucking insane it's like something from a film !!
gunman believed to have been killed in :
: 2 ppl , incl . hostage taker has died . 6 victims are seriously injured . hope the dead victim r .i.p., but surely not that madman !
police toting automatic weapons stormed the sydney lindt cafe after a 16 -hour hostage crisis .
put up their price to a minimum of $100 for people stuck in the city during the that is actually disgusting
my heart goes out to anyone caught up in the hostage crisis in sydney .
australia now joins the growing list of countries that have had innocent blood spilt at the hand of terrorism
put up their price to a minimum of $100 for people stuck in the city during the that is actually disgusting
what uber's sydney surge pricing debacle says about its public image
australia now joins the growing list of countries that have had innocent blood spilt at the hand of terrorism
rip to the victim we lost today , heart goes out to their friends and family , some will not have a merry christmas this year
oh so 5 sos can promote their cd but they cant mention what is happening in sydney ((their fucking home city ))???
2 confirmed dead , one being the gunman
2 people died one hostage and the gunman
the power of social media , in the midst of a terrible worldwide tragedy . my heart goes out to those in sydney .
what uber's sydney surge pricing debacle says about its public image
my thoughts are with the person who lost their life today prayers go half around the world xx
rip to the victim we lost today , heart goes out to their friends and family , some will not have a merry christmas this year
the gunman is dead but means 1 innocent hostage has lost their life which is so sad
2 confirmed dead , one being the gunman
hostage-taker one of the two dead in , per
the power of social media , in the midst of a terrible worldwide tragedy . my heart goes out to those in sydney .
losers in the crisis - idiots retweeting shame , selfie takers imho
my thoughts are with the person who lost their life today prayers go half around the world xx
two persons dead at the attack , atleast the police should have waited for one more day or negotiated
the gunman is dead but means 1 innocent hostage has lost their life which is so sad
please let us know when you get into sydney , and when you're safe , we love you okay xx
hostage-taker one of the two dead in , per
siege ends after 16 hours - dec 15 am et
losers in the crisis - idiots retweeting shame , selfie takers imho
this is how it all went down , new zealand approximate times (aus time + 2 hours )
two persons dead at the attack , atleast the police should have waited for one more day or negotiated
i really hope they aren't dead . apparently 1 is the gunman
please let us know when you get into sydney , and when you're safe , we love you okay xx
had goosebumps following the . sending a lot of love back home .
siege ends after 16 hours - dec 15 am et
holy shit holy shit it's over but holy shit the footage i'm still crying i'm hoping everyone that's injured pulls through
this is how it all went down , new zealand approximate times (aus time + 2 hours )
confirmed gunman haron monis and a hostage have been killed
i really hope they aren't dead . apparently 1 is the gunman
first hand account of the situation in sydney's cbd - bundaberg news mail
had goosebumps following the . sending a lot of love back home .
update :sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours
holy shit holy shit it's over but holy shit the footage i'm still crying i'm hoping everyone that's injured pulls through
had goosebumps watching the gun fire on the news ! i hope the gun man is dead , no need to question him , we know his background .
confirmed gunman haron monis and a hostage have been killed
the moment became more escalated and police had no choice but to storm the cafe
first hand account of the situation in sydney's cbd - bundaberg news mail
the amount indian media frothed over , discussing case from 1000 perspectives , they haven't skimmed shami witness case , at all .
update :sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours
my prayers go out to the families that lost loved ones . on the other hand , i'm relieved that it's over .
had goosebumps watching the gun fire on the news ! i hope the gun man is dead , no need to question him , we know his background .
yeah , gunman must be dead but not confirmed
the moment became more escalated and police had no choice but to storm the cafe
abc hadn't said anything about the two deaths so i'm not believing it for sure yet , still hoping everyone's okay
the amount indian media frothed over , discussing case from 1000 perspectives , they haven't skimmed shami witness case , at all .
thoughts go out to the around is evil but there are also those who care .hope the injuries aren't fatal .
my prayers go out to the families that lost loved ones . on the other hand , i'm relieved that it's over .
video of hostages fleeing sydney siege
yeah , gunman must be dead but not confirmed
the failure of the government to deal with this maniac when they had a chance lead to events . time to get tough .
abc hadn't said anything about the two deaths so i'm not believing it for sure yet , still hoping everyone's okay
sending healing thoughts to those caught up in the sydney siege
thoughts go out to the around is evil but there are also those who care .hope the injuries aren't fatal .
pretty dramatic video here of police teams storming the cafe at the center of the
video of hostages fleeing sydney siege
confirmed two dead in the martin place siege , believed one is man monis - the gunman .
the failure of the government to deal with this maniac when they had a chance lead to events . time to get tough .
hostage situation in sydney appears over : gunfire was heard as police stormed the chocolate shop and cafe wher
sending healing thoughts to those caught up in the sydney siege
watching the hostages run from the brings tears to my eyes . how terrified must they have been
pretty dramatic video here of police teams storming the cafe at the center of the
good news the hostage thing is over and radical muslim is dead bad news a innocent is dead .
confirmed two dead in the martin place siege , believed one is man monis - the gunman .
uber charges 'surge' rate to people trying to escape sydney hostage situation . min $100 fare . then backtracks .
hostage situation in sydney appears over : gunfire was heard as police stormed the chocolate shop and cafe wher
been on shuffling through news channel to see what's going on , i can't believe it happened in sydney . i wish everything's well
watching the hostages run from the brings tears to my eyes . how terrified must they have been
this what happen when u leave one of the component of hadith thaqlain . it reminds me of
good news the hostage thing is over and radical muslim is dead bad news a innocent is dead .
oluwagbemigapost : hostage situation erupts in sydney cafe
uber charges 'surge' rate to people trying to escape sydney hostage situation . min $100 fare . then backtracks .
but apparently the gunman is also dead and possibly one other :( there's still 9 people inside apparently
been on shuffling through news channel to see what's going on , i can't believe it happened in sydney . i wish everything's well
prayers for those hurt or killed : police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege -
but apparently the gunman is also dead and possibly one other :( there's still 9 people inside apparently
my thoughts and prayers are with the survivors and families of the victims of the sydney siege .
prayers for those hurt or killed : police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege -
people saying this is islam need to put aside narrow mindedness , check the facts and know that this person is a crazy extremist
if this is because made it happen , they lose . if it was , we all lose .
my favourite place , always pray for u .
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe relief on safe ending and admire aussie police .
why is this news anchor smiling . get her off .
my thoughts and prayers are with the survivors and families of the victims of the sydney siege .
she was just about to walk out the door to work when she saw the unthinkable on via
people saying this is islam need to put aside narrow mindedness , check the facts and know that this person is a crazy extremist
fingers crossed that one of the dead is the gunman .
my favourite place , always pray for u .
has there ever been a more amateurish end to a siege as that in sydney , unbelievable . i really hope speculation of deaths is untrue .
why is this news anchor smiling . get her off .
am thankful the is over . thoughts are with the survivors and the family of those that died .
she was just about to walk out the door to work when she saw the unthinkable on via
sydney hostage live : crisis ends as police storm lindt cafe , hostages : sydney hostage live : crisis ends a
fingers crossed that one of the dead is the gunman .
why attack australia ? we ride kangaroos and cuddle koalas , we're good people . i promise !#sydneysiege
has there ever been a more amateurish end to a siege as that in sydney , unbelievable . i really hope speculation of deaths is untrue .
live stream : eerie quiet settles over dramatic sydney hostage scene 12 /15/2014 (video) | war on terror
am thankful the is over . thoughts are with the survivors and the family of those that died .
rip any hostages who died , such a shocking and traumatic situation i can't imagine how i'd deal with it
sydney hostage live : crisis ends as police storm lindt cafe , hostages : sydney hostage live : crisis ends a
sydney hostage-taker revealed as muslim cleric , 'sexual healer ' with criminal past
why attack australia ? we ride kangaroos and cuddle koalas , we're good people . i promise !#sydneysiege
unfortunately it did not end the way we all wanted safely and peacefully .
live stream : eerie quiet settles over dramatic sydney hostage scene 12 /15/2014 (video) | war on terror
wtf is going on in pennsylvania .forget about sydney .
rip any hostages who died , such a shocking and traumatic situation i can't imagine how i'd deal with it
video | kinitv : police toting automatic weapons stormed the sydney lindt cafe after a 16 -hour hostage crisis .
sydney hostage-taker revealed as muslim cleric , 'sexual healer ' with criminal past
god bless us .. in jesus name !!
wtf is going on in pennsylvania .forget about sydney .
deepest sympathies for those who didn't make it out safely . sad day for australians everywhere x
video | kinitv : police toting automatic weapons stormed the sydney lindt cafe after a 16 -hour hostage crisis .
the verge : uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during hostage situation
god bless us .. in jesus name !!
finally it's over ! glad most of them made it out unharmed . really hope those injured will be fine !
wishing all the hostages got out safe
are u serious ? i dont want to watch a package of man monis ' life . doesnt deserve one second of airtime
deepest sympathies for those who didn't make it out safely . sad day for australians everywhere x
responds to crisis w / support solidarity : via
the verge : uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during hostage situation
two indian nationals who were held hostage in cafe are safe , says government
finally it's over ! glad most of them made it out unharmed . really hope those injured will be fine !
confirm the scum have been killed
are u serious ? i dont want to watch a package of man monis ' life . doesnt deserve one second of airtime
uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during hostage situation : uber briefly raised fares in sydney to
responds to crisis w / support solidarity : via
i want to read take on but the urdu version . lol !
two indian nationals who were held hostage in cafe are safe , says government
how can people be taking selfies during such a tense , horrible time . hoping the reports of 2 people killed arent true
confirm the scum have been killed
police believe the man who seized hostages inside a cafe in sydney , is man haron monis , a self-styled muslim cleric born in iran
uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during hostage situation : uber briefly raised fares in sydney to
terrorist harun munis killed during the police encounter : australian media
i want to read take on but the urdu version . lol !
such an awful situation , my heart goes out to those in sydney tonight ! australia is a beautiful country and i feel privileged to live here
how can people be taking selfies during such a tense , horrible time . hoping the reports of 2 people killed arent true
so relieved to hear the awful situation happening in sydney is over
police believe the man who seized hostages inside a cafe in sydney , is man haron monis , a self-styled muslim cleric born in iran
i guess no press is bad press eh ?
terrorist harun munis killed during the police encounter : australian media
hostage situation erupts in . it's over .
such an awful situation , my heart goes out to those in sydney tonight ! australia is a beautiful country and i feel privileged to live here
tt south africa 18 :241.#sydneysiege2.#ucldraw3.monaco4.rolene strauss 5 .proudly south african 6 .#lastdance7.south africa 8 .#effassembly
so relieved to hear the awful situation happening in sydney is over
two people already died at the sydney hostage omg r .i.p :(
i guess no press is bad press eh ?
your essential daily briefinghostage crisis in sydney , shinzo abe's victory and denmark claims the north pole
hostage situation erupts in . it's over .
1 dead and the gunman is dead so shocking :(
tt south africa 18 :241.#sydneysiege2.#ucldraw3.monaco4.rolene strauss 5 .proudly south african 6 .#lastdance7.south africa 8 .#effassembly
just hearing the reports of the awful situation in sydney , hearts goes out to all affected
two people already died at the sydney hostage omg r .i.p :(
has confirmed extremist converted to islam last week
your essential daily briefinghostage crisis in sydney , shinzo abe's victory and denmark claims the north pole
waiting anxiously in boston for further updates re - pleased and encouraged by aussie response w
1 dead and the gunman is dead so shocking :(
my heart goes out to the victims in sydney , australia . a beautiful , peaceful city and nation . stay strong .
just hearing the reports of the awful situation in sydney , hearts goes out to all affected
2 said killed in sydney siege as hostage situation concludes via
has confirmed extremist converted to islam last week
i couldn't care less about a live album , 5 sos need to get their shit together and realise what the fuck is happening in sydney
waiting anxiously in boston for further updates re - pleased and encouraged by aussie response w
hostage seize is over after more than 16 hours in sydney cafe .. what the hell these so called islamic terrorist isis trying 1 /2
my heart goes out to the victims in sydney , australia . a beautiful , peaceful city and nation . stay strong .
gunman behind sydney hostage drama identified
2 said killed in sydney siege as hostage situation concludes via
thoughts are with all affected as a result of the what drives people to act like this psychopath is beyond me
i couldn't care less about a live album , 5 sos need to get their shit together and realise what the fuck is happening in sydney
did anyone see the woman in the black white dress escape ?
hostage seize is over after more than 16 hours in sydney cafe .. what the hell these so called islamic terrorist isis trying 1 /2
dtn italy : video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , w
gunman behind sydney hostage drama identified
stop focusing on livesos album and tweet some stuff about they sydney seige or smtg related about it !!
thoughts are with all affected as a result of the what drives people to act like this psychopath is beyond me
the gunman at centre of this , man monis is dead
did anyone see the woman in the black white dress escape ?
my thoughts and prayers are with the everyone involved in the you guys deserve the world after this
stop focusing on livesos album and tweet some stuff about they sydney seige or smtg related about it !!
sydney siege over as armed police storm cafe
the gunman at centre of this , man monis is dead
channel 9 and channel 7 are saying completely different things about the two supposed deaths , i'm confused
my thoughts and prayers are with the everyone involved in the you guys deserve the world after this
just because all of 5 sos haven't tweeted about what's happening in sydney doesn't mean they don't care , give them a break jesus christ
sydney siege over as armed police storm cafe (discovery news )
sydney cafe hostage situation over , 2 reportedly dead
sydney siege over as armed police storm cafe
islamic terrorist attack in sydney . hostages holding up a black flag with the islamic creed on it .
channel 9 and channel 7 are saying completely different things about the two supposed deaths , i'm confused
with , australians are offering to accompany those afraid of retribution following the sydney standoff
just because all of 5 sos haven't tweeted about what's happening in sydney doesn't mean they don't care , give them a break jesus christ
martin place is reportedly quiet once again after the ended just after 2 am .
islamic terrorist attack in sydney . hostages holding up a black flag with the islamic creed on it .
don't say he was iranian , do say he was a muslim !
with , australians are offering to accompany those afraid of retribution following the sydney standoff
they did a u-turn and started offering free trips to anyone in central sydneyrefunds too . according to reports that is
martin place is reportedly quiet once again after the ended just after 2 am .
armed police storm sydney cafe : watch the moment armed police threw flash gren
reports 2 people are dead and 3 have been seriously injured
i can see cnn is second guessing the police in sydney , australia now , i guess it is not enough for just the usa
don't say he was iranian , do say he was a muslim !
blogdog : sydney siege : police storm lindt chocolate cafe to free hostages shots fired
they did a u-turn and started offering free trips to anyone in central sydneyrefunds too . according to reports that is
breaking : the hostage situation in sydney appears over
armed police storm sydney cafe : watch the moment armed police threw flash gren
the gunman sent hate mail to the families of the deceased soldiers
i can see cnn is second guessing the police in sydney , australia now , i guess it is not enough for just the usa
the footage from the sydney cafe siege is absolutely chilling ..
breaking : the hostage situation in sydney appears over
thanks for the updates and sticking it , i am sure people all around sydney are appreciative
the gunman sent hate mail to the families of the deceased soldiers
yes ! is over .i hope everyone will be okay police of australia is awesome !!!!
the footage from the sydney cafe siege is absolutely chilling ..
warm thoughts with all the hostages and the family of the innocent victim who lost their life
bbc news uk video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia ,
hostage-taker haron monis killed by special forces . one hostage also dies , reportedly following cardiac arrest
thanks for the updates and sticking it , i am sure people all around sydney are appreciative
2 people confirmed dead , 1 being the gunman . rip , innocent soul . :(
yes ! is over .i hope everyone will be okay police of australia is awesome !!!!
just in shock by what happened in sydney . my thoughts are with all in australia - a place i fell in love with just a few wks ago .
warm thoughts with all the hostages and the family of the innocent victim who lost their life
if the gunman is actually dead he will never have to face what he did , horrified he got away so easy .
hostage-taker haron monis killed by special forces . one hostage also dies , reportedly following cardiac arrest
you have to feel for those folk who got caught in the sydney siege . their entire world must have been turned right side up
2 people confirmed dead , 1 being the gunman . rip , innocent soul . :(
who the hell cares what's going on in sydney's hostage situation when justice in this country is being held hostage by judicial authorities ?
just in shock by what happened in sydney . my thoughts are with all in australia - a place i fell in love with just a few wks ago .
such crazy footage from the lindt cafe in sydney . i cant believe this has happened here in australia . great work by our police
if the gunman is actually dead he will never have to face what he did , horrified he got away so easy .
campaign offers lifts to work , protection and friendship to frightened muslims following .
you have to feel for those folk who got caught in the sydney siege . their entire world must have been turned right side up
- i hope they don't treat this idiot as kassab . kind of glad they don't serve biryani in australian jails .
who the hell cares what's going on in sydney's hostage situation when justice in this country is being held hostage by judicial authorities ?
i just happened to wake up and so i checked my phone and i'm so relieved to hear the siege is over ! praise the lord !
such crazy footage from the lindt cafe in sydney . i cant believe this has happened here in australia . great work by our police
the sydney hostage siege has ended after several hours . we will bring you more as the story unfolds . read more here :
campaign offers lifts to work , protection and friendship to frightened muslims following .
update : 2 dead , possibly includinggunman ; 3 other people injured and inserious condition after
- i hope they don't treat this idiot as kassab . kind of glad they don't serve biryani in australian jails .
us australians all coming together to show support for those in the sydney siege show how much of a family we are
i just happened to wake up and so i checked my phone and i'm so relieved to hear the siege is over ! praise the lord !
just heard man monis rap sheet ! how was it that he was still walking the streets !!
the sydney hostage siege has ended after several hours . we will bring you more as the story unfolds . read more here :
reports from 9 news of two dead (including gunman ) and 3 critically injured .
update : 2 dead , possibly includinggunman ; 3 other people injured and inserious condition after
5 dead in shootings near philadelphia at least five people were killed early monday by a suspected gunman in sub
us australians all coming together to show support for those in the sydney siege show how much of a family we are
2 confirmed dead , 1 believed to be the gunman . my prayers go to the family of the hostages right now ! the hostages themselves
just heard man monis rap sheet ! how was it that he was still walking the streets !!
my prayers to all those who were affected by the siege in sydney .
reports from 9 news of two dead (including gunman ) and 3 critically injured .
good to see the is over . hope there is not too much collateral damage .
5 dead in shootings near philadelphia at least five people were killed early monday by a suspected gunman in sub
good to see continuously state that muslim communities condemn this . but sad that people still need to be told this .
2 confirmed dead , 1 believed to be the gunman . my prayers go to the family of the hostages right now ! the hostages themselves
gunman dead and the truth died with him and unfortunately he took with him an innocent and free spirit with him
good to see the is over . hope there is not too much collateral damage .
latest : gunman is believed to be among the two dead , reports no confirmation from police
good to see continuously state that muslim communities condemn this . but sad that people still need to be told this .
the hostage crisis in sydney is over .vishwakant ankit reddy is safe : happily tweetsbtw ,what happened to 39 indian hostages ?
gunman dead and the truth died with him and unfortunately he took with him an innocent and free spirit with him
let's hope that's not the case . australians may be known as racists but are very compassionate and supporting .
news just in : two people have died and several others were wounded in the hostage drama at the lindt cafe in sydney !
is trending because some australians refuse to blame muslims for
latest : gunman is believed to be among the two dead , reports no confirmation from police
sydney terror siege update : 'several injured ' as armed police raid lindt cafe
the hostage crisis in sydney is over .vishwakant ankit reddy is safe : happily tweetsbtw ,what happened to 39 indian hostages ?
australian police confirms that sydney cafe siege is now over after more than 16 hours .
let's hope that's not the case . australians may be known as racists but are very compassionate and supporting .
16 hr siege over what a relief !
is trending because some australians refuse to blame muslims for
this will rile up more racism in australia , or get gun nuts saying they need to be more like amurricah . no facebook until 2015 .
sydney terror siege update : 'several injured ' as armed police raid lindt cafe
i feel bad about the sydney folks , but this breaking news is holding back my office punch out , dammit .
australian police confirms that sydney cafe siege is now over after more than 16 hours .
the gunman shouldn't of died he had to be torched and had to go though pain , he got got the easy way out
16 hr siege over what a relief !
if you're an from australia still crying about christianity , then you have a priority problem .
this will rile up more racism in australia , or get gun nuts saying they need to be more like amurricah . no facebook until 2015 .
my heart goes out to the families effected by the chocolat cafe situation in sydney .
i feel bad about the sydney folks , but this breaking news is holding back my office punch out , dammit .
of paramedic crews seen racing up martin place with stretchers toward scene of sydney cafe siege -
the gunman shouldn't of died he had to be torched and had to go though pain , he got got the easy way out
you clearly don't know what's just happened in sydney .
if you're an from australia still crying about christianity , then you have a priority problem .
confirm sydney siege has ended -
of paramedic crews seen racing up martin place with stretchers toward scene of sydney cafe siege -
and the . when silicon valley and the chicago school of economics encounter real , human emotions .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over via inquirernet
bello mister abbott ,four month arrival sydney thank you australian and wellcome
and the . when silicon valley and the chicago school of economics encounter real , human emotions .
one word for the person responsible for : idiot . well done royal australian regiment for concluding it seemingly so well .
the hostage taker in sydney should have picked ny city diblasio would give him keys to the city
isis attacks in sydney , just a matter of time before they do it on american soil
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney ,
7 news australia reporting that two killed , three gravely injured in
bello mister abbott ,four month arrival sydney thank you australian and wellcome
also - if you want to feel a little better about the world we live in , read this :
one word for the person responsible for : idiot . well done royal australian regiment for concluding it seemingly so well .
so glad it's over , thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by this
isis attacks in sydney , just a matter of time before they do it on american soil
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , where a gunm
7 news australia reporting that two killed , three gravely injured in
nyt is reporting that 2 people are dead besides the gunman . so sad .
also - if you want to feel a little better about the world we live in , read this :
priceless idea ! i'm in singapore anytime if u need me
so glad it's over , thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by this
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe
nyt is reporting that 2 people are dead besides the gunman . so sad .
thoughts and prayers to those involved in the thankful it's over
priceless idea ! i'm in singapore anytime if u need me
i think the gunman may also be dead but that hasn't been confirmed
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe
it's so scary to see this happen in sydney ; but the sad fact is this happens all the time in the middle east . it's always happening .
update : australian commandos have just stormed the cafe , cafe siege ended with unknown number of injuries .
q for americans saying looser gun laws would have prevented : how many gun deaths were there in the us in the last 16 hours ?
thoughts and prayers to those involved in the thankful it's over
but ashton did acknowledge the sydney situation :/maybe if the rest of 5 sos did too
i think the gunman may also be dead but that hasn't been confirmed
follow the latest developments from outside the cafe in sydney where around 15 hostages remain trapped
it's so scary to see this happen in sydney ; but the sad fact is this happens all the time in the middle east . it's always happening .
been reported 2 dead , 1 hostage and the filthy scum gunman ?!
q for americans saying looser gun laws would have prevented : how many gun deaths were there in the us in the last 16 hours ?
its obviously not 5 sos ' fault about the hostages in sydney . jesus .
but ashton did acknowledge the sydney situation :/maybe if the rest of 5 sos did too
breaking : siege at sydney cafe is over but reports say at least two people killed and several others wounded .
follow the latest developments from outside the cafe in sydney where around 15 hostages remain trapped
i reckon the gunman is dead since they aren't saying anything about the gunman
been reported 2 dead , 1 hostage and the filthy scum gunman ?!
response to sydney's hostage crisis : surge pricing , $100 minimum fares .
its obviously not 5 sos ' fault about the hostages in sydney . jesus .
oh fuck the sydney siege is so upsetting
breaking : siege at sydney cafe is over but reports say at least two people killed and several others wounded .
thank god ! sydney siege ended ! phewwwww
i reckon the gunman is dead since they aren't saying anything about the gunman
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours (with video )
response to sydney's hostage crisis : surge pricing , $100 minimum fares .
the gunman is dead thank god but it looks like an innocent person as well
oh fuck the sydney siege is so upsetting
, he use 2 b a shia muslim but converted to being sunni , well now it makes more sense .
thank god ! sydney siege ended ! phewwwww
minor injury to a police officer , gunman and hostage shot dead , sad that someone innocent has had to lose there life ,
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours (with video )
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australi
the gunman is dead thank god but it looks like an innocent person as well
perhaps we should just make murder illegal and be done with it !#sydneysiege
, he use 2 b a shia muslim but converted to being sunni , well now it makes more sense .
royal australian commando regiment helped end
minor injury to a police officer , gunman and hostage shot dead , sad that someone innocent has had to lose there life ,
| another indian hostage pushpendu ghosh is also safe , tweets external affairs minister
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australi
horrified at what has happened in sydney . the work of a crazy nut job .
perhaps we should just make murder illegal and be done with it !#sydneysiege
keepin my sydney pals in mind :(
royal australian commando regiment helped end
come on can't you see is trying to keep the administrations narrative alive ? this sydney this is so annoying o .o
| another indian hostage pushpendu ghosh is also safe , tweets external affairs minister
iranian guy be like - but this is how we play 'house' back home - he confused at all the commotion . poor guy - just wanted fun
keepin my sydney pals in mind :(
they're reporting about the gunman and i feel so fucking sick to my stomach with all the disgusting things hes done and he was let off .
come on can't you see is trying to keep the administrations narrative alive ? this sydney this is so annoying o .o
: 'islamist' hostage drama in australia - //t.co/mwfolnnocm
iranian guy be like - but this is how we play 'house' back home - he confused at all the commotion . poor guy - just wanted fun
i thought 5 sos would have tweeted about the whole situation happening in sydney but they're just promoting their album :/
thoughts and love to those in sydney today .
one dead hostage is not worth 100 k terrorist dogs ! , no sympathy for them .. usa is with australia ..
they're reporting about the gunman and i feel so fucking sick to my stomach with all the disgusting things hes done and he was let off .
im so absolutely devastated to hear about the loss of lives in the
: 'islamist' hostage drama in australia - //t.co/mwfolnnocm
rss vhp are also terrorist organisations like simi , we want a united safe india please .
i thought 5 sos would have tweeted about the whole situation happening in sydney but they're just promoting their album :/
sydney u /d: police say now 1 of the 2 killed in the hostage crisis that was over 16 hours is the gunman .
one dead hostage is not worth 100 k terrorist dogs ! , no sympathy for them .. usa is with australia ..
watch hostages flee cafe in sydney as gunfire erupts
im so absolutely devastated to hear about the loss of lives in the
one man can not dictate ur brain , throw his image out of ur mind and think him as a terrorist not muslim
rss vhp are also terrorist organisations like simi , we want a united safe india please .
prayers and thoughts go out to the family of the one hostage whose life was tragically ended early this morning due to the
sydney u /d: police say now 1 of the 2 killed in the hostage crisis that was over 16 hours is the gunman .
thoughts and prayers for the hostages who got killed in sydney for the most stupid reasons in the world
watch hostages flee cafe in sydney as gunfire erupts
massive respect for the squad of commandos who stormed the cafe in sydney to rescue the hostages
one man can not dictate ur brain , throw his image out of ur mind and think him as a terrorist not muslim
but what about those rumours in sydney for new years what if 5 sos are there and other innocent people :((
prayers and thoughts go out to the family of the one hostage whose life was tragically ended early this morning due to the
on second thoughts let's not log on to twitter dot com . it is a silly place .
thoughts and prayers for the hostages who got killed in sydney for the most stupid reasons in the world
15 min editor's note : police have confirmed that the sydney hostage siege is over , but the number of deaths ,
massive respect for the squad of commandos who stormed the cafe in sydney to rescue the hostages
i will be up all night watching this
but what about those rumours in sydney for new years what if 5 sos are there and other innocent people :((
the hostage-taker was identified as iranian refugee man haron monis . details are still unfolding .#sydneysiege
on second thoughts let's not log on to twitter dot com . it is a silly place .
developing known girlfriend of , (pictured) via
15 min editor's note : police have confirmed that the sydney hostage siege is over , but the number of deaths ,
asking the muslim community to denounce the is like asking me to denounce an ira bomb . kind of nonsensical .
i will be up all night watching this
man monis you died a lone man . disowned by muslims , australians and the world . you didnt defeat australia , you made us stronger
the hostage-taker was identified as iranian refugee man haron monis . details are still unfolding .#sydneysiege
thank god . breaking news : sydney siege gunman down .
developing known girlfriend of , (pictured) via
the hashtag is probably the best thing to come out of today's events in sydney !
asking the muslim community to denounce the is like asking me to denounce an ira bomb . kind of nonsensical .
our thoughts go out to the people in sydney , australia
man monis you died a lone man . disowned by muslims , australians and the world . you didnt defeat australia , you made us stronger
lot of people on twitter throwing shade at dom dwyer like sydney leroux was beating down their door to get with them . let a player play .
our thoughts go out to the people in sydney , australia
it begs the question : what does the lack of coverage on that - in comparison to - say about our media ?
lot of people on twitter throwing shade at dom dwyer like sydney leroux was beating down their door to get with them . let a player play .
unfortunately , it looks like australia may now have its own timothy mcveigh . man monis appears be a lone wolf : working alone .
sydney siege is over , unsure yet of the gunman's fate ? great 2 see hostages let go unharmed
ahmazing stuff happening - sydney justproves social networks are amagic way 2 amplify unitycreate solidarity amongst all
*hostage crisis over * iranian terrorist dead in sydney , australia [video] -
at what point would a become a thanks to we have averted a in bangalore . or have we not ?
it begs the question : what does the lack of coverage on that - in comparison to - say about our media ?
arnob please stop this noise , 2 indians are safe . please do that as breaking news .
unfortunately , it looks like australia may now have its own timothy mcveigh . man monis appears be a lone wolf : working alone .
devastating to hear that one hostage has died as a result of had a really as feeling after i saw those videos
ahmazing stuff happening - sydney justproves social networks are amagic way 2 amplify unitycreate solidarity amongst all
hope that sydney is doing alright ! just hear of a cafe siege somewhere there ! chills go down my spine . reminds me of 26 /11 mumbai !
at what point would a become a thanks to we have averted a in bangalore . or have we not ?
hostage drama in ends : police storm cafe in via
arnob please stop this noise , 2 indians are safe . please do that as breaking news .
sydney siege is over and now there is a shooting in pennsylvania . what a monday .
devastating to hear that one hostage has died as a result of had a really as feeling after i saw those videos
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via dead muslim hostage-taker ? how fitting .
hope that sydney is doing alright ! just hear of a cafe siege somewhere there ! chills go down my spine . reminds me of 26 /11 mumbai !
sad news from my old town . it really is wild for aus . sad . gunshots at sydney hostage scene
hostage drama in ends : police storm cafe in via
now watch how leftard liberals refuse to see the bigger islamic picture here
sydney siege is over and now there is a shooting in pennsylvania . what a monday .
can we know the country of origin of gunmen ?
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via dead muslim hostage-taker ? how fitting .
uber backs down after hiking prices during sydney hostage crisis cares more about money than people , a lot more
sad news from my old town . it really is wild for aus . sad . gunshots at sydney hostage scene
over with 2 dead several injured and culprit identified
now watch how leftard liberals refuse to see the bigger islamic picture here
just in : indian hostage pushpendu ghosh is also safe . he is the second indian national who was trapped in
can we know the country of origin of gunmen ?
two people are reportedly dead , including gunman . three seriously injured as police close this horrifying ordeal .
uber backs down after hiking prices during sydney hostage crisis cares more about money than people , a lot more
ktown sydney siege : police storm chocolate shop as up to nine more hostages escape ; heavy gunfire reported
over with 2 dead several injured and culprit identified
don't understand why man haron monis was still allowed to be in australia . asylum is a privilege , abuse it , you're out .
just in : indian hostage pushpendu ghosh is also safe . he is the second indian national who was trapped in
a group of hostages run from sydney cafe hostage situation
two people are reportedly dead , including gunman . three seriously injured as police close this horrifying ordeal .
bloody end to sydney siege . reports two dead and up to five seriously injured . fate of gunman unknown .
ktown sydney siege : police storm chocolate shop as up to nine more hostages escape ; heavy gunfire reported
sad day in australias history today but thankfully it's over now .
don't understand why man haron monis was still allowed to be in australia . asylum is a privilege , abuse it , you're out .
reading through my feed , my heart goes out to those affected in situations unfolding in sydney australia and philadelphia , pa right now .
bloody end to sydney siege . reports two dead and up to five seriously injured . fate of gunman unknown .
do you vidit ? these australian social media reactions to the find out more info :
sad day in australias history today but thankfully it's over now .
the sydney cafe siege ends with two people dead and others injured , australia's
reading through my feed , my heart goes out to those affected in situations unfolding in sydney australia and philadelphia , pa right now .
thankful that is over and grateful that through all this , the aussie spirit has pulled through with
authorities have not yet had direct contact with the hostage taker at a sydney caf , official says .
siege over as police cafe to free hostages
do you vidit ? these australian social media reactions to the find out more info :
geez , it looks like several hostages were shot during the raid on the cafe . fucking awful if so . my thoughts are with you , people of sydney .
the sydney cafe siege ends with two people dead and others injured , australia's
so sad to hear one of the hostages died ! thoughts and prayers goes out to their family !and i hope everyone would be alright
thankful that is over and grateful that through all this , the aussie spirit has pulled through with
praying for everyone affected by the , and healing of the intense emotional trauma incurred .
siege over as police cafe to free hostages
the world watches and holds its collective breath
geez , it looks like several hostages were shot during the raid on the cafe . fucking awful if so . my thoughts are with you , people of sydney .
if australia had followed techniques , by such a known islamic activist could be prevented .
so sad to hear one of the hostages died ! thoughts and prayers goes out to their family !and i hope everyone would be alright
the australian police have been exception once again in extreme situations , the media , not so much . unconfirmed reporting
praying for everyone affected by the , and healing of the intense emotional trauma incurred .
haha ! was charging a $100 minimum to get away from the sydney hostage siege . via
the world watches and holds its collective breath
police form a line in front of media in australia imagine indian paid media pimps freedom of speech
if australia had followed techniques , by such a known islamic activist could be prevented .
australians show solidarity and scorn for muslims amid sydney siege - the globe and mail
the australian police have been exception once again in extreme situations , the media , not so much . unconfirmed reporting
this is obviously a deeply concerning incident , australian prime minister says on unfolding situation in sydney .
haha ! was charging a $100 minimum to get away from the sydney hostage siege . via
salute the bravehearts who stood upto
police form a line in front of media in australia imagine indian paid media pimps freedom of speech
no news coverage except sydney ?did not cover what happened in kolkota court .very disappointed about your coverage today mr rajat sharma
australians show solidarity and scorn for muslims amid sydney siege - the globe and mail
dang . i really hope that all of the sydney officials and police , and the remaining hostages are alright !
this is obviously a deeply concerning incident , australian prime minister says on unfolding situation in sydney .
all around tragic in , tragic for the families of hostages , tragic for the good people who do practice .
salute the bravehearts who stood upto
we stand with the people of austria . you are not alone .
no news coverage except sydney ?did not cover what happened in kolkota court .very disappointed about your coverage today mr rajat sharma
everytime i close my eyes all i can see is the desperate and distressed faces of those five hostages running to safety . is over
dang . i really hope that all of the sydney officials and police , and the remaining hostages are alright !
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via another one bites the dust !
all around tragic in , tragic for the families of hostages , tragic for the good people who do practice .
two confirmed dead .. one of them was the gunman . wasn't the best outcome but i'm so glad it's over
we stand with the people of austria . you are not alone .
- jihadist seizes cafe takes hostages for 16 hrs - now over .2 dead maybe inc . terrorist . 3 injured
everytime i close my eyes all i can see is the desperate and distressed faces of those five hostages running to safety . is over
a hostage situation has ended in sydney , australia leaving 2 dead and 3 seriously injured .
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via another one bites the dust !
sydney hostage crisis : explosions and gunfire as police storm cafe via
two confirmed dead .. one of them was the gunman . wasn't the best outcome but i'm so glad it's over
police end sydney cafe hostage siege after more than 16 hours - cp report
- jihadist seizes cafe takes hostages for 16 hrs - now over .2 dead maybe inc . terrorist . 3 injured
sending love and prayers to the sydney siege victims x
a hostage situation has ended in sydney , australia leaving 2 dead and 3 seriously injured .
extremely disturbing visuals all through the day
sydney hostage crisis : explosions and gunfire as police storm cafe via
waking up to such a violent monday .sydney standoff , philadelphiafire , . taking some time for prayers .
police end sydney cafe hostage siege after more than 16 hours - cp report
mt : two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be gunman . more to come .
sending love and prayers to the sydney siege victims x
the siege is over . force was used . i'm reading that 2 are dead . not sure if one of them was the gunman . this isn't good
extremely disturbing visuals all through the day
: too early to make any assessment concerning the tragedy in
waking up to such a violent monday .sydney standoff , philadelphiafire , . taking some time for prayers .
our hearts go out to the residents of sydney and australia . we know hugh and the jackman family have heavy
mt : two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be gunman . more to come .
sydney siege hostage video demands : all of these videos were removed from youtube shortly after they were uploaded
the siege is over . force was used . i'm reading that 2 are dead . not sure if one of them was the gunman . this isn't good
new south wales police , job well done : police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege
: too early to make any assessment concerning the tragedy in
terrible to hear that one hostage has been confirmed dead from the attack thoughts are with the family
our hearts go out to the residents of sydney and australia . we know hugh and the jackman family have heavy
five hostages escape siege by suspected jihadist in sydney cafe (fox news )
sydney siege hostage video demands : all of these videos were removed from youtube shortly after they were uploaded
abc and police not saying if anyone has died ?
new south wales police , job well done : police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege
sydney siege is over . 2 lives lost . what did he gain ? peace ? yeah , say that to god you idiot !
terrible to hear that one hostage has been confirmed dead from the attack thoughts are with the family
gunman took a bunch of people hostage in a lindt shop .
five hostages escape siege by suspected jihadist in sydney cafe (fox news )
this has been on my brain all day
abc and police not saying if anyone has died ?
uber turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene
sydney siege is over . 2 lives lost . what did he gain ? peace ? yeah , say that to god you idiot !
any 1 reading abt should know that hours ago the australian ppl reacted with
gunman took a bunch of people hostage in a lindt shop .
our thoughts are with the hostages and their families . hoping for a peaceful resolution to the whole thing .
this has been on my brain all day
dear muslim world , leadership matters .
uber turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene
hostage hostage taker dead apparently injuries too via
any 1 reading abt should know that hours ago the australian ppl reacted with
in any properly said successful nation , compliance with state laws must be everybody's supreme . anyway , glad is over .
our thoughts are with the hostages and their families . hoping for a peaceful resolution to the whole thing .
how can we claim to be serious about ending violence against women when this man was granted bail ?
dear muslim world , leadership matters .
we thank the lord for ending the after almost 18 hours and most of those poor
hostage hostage taker dead apparently injuries too via
this is a joke ! racist country just trying to justify its anti-immigration policy , they've give him a gun said have ur 15 min
in any properly said successful nation , compliance with state laws must be everybody's supreme . anyway , glad is over .
what happen to sydney ? i really dk
how can we claim to be serious about ending violence against women when this man was granted bail ?
hope everybody who was in the is ok . thoughts go out to their family and friends at this traumatic time .
we thank the lord for ending the after almost 18 hours and most of those poor
latest bulletins /videos on siege ending from -
this is a joke ! racist country just trying to justify its anti-immigration policy , they've give him a gun said have ur 15 min
sydney siege is over after more than 16 hours
what happen to sydney ? i really dk
not even one of our media reported on manipur terror blast during primetime ; but all were focused on . trp over local news .
hope everybody who was in the is ok . thoughts go out to their family and friends at this traumatic time .
crying in a cafe , reading sydney news , chicago news wtf is this world ?
latest bulletins /videos on siege ending from -
what happened in sydney could happen anywhere in the world .
sydney siege is over after more than 16 hours
mt is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene pic : getty
not even one of our media reported on manipur terror blast during primetime ; but all were focused on . trp over local news .
such a tragic ending to a traumatic event . continuously praying for all the families and hostages
crying in a cafe , reading sydney news , chicago news wtf is this world ?
we at speedhounds feel positive as the terror event ends . we pray for the safe recovery of those injured . rip those who died
what happened in sydney could happen anywhere in the world .
we gave this man political asylum and murder , sexual assaults and hostage taking is how he repays our generosity .
mt is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene pic : getty
now the is over , let's not get too reactionary . live and let live . ps , how did the courts let this flip-nut out on bail anyway ?
such a tragic ending to a traumatic event . continuously praying for all the families and hostages
crap . one of the sydney hostages died .
we at speedhounds feel positive as the terror event ends . we pray for the safe recovery of those injured . rip those who died
two people have reportedly been killed - one believed to be the gunman - at the lindt cafe
we gave this man political asylum and murder , sexual assaults and hostage taking is how he repays our generosity .
tweeters lend support to muslims as sydney siege comes to an end
now the is over , let's not get too reactionary . live and let live . ps , how did the courts let this flip-nut out on bail anyway ?
hope the idiot libs don't expect him to get tea and cake . fucker !!!!sydney hostage siege over
crap . one of the sydney hostages died .
despite the circumstances i am hopeful because of movements like . thank you sydney for standing up against racism bigotry .
two people have reportedly been killed - one believed to be the gunman - at the lindt cafe
police end sydney cafe hostage siege after more than 16 hours
tweeters lend support to muslims as sydney siege comes to an end
20 % of 1 bil islamists dedicated to the destruction of western civilization ! greenies desperate to overlook this
hope the idiot libs don't expect him to get tea and cake . fucker !!!!sydney hostage siege over
even before identity of kidnapper was released , ppl started yelling about islamaphobia . shows even they know the truth .
despite the circumstances i am hopeful because of movements like . thank you sydney for standing up against racism bigotry .
'spiritual healer ' man haron monis charged with an extra 40 sexual offences via
20 % of 1 bil islamists dedicated to the destruction of western civilization ! greenies desperate to overlook this
that's it !! end of sydney testaustralia won test .....terrorists are lost
even before identity of kidnapper was released , ppl started yelling about islamaphobia . shows even they know the truth .
sydney siege brings uber criticism - alfa tech , corp .
'spiritual healer ' man haron monis charged with an extra 40 sexual offences via
hahahah well holy fuck guess we really shouldn't be using uber anymore
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held : police swooped into the lindt chocolat cafe shortly after five o
are you fucking kidding me . getting mad at 5 sos over the is the most childish , ridiculous thing ever . grow up .
that's it !! end of sydney testaustralia won test .....terrorists are lost
no but have the police confirmed any deaths ? if not then stop saying it .
sydney siege brings uber criticism - alfa tech , corp .
the news coverage from sydney is unreal . the sound of automatic weapons was intense . just shows that these nutters are everywhere .
hahahah well holy fuck guess we really shouldn't be using uber anymore
most information about the sydney crisis has been received from
are you fucking kidding me . getting mad at 5 sos over the is the most childish , ridiculous thing ever . grow up .
oh god ! arnab found opportunity to shout in this as well .
no but have the police confirmed any deaths ? if not then stop saying it .
armed gunman barricaded in philly . maybe we should send some protesters in to get him .
the news coverage from sydney is unreal . the sound of automatic weapons was intense . just shows that these nutters are everywhere .
as soon as something like becomes a hashtag like , sadly it gets that much harder for me to take it seriously .
oh god ! arnab found opportunity to shout in this as well .
good job australia you showed that motherf *cker, who is boss
armed gunman barricaded in philly . maybe we should send some protesters in to get him .
sending lots of love to the sydney , aus . community . blessed that my family was not involved , but thinking about those who were . spread love .
as soon as something like becomes a hashtag like , sadly it gets that much harder for me to take it seriously .
hmm total outrage at some lone maniacal gunmanabsolutely nothing about mps raping kids and allegedly murdering them . strange priorities
i've been to sydney , you wouldn't think you could walk in , order a coffee , and get taken hostage . so much uncertainty in world
yes looks it reuters are reporting this now
good job australia you showed that motherf *cker, who is boss
cafe siege nobody except bjp is willing to fight terrorism .
sending lots of love to the sydney , aus . community . blessed that my family was not involved , but thinking about those who were . spread love .
2 dead from the sydney siege . one believed to be the gunman .
hmm total outrage at some lone maniacal gunmanabsolutely nothing about mps raping kids and allegedly murdering them . strange priorities
breaking news - islamic terrorist takes hostages in sydney | restoring liberty via
yes looks it reuters are reporting this now
prayers : 5 dead in shootings across pennsylvania , gunman barricades self in home (video) via
cafe siege nobody except bjp is willing to fight terrorism .
two confirmed dead - one of them was the gunman
2 dead from the sydney siege . one believed to be the gunman .
dang man this whole sydney hostage situation is crazy :/
breaking news - islamic terrorist takes hostages in sydney | restoring liberty via
this terrorist scum man monis targeted 8 dead soldiers families incited his partner to kill his ex wife sexually asssaulted 8 ppl
prayers : 5 dead in shootings across pennsylvania , gunman barricades self in home (video) via
tragic news , two killed after 17 hours
two confirmed dead - one of them was the gunman
given the violent history of the man monis and his evident instability , why was this man even allowed bail ?
dang man this whole sydney hostage situation is crazy :/
australians use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during sydney siegeviabeautiful ,
this terrorist scum man monis targeted 8 dead soldiers families incited his partner to kill his ex wife sexually asssaulted 8 ppl
2 lives taken in the . just unfortunate for this to have happened .
tragic news , two killed after 17 hours
but watching the hostages run out of the cafe in horror some crying reduced me to tears - the horrors they must've been through
given the violent history of the man monis and his evident instability , why was this man even allowed bail ?
i could just cry . two confirmed dead , one being the gunmanmy thoughts are with everyone affected , especially those fighting for their lives
australians use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during sydney siegeviabeautiful ,
breaking : hostage situation in sydney , australia has ended . ^nk
2 lives taken in the . just unfortunate for this to have happened .
sydney cafe siege ends after police storm site of hostage crisis via
but watching the hostages run out of the cafe in horror some crying reduced me to tears - the horrors they must've been through
: aussies unite to support muslim residents who feared backlash
i could just cry . two confirmed dead , one being the gunmanmy thoughts are with everyone affected , especially those fighting for their lives
after seeing how australians came together during the i can't help but wish i was australian .
breaking : hostage situation in sydney , australia has ended . ^nk
so proud of sydney . brought tears to my eyes here in california .
sydney cafe siege ends after police storm site of hostage crisis via
this is last official police update . no death confirmed yet . shutup media
: aussies unite to support muslim residents who feared backlash
why isn't 5 sos talking about what is happening in sydney ? like tf . quit trying to promote your album , i'm not going to buy it .
after seeing how australians came together during the i can't help but wish i was australian .
makes me feel sick that people are being held hostage in sydney , actually disgusting
so proud of sydney . brought tears to my eyes here in california .
in other hostagetaking news , via : gunman in home after 5 shot dead at 3 locations . suspect is a military vet .
this is last official police update . no death confirmed yet . shutup media
i track dari hashtag history je . perasan x hashtag pagi tadi was cafe siege then they change to sydney siege ..
why isn't 5 sos talking about what is happening in sydney ? like tf . quit trying to promote your album , i'm not going to buy it .
when you take hostages against their will at gunpoint ,that is in it's very sense ,terrorism
makes me feel sick that people are being held hostage in sydney , actually disgusting
the mentality that all police everywhere are bad has got to stop .
in other hostagetaking news , via : gunman in home after 5 shot dead at 3 locations . suspect is a military vet .
lol . see bwahahaha i know you dishonest hindu creeps by your blood you are dishonest . now go away .
i track dari hashtag history je . perasan x hashtag pagi tadi was cafe siege then they change to sydney siege ..
gunman is obviously well-known to police , reported dead .
when you take hostages against their will at gunpoint ,that is in it's very sense ,terrorism
highest level inquiry now needed as to how this mad iranian nut case was allowed bail whilst facing serious charges before this
the mentality that all police everywhere are bad has got to stop .
can't believe this has happened , feel sorry for all of those people held hostage
lol . see bwahahaha i know you dishonest hindu creeps by your blood you are dishonest . now go away .
here's everybody outraged that obama didn't address during seacrest interview (that taped friday )
gunman is obviously well-known to police , reported dead .
siege is over in sydney . i hope noone from the hostages are dead
highest level inquiry now needed as to how this mad iranian nut case was allowed bail whilst facing serious charges before this
-__- mt response to people fleeing sydney's hostage crisis ? surge pricing
can't believe this has happened , feel sorry for all of those people held hostage
truly thrilling stuff . the aura today was so eery in sydney .
here's everybody outraged that obama didn't address during seacrest interview (that taped friday )
the is reportedly over . the nsw police released a statement at 2 :45am aedt saying it has come to an end .
siege is over in sydney . i hope noone from the hostages are dead
the gunman apparently died , good he deserved it !
-__- mt response to people fleeing sydney's hostage crisis ? surge pricing
but the good thing is , is that the gunman is believed to be one of the two people dead
truly thrilling stuff . the aura today was so eery in sydney .
police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege siege is finally over !
the is reportedly over . the nsw police released a statement at 2 :45am aedt saying it has come to an end .
but hey your flights are more important than whether or not people lost their lives today in sydney ?!?!!?
the gunman apparently died , good he deserved it !
sydney hostage-taker is a muslim cleric from iran via
but the good thing is , is that the gunman is believed to be one of the two people dead
police storm besieged sydney cafe
police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege siege is finally over !
only one hostage has died , thoughts and prayers with their family and friends
but hey your flights are more important than whether or not people lost their lives today in sydney ?!?!!?
this mufti should check dna test for his actual father
sydney hostage-taker is a muslim cleric from iran via
seems like a pretty small price to pay for the chance it could prevent a tragedy like what unfolded in .
police storm besieged sydney cafe
respect and admiration for the police and emergency services involved today . everyday heroes dealing with this horrible crisis
only one hostage has died , thoughts and prayers with their family and friends
hope there were no serious casualties in the sydney incident . thoughts are with the freed hostages and their
this mufti should check dna test for his actual father
has kept me up all night and i'm honestly too shaken to sleep . been to that cafe dozens of times .
seems like a pretty small price to pay for the chance it could prevent a tragedy like what unfolded in .
as for this monis guy , i hope you get something worse than hell . disgusting sick man , not even considered human
respect and admiration for the police and emergency services involved today . everyday heroes dealing with this horrible crisis
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via iranian gunman dead
hope there were no serious casualties in the sydney incident . thoughts are with the freed hostages and their
what is hamas why is it considered a terror organization ?
has kept me up all night and i'm honestly too shaken to sleep . been to that cafe dozens of times .
australia : gunman man haron monis among 1 of 2 people killed
as for this monis guy , i hope you get something worse than hell . disgusting sick man , not even considered human
imagine how utterlly and horrifyingly different this whole situation could have been if only the gunman locked the doors
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via iranian gunman dead
why are you giving this attenion you are idiots
what is hamas why is it considered a terror organization ?
two people are dead (one believed to be the gunman ) in the , according to reports
australia : gunman man haron monis among 1 of 2 people killed
confirmed shiiek man monas has died .#sydneysiege -12 virgins pap --
imagine how utterlly and horrifyingly different this whole situation could have been if only the gunman locked the doors
breaking news : gunman believed 'dead' in
why are you giving this attenion you are idiots
hope everyone in sydney is okay right now , sending my prayers to you guys
two people are dead (one believed to be the gunman ) in the , according to reports
police : sydney , australia cafe hostage situation is over
confirmed shiiek man monas has died .#sydneysiege -12 virgins pap --
video : watch live : sydney hostage siege latest | via
breaking news : gunman believed 'dead' in
just listening to local sydney radio he's believed to have been killed along with someone else . not sure if hostage or police
hope everyone in sydney is okay right now , sending my prayers to you guys
can someone tell shortly precisely what happen in sydney ? just saw some tweets about that but what exactly was matter ??
police : sydney , australia cafe hostage situation is over
there are casualties and injuries ..that much is certain , exact number of how many is still unconfirmed though for now
video : watch live : sydney hostage siege latest | via
so heartbreaking ! pure love and comfort to those in need .
just listening to local sydney radio he's believed to have been killed along with someone else . not sure if hostage or police
hearing reports that two people are dead . thoughts go out to those affected by this horrific act of violence
can someone tell shortly precisely what happen in sydney ? just saw some tweets about that but what exactly was matter ??
absolutely , no justice . this should never have happened . its so heartbreaking that another innocent person has died
there are casualties and injuries ..that much is certain , exact number of how many is still unconfirmed though for now
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named via /r/worldnews
so heartbreaking ! pure love and comfort to those in need .
this is why i hate selfies ! they are total narcissism !
hearing reports that two people are dead . thoughts go out to those affected by this horrific act of violence
only that there was two deaths . not that one was the gunman . that's unconfirmed .it's heartbreaking .
absolutely , no justice . this should never have happened . its so heartbreaking that another innocent person has died
abc us - number of injuries in sydney hostage drama still unclear
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named via /r/worldnews
thoughts go out to the person who was tragically killed in the sydney seige's family
this is why i hate selfies ! they are total narcissism !
abc us - sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe
only that there was two deaths . not that one was the gunman . that's unconfirmed .it's heartbreaking .
confirmation of my previous tweets , sydney meant i was a nark because i'm annoying and never sleep .
thoughts go out to the person who was tragically killed in the sydney seige's family
how can you get mad at 5 sos for promoting their album , because of whats happening in sydney ??
abc us - sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe
rip hostage . burn in hell , taker .
confirmation of my previous tweets , sydney meant i was a nark because i'm annoying and never sleep .
my heart goes to the hostages and their families . tonight , we stand by our commonwealth bretherin in australia .
(dec15 18 :24) skynews :#sydney hostage taker among 2 people killed after cafe siege ends in gunfire .(reuters)#sydneysiege
the hostage crisis in sydney is over .sad that two people died .this terrorism is inhuman and should be tackled strongly ..
how can you get mad at 5 sos for promoting their album , because of whats happening in sydney ??
only 2 days ago , i walked down martin place amazed at xmas lights . sydney will return to normal . we will be ok .
rip hostage . burn in hell , taker .
the australians just showed the world how to deal with a fucking retard taking people hostage . straight in no messing around
my heart goes to the hostages and their families . tonight , we stand by our commonwealth bretherin in australia .
[gulfnews all news ] sydney cafe hostage situation 'is over ': two reported dead as police confirm 'the operatio
the hostage crisis in sydney is over .sad that two people died .this terrorism is inhuman and should be tackled strongly ..
supremacist sexual death cult masquerading as a religion .
only 2 days ago , i walked down martin place amazed at xmas lights . sydney will return to normal . we will be ok .
brilliant reporting under pressure . et al
the australians just showed the world how to deal with a fucking retard taking people hostage . straight in no messing around
couldn't sleep . so worried about hostages . it was right to worry
[gulfnews all news ] sydney cafe hostage situation 'is over ': two reported dead as police confirm 'the operatio
can already tell media is going to attack muslims cuz of this sydney incident . so unfair .
supremacist sexual death cult masquerading as a religion .
let man monis be stricken out of the history books and be forgotten in time . let's make sure he is a footnote in history .
brilliant reporting under pressure . et al
thank god it's over , . hope everyone's alright . intense seeing it all live -
couldn't sleep . so worried about hostages . it was right to worry
rip to the hostage who's life was selfishly taken the early hours of this morning , my thoughts are with their loved ones xx
can already tell media is going to attack muslims cuz of this sydney incident . so unfair .
bloody hell ! those aussies don't bloody mess about do they ?
let man monis be stricken out of the history books and be forgotten in time . let's make sure he is a footnote in history .
wow i hate all people at from school rnbecause they aren't internet people and shallow af they don't know anything about sydney
thank god it's over , . hope everyone's alright . intense seeing it all live -
now that the is over we can examine how the tea party caused this .
rip to the hostage who's life was selfishly taken the early hours of this morning , my thoughts are with their loved ones xx
how can see haron monis pacing up and down geting agitated in the window yet snipers can't see him or shoot him ?
bloody hell ! those aussies don't bloody mess about do they ?
all involved will suffer for the rest of their lives . not something that would ever leave your mind . terribly sad
wow i hate all people at from school rnbecause they aren't internet people and shallow af they don't know anything about sydney
bask in sydney modernistic the boreal loiter : gah
now that the is over we can examine how the tea party caused this .
i like that sydney police stormed the cafe just before newshour was to begin .
how can see haron monis pacing up and down geting agitated in the window yet snipers can't see him or shoot him ?
i dont want this to get worse than it is
all involved will suffer for the rest of their lives . not something that would ever leave your mind . terribly sad
so glad what was happening in sydney is now over . my prayers are with all the families whose family members have died .. xx
bask in sydney modernistic the boreal loiter : gah
fantastic job mandy on coverage martin place lind cafe hostage taking in sydney pray for wounded dead hostage families tomg
i like that sydney police stormed the cafe just before newshour was to begin .
over . rip to the poor people whove lost their lives but thank god most r safe .
i dont want this to get worse than it is
that is how you put your when approaching police . that is how you live
so glad what was happening in sydney is now over . my prayers are with all the families whose family members have died .. xx
bomb detection robots were used by police after the siege ended , according to abc news .
fantastic job mandy on coverage martin place lind cafe hostage taking in sydney pray for wounded dead hostage families tomg
'ghostbusters' movie reboot news : jennifer lawrence , emma stone , ryan gosling linked to film
over . rip to the poor people whove lost their lives but thank god most r safe .
isil idiots !!!! police storm sydney cafe
that is how you put your when approaching police . that is how you live
commandos end sydney cafe siege : commandos storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an iranian ref
bomb detection robots were used by police after the siege ended , according to abc news .
i prefer sydney for its tennis tournament where everyone tanks .
'ghostbusters' movie reboot news : jennifer lawrence , emma stone , ryan gosling linked to film
thank god he isn't a pakistani .
isil idiots !!!! police storm sydney cafe
'spider-man 3 ' news : andrew garfield may be booted from film , alternate storylines revealed
commandos end sydney cafe siege : commandos storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an iranian ref
there were 2 indian hostages and both of them are safe . the siege is over .
i prefer sydney for its tennis tournament where everyone tanks .
anti-islamophobia hashtag , goes viral despite the hostage situation in a sydney cafe .
thank god he isn't a pakistani .
3 people critically injured and 2 people dead including the gunman
'spider-man 3 ' news : andrew garfield may be booted from film , alternate storylines revealed
went out and just come back and see that is over and do hope innocent lives have not been lost
there were 2 indian hostages and both of them are safe . the siege is over .
'orange is the new black ' season 3 : release date and spoilers revealed
anti-islamophobia hashtag , goes viral despite the hostage situation in a sydney cafe .
'19 kids counting ' star jessa duggar showcases husband's singing skills in video
3 people critically injured and 2 people dead including the gunman
sydney siege : several injured as police storm cafe
went out and just come back and see that is over and do hope innocent lives have not been lost
listening to and reading more about this gunman he had a screw loose he seemed to think he could break the law left right and centre
'orange is the new black ' season 3 : release date and spoilers revealed
dang . waiting to hear about the civilian casualty . :(
'19 kids counting ' star jessa duggar showcases husband's singing skills in video
florida county refuses to change invocation policy over atheist group's pressure
sydney siege : several injured as police storm cafe
i feel physically ill after seeing that unfold . more so now with varying reports about casualties . it's a sad day for us .
listening to and reading more about this gunman he had a screw loose he seemed to think he could break the law left right and centre
breaking news : hostage taker among two people killed after cafe siege ends in gunfire :
dang . waiting to hear about the civilian casualty . :(
so glad to hear the is over but incredibly saddened that at least one hostage has died . what a tragedy for sydney today .
florida county refuses to change invocation policy over atheist group's pressure
our thoughts prayers with the hostages , their families the people of australia .
i feel physically ill after seeing that unfold . more so now with varying reports about casualties . it's a sad day for us .
'exodus: gods and kings ' beats out 'hunger games ' at weekend box office earnings
breaking news : hostage taker among two people killed after cafe siege ends in gunfire :
gunman's personal website is down , but has a screenshot here :
so glad to hear the is over but incredibly saddened that at least one hostage has died . what a tragedy for sydney today .
i hope the aussie police coated their rounds in pigs blood before killing that prick
our thoughts prayers with the hostages , their families the people of australia .
tbh im pretty scared too when i see what happened to ppl on sydney one direction
'exodus: gods and kings ' beats out 'hunger games ' at weekend box office earnings
let's hope nobody is seriously injured
gunman's personal website is down , but has a screenshot here :
shows how human are getting self immolating killing own innocent brother and sister . god save humanity .#prayforsydney
i hope the aussie police coated their rounds in pigs blood before killing that prick
what's even worse is the people taking selfies at the site !
tbh im pretty scared too when i see what happened to ppl on sydney one direction
yes-outreach works so well ! as jihadis took hostages in sydney cafe , police were doing outreach at mosque
let's hope nobody is seriously injured
it's sick to know that no one cares about what's happening in sydney , just shows people don't care unless it's happening near them
shows how human are getting self immolating killing own innocent brother and sister . god save humanity .#prayforsydney
ankit reddy , a hindu terrorist was inside d cafe ,is clear proof that rss is also involved in
what's even worse is the people taking selfies at the site !
finally the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition :
yes-outreach works so well ! as jihadis took hostages in sydney cafe , police were doing outreach at mosque
idk what's worse news today , tom herman to houston , or sydney leroux has a boyfriend .
it's sick to know that no one cares about what's happening in sydney , just shows people don't care unless it's happening near them
watching replays of the terrifying moment when police went in - truly tragic , dramatic and worrying as is over .
ankit reddy , a hindu terrorist was inside d cafe ,is clear proof that rss is also involved in
any people joking about the tragic events are genuinely disgusting .
finally the is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition :
the hi-jacker was well known to sydney police ,yet they allow this lunatic to walk there streets !
idk what's worse news today , tom herman to houston , or sydney leroux has a boyfriend .
police end hostage siege after 16 hours via
watching replays of the terrifying moment when police went in - truly tragic , dramatic and worrying as is over .
flag in siege carries message 'there is no but via
any people joking about the tragic events are genuinely disgusting .
heart , warmed . thank you good ppl of !
the hi-jacker was well known to sydney police ,yet they allow this lunatic to walk there streets !
bbc news - australia commandos end sydney cafe siege good to see the australians don't mess about .
police end hostage siege after 16 hours via
freedom or anarchy ,campaign of conscience : dhs insider : sydney to be the game changer via
flag in siege carries message 'there is no but via
yup but mumbai was 20 times bigger thn this . police can help it out but we cant take care of them
heart , warmed . thank you good ppl of !
sydney is no longer a city i recognize . that's beyond upsetting .
bbc news - australia commandos end sydney cafe siege good to see the australians don't mess about .
sydney siege is over after explosions , shots fired ; 11 hostages freed ; gunman 1 hostage dead - live feed
freedom or anarchy ,campaign of conscience : dhs insider : sydney to be the game changer via
so sad for the people in sydney , glad it's over . condolences to the family's of the innocent people that have died
yup but mumbai was 20 times bigger thn this . police can help it out but we cant take care of them
i am so relieved the is over . my heart and prayers go out to all those people affected and all their loved ones .
sydney is no longer a city i recognize . that's beyond upsetting .
nop ! otherwise that criminal wouldn't ask for the 'correct' flag ;)
sydney siege is over after explosions , shots fired ; 11 hostages freed ; gunman 1 hostage dead - live feed
globalnews : 15 dec 14 pm gunman holds hostages in sydney has russian law triggered a rise in homophobia ? / tack
so sad for the people in sydney , glad it's over . condolences to the family's of the innocent people that have died
reports are saying 2 are dead , 1 believed to be the gunman . don't know what goes on in the minds of these people .
i am so relieved the is over . my heart and prayers go out to all those people affected and all their loved ones .
i'm going to be tired at work today , thanks man monis and fuck you very much
nop ! otherwise that criminal wouldn't ask for the 'correct' flag ;)
man , hearing about everything happening in sydney while i'm in singapore is terrible :/ my heart goes out to everyone involved
globalnews : 15 dec 14 pm gunman holds hostages in sydney has russian law triggered a rise in homophobia ? / tack
my thoughts and prayers to their familys all of them and as for the gunman he can rot in hell peice of shit .
i'm going to be tired at work today , thanks man monis and fuck you very much
sydney hostages : sydney gunman identified as iranian : the gunman holding people hostage in a sydney cafe
man , hearing about everything happening in sydney while i'm in singapore is terrible :/ my heart goes out to everyone involved
2 have been confirmed , and one is believed to be the gunman
my thoughts and prayers to their familys all of them and as for the gunman he can rot in hell peice of shit .
the suspect , 49 -year-old man haron monis , rec'd political asylum in australia in 1996 and was on bail facing a number of charges .
2 people may have died including gunmen
how did he get bail for sexual physical violence ? need tougher laws , tougher actions . today shouldn't have happened .
sydney hostages : sydney gunman identified as iranian : the gunman holding people hostage in a sydney cafe
we were in constant touch with our mission in sydney and the family of shri reddy . the pm was monitoring the situation throughout .
the suspect , 49 -year-old man haron monis , rec'd political asylum in australia in 1996 and was on bail facing a number of charges .
as a side note , the number of americans who have started arguing with me (re: sydney siege ) then blocked me when calmly proven wrong is 3
how did he get bail for sexual physical violence ? need tougher laws , tougher actions . today shouldn't have happened .
people are really taking selfies in front of the cafe in sydney ?and they're smiling and throwing up peace signs ?
we were in constant touch with our mission in sydney and the family of shri reddy . the pm was monitoring the situation throughout .
had to look and apparently surge pricing is automatic and was reduced to free after they saw it
all major australian new outlets have confirmed this 1 appears to be a hostage the other may be the gunman
weirdest day of 2014 . not only because of the sydney siege but because of the fucking thunder sending me to another suburb for half a day
as a side note , the number of americans who have started arguing with me (re: sydney siege ) then blocked me when calmly proven wrong is 3
i haven't had any confirmation of any deaths so far from abc news 24 so i'm keeping up my hopes
people are really taking selfies in front of the cafe in sydney ?and they're smiling and throwing up peace signs ?
giving thanks for the ending of the and praying for those injured .
had to look and apparently surge pricing is automatic and was reduced to free after they saw it
let us all congratulate both indian hostage in are rescued and are safe
weirdest day of 2014 . not only because of the sydney siege but because of the fucking thunder sending me to another suburb for half a day
you know they're just hanging around waiting for the gunman to fall asleep from a sugar overdose right ?
i haven't had any confirmation of any deaths so far from abc news 24 so i'm keeping up my hopes
was hoping for a peaceful resolution . tragic news to hear of 2 deaths .
you know they're just hanging around waiting for the gunman to fall asleep from a sugar overdose right ?
bbc news - sydney siege : australia's radicalised muslims in 90 seconds
was hoping for a peaceful resolution . tragic news to hear of 2 deaths .
another example of how devastating extremism is
ambulances ferry several injured from sydney hostage cafe - afp
jess a friend of mine lives in sydney i was honestly so worried until she replied to my text omg
another indian hostage pushpendu ghosh is also safe .
let's hope there will be no more crazy or real after seeing how easy a loner
bbc news - sydney siege : australia's radicalised muslims in 90 seconds
its high time that we de-link terrorism from religion . a terrorist is a terrorist .
another example of how devastating extremism is
thnks fo prayers operation sydney is over after 16 hours hahaa
jess a friend of mine lives in sydney i was honestly so worried until she replied to my text omg
new images of hostages injured when police stormed cafe to end siege in .
let's hope there will be no more crazy or real after seeing how easy a loner
i don't want to go anywhere near sydney full stop
its high time that we de-link terrorism from religion . a terrorist is a terrorist .
do we know what's happened to the gunman yet ?
new images of hostages injured when police stormed cafe to end siege in .
what a vile , extremist article , hijacking today's events in sydney to promote us right to arm !
i don't want to go anywhere near sydney full stop
: lessons to learn from newextremism full report here
do we know what's happened to the gunman yet ?
in canada , glad to hear the 16 -hour siege in a sydney cafe has ended ; sad to hear two people are confirmed dead .
thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the tragic events happend today in sydney !
it's over !! but two people may be dead ? :(
what a vile , extremist article , hijacking today's events in sydney to promote us right to arm !
it's truly saddening what has happened about 17 hours . my thoughts and prayers to all involved and shaken with
: lessons to learn from newextremism full report here
the terrorist must be an arsenal fan , massive bottling job .
in canada , glad to hear the 16 -hour siege in a sydney cafe has ended ; sad to hear two people are confirmed dead .
there's even a video saying it's an isis attack , but forget that too
it's truly saddening what has happened about 17 hours . my thoughts and prayers to all involved and shaken with
people praising the despicable human being at the forefront of the with people taking selfies . what has the world come too ?
the terrorist must be an arsenal fan , massive bottling job .
why communal moron arnab went hysterical 2 prove that only muslim r terrorist in india . this is journalism ,shame n disguting
there's even a video saying it's an isis attack , but forget that too
slow motion violence : 1 conversion at a timesydney gunman identified as cafe siege extends to 2 nd day via
gunman is one of two reported dead after end to
if you still think sa is the worst country ,take a look at what's happening in the us ,nigeria,sydney.just to name a few .
people praising the despicable human being at the forefront of the with people taking selfies . what has the world come too ?
kubrick with tom cruise and sydney pollack on the set of 'eyes wide shut '
why communal moron arnab went hysterical 2 prove that only muslim r terrorist in india . this is journalism ,shame n disguting
sydney headquarters : what do we know about sydney seat suspect man haron monis ?: via
slow motion violence : 1 conversion at a timesydney gunman identified as cafe siege extends to 2 nd day via
can't believe what happened in sydney over the course of the day :( glad my twinie is okay and the siege finally ended
if you still think sa is the worst country ,take a look at what's happening in the us ,nigeria,sydney.just to name a few .
thank you for the updated live coverage of the , brilliant work !
kubrick with tom cruise and sydney pollack on the set of 'eyes wide shut '
the small thing australians are offering to do with local muslims in the wake o via
can't believe what happened in sydney over the course of the day :( glad my twinie is okay and the siege finally ended
sydney siege : australian police confirms siege has ended , 2 dead source : oneindia
thank you for the updated live coverage of the , brilliant work !
honestly i am staggered . iranian refugee ? amazing that getting rid of a rapey racist wannabe isis fighter is so hard
the small thing australians are offering to do with local muslims in the wake o via
uber intentionally turned on surge pricing for people fleeing the sydney siege , had to apologize later .
thoughts are with everyone affected by the sydney siege
my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in australia , especially the hostages .. such a cruel world
sydney siege : australian police confirms siege has ended , 2 dead source : oneindia
i couldn't imagine how many sleepless nights the hostages of should spend after this . may they recover soon .
honestly i am staggered . iranian refugee ? amazing that getting rid of a rapey racist wannabe isis fighter is so hard
ap news : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
uber intentionally turned on surge pricing for people fleeing the sydney siege , had to apologize later .
i thought australia didn't allow guns and shit . it is impossible a mad gunman shot a bunch of unarmed civilians .
my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in australia , especially the hostages .. such a cruel world
sooooo . where was our prime minister throughout the unfolding of this tragic event ?
i couldn't imagine how many sleepless nights the hostages of should spend after this . may they recover soon .
police confirm that live ammunition was used as heavily armed police stormed the caf in sydney -
ap news : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
a few years ago i was held at gunpoint at my local shop , the gunman demanded money or he would kill me with the gun faced towards me
i thought australia didn't allow guns and shit . it is impossible a mad gunman shot a bunch of unarmed civilians .
sydney siege : kiwi sees hostages on knees as gunman begins siege (news)
sooooo . where was our prime minister throughout the unfolding of this tragic event ?
17 -hour hostage situation in sydney , australia is over after police storm cafe
police confirm that live ammunition was used as heavily armed police stormed the caf in sydney -
fuck the sydney siege sounds so scary wtf
a few years ago i was held at gunpoint at my local shop , the gunman demanded money or he would kill me with the gun faced towards me
been following the all day . absolutely awful :( unconfirmed reports of two dead including the gunman .
17 -hour hostage situation in sydney , australia is over after police storm cafe
what sad news to wake up to . the death injury to innocent people at the end of the hostage siege
fuck the sydney siege sounds so scary wtf
sad end to but so proud of fellow aussies today , on the freo line tomorrow best # ever
been following the all day . absolutely awful :( unconfirmed reports of two dead including the gunman .
thank you to the for their courage and for risking their lives for innocent civilians everyday .
what sad news to wake up to . the death injury to innocent people at the end of the hostage siege
is over . thank god . thank you australia for and thank you nsw police . :)
sad end to but so proud of fellow aussies today , on the freo line tomorrow best # ever
sydney hostage taker is dead , according to sky news
thank you to the for their courage and for risking their lives for innocent civilians everyday .
the has an alleged religious angle to it involving the world's terrorist-group-dejure and pennsylvania does not
thoughts prayers to all affected by the hostage situation in sydney . it saddens me how terrible people can be to one another
another example why conceal carry is needed in todays world , and why islam is losing its justification for anything good
is over . thank god . thank you australia for and thank you nsw police . :)
that's how you cure cancer folks . cut it out of the host . judicious application of pb chemotherapy to any metastatic lesions
sydney hostage taker is dead , according to sky news
this is a one-off random individual . it's not a concerted terrorism event
the has an alleged religious angle to it involving the world's terrorist-group-dejure and pennsylvania does not
breaking news from sydney siege : two dead heartbreaking :( :( :(
another example why conceal carry is needed in todays world , and why islam is losing its justification for anything good
two dead a few ppl seriously injured but at list it's over now in sydney . am watching live now
that's how you cure cancer folks . cut it out of the host . judicious application of pb chemotherapy to any metastatic lesions
i'm back in the studio with now , with the immediate wash-up of the .join us if , like me , you're sleepless anyway .
this is a one-off random individual . it's not a concerted terrorism event
hhahahahahahaha they're being blamed for what happened in sydney lmao
two dead a few ppl seriously injured but at list it's over now in sydney . am watching live now
australian media are reporting that the gunman , man haron monis , has been killed
i'm back in the studio with now , with the immediate wash-up of the .join us if , like me , you're sleepless anyway .
all my thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of those affected tonight
hhahahahahahaha they're being blamed for what happened in sydney lmao
the media treatment of the sydney situation is full on trauma porn
i haven't even listen to it yet cause of the sydney siege , i'm guessing it's good
i was to young to remember where i was during but will never forget what i was doing whilst the
australian media are reporting that the gunman , man haron monis , has been killed
the sydney siege is over thankgodi pray everyone is safe and well
all my thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of those affected tonight
local media : 3 people appear to escape from martin place , sydney , caf , amid hostage situation -
the media treatment of the sydney situation is full on trauma porn
well done you are expert in keeping us . thank you . a citizen .
i was to young to remember where i was during but will never forget what i was doing whilst the
over w /2 dead inc terrorist . read his criminal background here
the sydney siege is over thankgodi pray everyone is safe and well
local media : 2 more people appear to escape martin place , sydney , caf amid hostage situation ; 5 now free -
local media : 3 people appear to escape from martin place , sydney , caf , amid hostage situation -
there is a difference between muslims , and extremists who use their book as an excuse for terror
well done you are expert in keeping us . thank you . a citizen .
major landmarks in sydney evacuated as police respond to hostage situation at caf in city's martin place -
over w /2 dead inc terrorist . read his criminal background here
reports the hostage-taker was killed in the exchange of gunfire that ended the
local media : 2 more people appear to escape martin place , sydney , caf amid hostage situation ; 5 now free -
huh ? mt downing street is investigating reports that the sydney siege gunman may have been in contact with a previous pm
there is a difference between muslims , and extremists who use their book as an excuse for terror
/ meanwhile in the , gunman kills 5 people in he was former military veteran
major landmarks in sydney evacuated as police respond to hostage situation at caf in city's martin place -
it's all over now . one person has died and the gunman too .
reports the hostage-taker was killed in the exchange of gunfire that ended the
the seperates fact from social media fiction re sydney hostage siege
huh ? mt downing street is investigating reports that the sydney siege gunman may have been in contact with a previous pm
is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition . may the lord be with them .
/ meanwhile in the , gunman kills 5 people in he was former military veteran
2 pronounced dead , 1 civilian and the gunman . it's over
it's all over now . one person has died and the gunman too .
sydney you failed your people by not taking him out earliset time posible .
the seperates fact from social media fiction re sydney hostage siege
hostage crisis ends as police storm sydney cafe , indian techie safe
is over with 2 people reported dead and 3 in serious condition . may the lord be with them .
it's still after 3 a .m. in sydney , so those who went to sleep will awake in a few hours to find out that this did not end peacefully .
2 pronounced dead , 1 civilian and the gunman . it's over
glad the gunman was shot , he doesn't deserve to live . rip to the hostage that lost their life , i hope the rest recover fully . it's scary .
sydney you failed your people by not taking him out earliset time posible .
damn sand monkeys in sydney . obama's family probably
hostage crisis ends as police storm sydney cafe , indian techie safe
so there has been a situation in oz . and , oh , what a suprise . it was a
it's still after 3 a .m. in sydney , so those who went to sleep will awake in a few hours to find out that this did not end peacefully .
it took 17 hours to end the , over 200 girls missing in nigeria and it's taking forever to bring them back
glad the gunman was shot , he doesn't deserve to live . rip to the hostage that lost their life , i hope the rest recover fully . it's scary .
ends after heavily-armed police descend on cafe .
damn sand monkeys in sydney . obama's family probably
i'm shocked to see something like this happen in sydney , but i'm proud of my city for the humane response so far .
so there has been a situation in oz . and , oh , what a suprise . it was a
police storm sydney cafe end 16 -hour hostage drama , 2 may be dead : the police in sydney , australia have storme
it took 17 hours to end the , over 200 girls missing in nigeria and it's taking forever to bring them back
did you hear about sydney :(
ends after heavily-armed police descend on cafe .
just because 5 sos are from sydney doesnt mean they have to tweet about whats going on there
i'm shocked to see something like this happen in sydney , but i'm proud of my city for the humane response so far .
these incidents in australia and here near philly show again the incredible need for mental health treatment availability .
police storm sydney cafe end 16 -hour hostage drama , 2 may be dead : the police in sydney , australia have storme
typical despo jehadi !he was charged with more than 50 allegations of sexual assault !
did you hear about sydney :(
watching the news , and this is just so awful .
just because 5 sos are from sydney doesnt mean they have to tweet about whats going on there
has it been confirmed if there has been any fatalities in sydney ?? and if those injured are going to be ok ?
these incidents in australia and here near philly show again the incredible need for mental health treatment availability .
reports coming out now that the hostage taker is dead but that the second death wasnt due to being shot - but a heart attack .
typical despo jehadi !he was charged with more than 50 allegations of sexual assault !
the siege is now over , 2 have been confirmed dead , no news on if the gunman himself is one who is shot .
watching the news , and this is just so awful .
my throughs go out to the fact . i'll of the one hostage that has been kill
has it been confirmed if there has been any fatalities in sydney ?? and if those injured are going to be ok ?
absolutely disgusting . makes u sick . how can something like this happen here ?
reports coming out now that the hostage taker is dead but that the second death wasnt due to being shot - but a heart attack .
after events in sydney , you need to take a long hard look at the uk's national security . even more so than what you are doing
the siege is now over , 2 have been confirmed dead , no news on if the gunman himself is one who is shot .
= best hashtag . thoughts are with today . from washington , dc .
my throughs go out to the fact . i'll of the one hostage that has been kill
i think it is high time , we get to the root cause of terrorism and deal with it objectively .
absolutely disgusting . makes u sick . how can something like this happen here ?
is a promising sign to counter religious hatred . hope ground-realities mirror this spirit post the .
after events in sydney , you need to take a long hard look at the uk's national security . even more so than what you are doing
never truly appreciated how bloody insensitive and stupid people can make themselves look on twitter until now and this sydney situation !!!
= best hashtag . thoughts are with today . from washington , dc .
odd to think that 2 peaceful countries like canada and austraila have ended up with terror over the few months with now
i think it is high time , we get to the root cause of terrorism and deal with it objectively .
- the sydney siege is terrifying , but fight the hate and the reprisals that could come after it !
is a promising sign to counter religious hatred . hope ground-realities mirror this spirit post the .
i'm glad the has ended , its sad that 2 people had to lose their lives
never truly appreciated how bloody insensitive and stupid people can make themselves look on twitter until now and this sydney situation !!!
this sums up my feed all night . contradictions
odd to think that 2 peaceful countries like canada and austraila have ended up with terror over the few months with now
alum talks senate torture report sydney hostage situation on
- the sydney siege is terrifying , but fight the hate and the reprisals that could come after it !
dont lie , ur describing his former bio , recently he turned a new leaf , a full fledged isis supporting sunni jihadi
i'm glad the has ended , its sad that 2 people had to lose their lives
omg just hearing about the , poor people involved
this sums up my feed all night . contradictions
why would u take a selfie during a hostage situation ? think before u act .
alum talks senate torture report sydney hostage situation on
beauty of a community seen in sydney !!! what a faith no one has got right to live i hate this if you plz rt bcz i love
dont lie , ur describing his former bio , recently he turned a new leaf , a full fledged isis supporting sunni jihadi
sydney rescue operation reminded the helplessness of then bjp government in handling indian plane hijack to kandhar .
omg just hearing about the , poor people involved
sydney siege :what is nd how is it helpingaustralians feel safe shows us wht mature society is all abt
beauty of a community seen in sydney !!! what a faith no one has got right to live i hate this if you plz rt bcz i love
sydney cafe hostage situation over after 16 hours : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after offi
sydney rescue operation reminded the helplessness of then bjp government in handling indian plane hijack to kandhar .
really sad that one of the hostages was apparently killed . i hope it's not true
sydney siege :what is nd how is it helpingaustralians feel safe shows us wht mature society is all abt
and thankfully , illegal arms trade only happens in the movies and tv . it isn't real . *whew*
this hostage man ,haron monis was an idiot ! how can u keep 21 hostages by yourself !didn't plan
i am not in such kind of lame debate .go read gita ,and find me that verse which i asked you to find first .#sydneysiege
sydney cafe hostage situation over after 16 hours : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after offi
making great necessary points about alleged gunman ,his past , lack of link to terrorist group meaning of the flag
really sad that one of the hostages was apparently killed . i hope it's not true
i don't think an act of terrorism or in this case , an act of sheer stupidity and attention seeking can rattle the australians .
and thankfully , illegal arms trade only happens in the movies and tv . it isn't real . *whew*
so good to see all the hostages have been rescued in sydney , terrifying
i am not in such kind of lame debate .go read gita ,and find me that verse which i asked you to find first .#sydneysiege
how heartbreaking that someone went out this morning , witnessed such terrifying events and didn't make it home . so awful .
making great necessary points about alleged gunman ,his past , lack of link to terrorist group meaning of the flag
our prayers with the victims and ppl of aussie
i don't think an act of terrorism or in this case , an act of sheer stupidity and attention seeking can rattle the australians .
so the guy was frustrated he had the wrong flag ? that's in addition to his sexual frustration .
so good to see all the hostages have been rescued in sydney , terrifying
he is lunatic , sexual offender , a gunman but not terrorist
how heartbreaking that someone went out this morning , witnessed such terrifying events and didn't make it home . so awful .
the shift of sympathy away from real victims to hypothetical ones set a world speed record in
our prayers with the victims and ppl of aussie
comrades , let's focus on turning the into a story about fears of an islamophobic backlashfast
so the guy was frustrated he had the wrong flag ? that's in addition to his sexual frustration .
is there such a thing as a competent government anywhere on this planet ?#sydneysiege
he is lunatic , sexual offender , a gunman but not terrorist
hi kevin , uber trips out of the sydney cbd were free today to help riders get home safely . see
the shift of sympathy away from real victims to hypothetical ones set a world speed record in
deaths : 2 confirmed deathsnon-fatal injuries : 3 seriously injured
comrades , let's focus on turning the into a story about fears of an islamophobic backlashfast
cnn reporting 2 deaths in . no word on whether hostage , gunman or police .
is there such a thing as a competent government anywhere on this planet ?#sydneysiege
praying for everyone in sydney , and especially those affected . my heart goes out to them .
hi kevin , uber trips out of the sydney cbd were free today to help riders get home safely . see
i personally think the hashtag is fantastic . islam does not , and will never , directly mean islamic extremism .
deaths : 2 confirmed deathsnon-fatal injuries : 3 seriously injured
cnn just said the hostage taker in sydney practiced black magic . really ? that's a credible element to report ? .
cnn reporting 2 deaths in . no word on whether hostage , gunman or police .
relieved to hear that the sydney hostage situation is over . unfortunately , several fatalities but hoping that one of them was the gunman .
i personally think the hashtag is fantastic . islam does not , and will never , directly mean islamic extremism .
ahmazing stuff happening - sydney justproves social netwrks are amagic way 2 amplify unitycreate solidarity amongstall
relieved to hear that the sydney hostage situation is over . unfortunately , several fatalities but hoping that one of them was the gunman .
unbelievable . nimrod is the rebel . belus is the friend . it comes down the pike if you're profane or adept
nigeria buzz (entertainment news , hot gossip ): free at last ! gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe st
sydney siege - two dead , three seriously injured as police storm cafe
ahmazing stuff happening - sydney justproves social netwrks are amagic way 2 amplify unitycreate solidarity amongstall
man haron monis is sickest man alive on the planet ! damn ! it's way too gross to understand such people .
unbelievable . nimrod is the rebel . belus is the friend . it comes down the pike if you're profane or adept
heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , where a gunman identified as an iranian refugee had be
sydney siege - two dead , three seriously injured as police storm cafe
australian tv reports 2 dead-gunman 1 hostage . sydney cafe stormed by aussie army commando unit .
man haron monis is sickest man alive on the planet ! damn ! it's way too gross to understand such people .
: hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after cafe siege viafantastic !
australian tv reports 2 dead-gunman 1 hostage . sydney cafe stormed by aussie army commando unit .
good news coming from australia after a day long hostage at martin cafe . ended by
: hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after cafe siege viafantastic !
i just heard that the siege in sydney is now finally over . hope that everyone is well and no one was injured
video : watch the moment police storm lindt cafe in via
2 dead (including the gunman ),3 critically injured
australian commandos have stormed a cafe in sydney , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an iranian refugee .
ambulances ferry several injured from sydney hostage cafe - afp (via astroawani ipad app )
good news coming from australia after a day long hostage at martin cafe . ended by
why is the gunman even allowed bail .. isis is a million making organisation , any one connection /relation can lead to a disaster
i just heard that the siege in sydney is now finally over . hope that everyone is well and no one was injured
it was 2 people who died and the gunman wasn't one of them they only list the 2 hostages who died
2 dead (including the gunman ),3 critically injured
report : up to 5 , barricaded in connected county shootings - dec 15 am et
ambulances ferry several injured from sydney hostage cafe - afp (via astroawani ipad app )
juliette kayyem on really knows her stuff . tells it like it is does not overplay it for tv (unusual for an american )
why is the gunman even allowed bail .. isis is a million making organisation , any one connection /relation can lead to a disaster
security forces storm sydney hostage cafe australian security forces stormed the cafe where several hostages wer
it was 2 people who died and the gunman wasn't one of them they only list the 2 hostages who died
you'll ride with them today and they will kill ya family tomorrow .
report : up to 5 , barricaded in connected county shootings - dec 15 am et
whatever happened in sydney is scary . however , i think sometimes such incidents unite people together .
juliette kayyem on really knows her stuff . tells it like it is does not overplay it for tv (unusual for an american )
mr . president our need more air power , good equipment and food /medical supplies make it clear
security forces storm sydney hostage cafe australian security forces stormed the cafe where several hostages wer
most of the coverage of the has been awful . racist , sensationalist and giving the kidnapper the platform he wanted .
mr . president our need more air power , good equipment and food /medical supplies make it clear
sydney : teaching the world how to respond with humanity .
most of the coverage of the has been awful . racist , sensationalist and giving the kidnapper the platform he wanted .
such a sad end to the even sadder it happened in australia
from : two killed in one believed to be the gunman .our thoughts are with the other persons family .
breaking : the gunman man monis sought political asylum in australia in the 1990 s after fleeing iran
reports are saying 2 dead and 3 injured from the martin place cafe siege in sydney i hope all innocent people r or will be ok
if terrorism has no religion , then islam is also no religion .
sydney : teaching the world how to respond with humanity .
this type of events make us stronger , not weaker .
such a sad end to the even sadder it happened in australia
australia police should been braised , the australia police are heroes , prime ministers should be proud of them officers
breaking : the gunman man monis sought political asylum in australia in the 1990 s after fleeing iran
makes me sad that people are more interested in keeping up with the kardashians than keeping up with current events . praying for sydney .
if terrorism has no religion , then islam is also no religion .
i've walked past the cafe in sydney where the hostage situation was held two years ago crazy
this type of events make us stronger , not weaker .
my prayers are with the victims of their families . i strongly condemn such cowardly act of terrorism .
australia police should been braised , the australia police are heroes , prime ministers should be proud of them officers
it's been a day of hostage and captivity . from sydney in australia to ghent in belgium . really depressing .
i've walked past the cafe in sydney where the hostage situation was held two years ago crazy
my thoughts , love , concern is with the family of the unfortunate victim who has been killed during . dreadful . :(
my prayers are with the victims of their families . i strongly condemn such cowardly act of terrorism .
and thats how it's done !!!! wish the brittish would take a leaf out of australians book and grow a pair of balls
it's been a day of hostage and captivity . from sydney in australia to ghent in belgium . really depressing .
so thankful for such an amazing police force and an incredible country to live in
my thoughts , love , concern is with the family of the unfortunate victim who has been killed during . dreadful . :(
religion espousing peace needs bombs , bullets and guns to protect its existence . is it this peace which the religion teaches .
and thats how it's done !!!! wish the brittish would take a leaf out of australians book and grow a pair of balls
people are mad at 5 sos for promoting their album bc of what's going on in sydney ? i hope you realise it's probably management tweeting
so thankful for such an amazing police force and an incredible country to live in
the has been very surreal to read about . my team and i used to go there regularly for afternoon coffee and chocolates
sydney siege : police storm cafe in dramatic end to hostage standoff [sale ]
islamophobia isn't only happening in , so anyone in , , , etc is encouraged to help with
religion espousing peace needs bombs , bullets and guns to protect its existence . is it this peace which the religion teaches .
i don't know how's the situation there in sydney . can somebody inform me ?
people are mad at 5 sos for promoting their album bc of what's going on in sydney ? i hope you realise it's probably management tweeting
at least it's over in sydney . may the survivors heal from this ; they have a long road .
the has been very surreal to read about . my team and i used to go there regularly for afternoon coffee and chocolates
not isis related ..and there's no evidence the gunman is dead .
islamophobia isn't only happening in , so anyone in , , , etc is encouraged to help with
something positive and lovely coming out of the
i don't know how's the situation there in sydney . can somebody inform me ?
surely he would have done this with a spoon or pencil .
at least it's over in sydney . may the survivors heal from this ; they have a long road .
so sad to hear about the thing in sydney ,so hope everyone's okay and maybe one day the world won't be so fucked up .
not isis related ..and there's no evidence the gunman is dead .
saddened to learn one of the innocent hostages has been killed . heart goes out to their loved ones .god bless .
something positive and lovely coming out of the
video from a journalist of hostages fleeing scene of martin place
surely he would have done this with a spoon or pencil .
two dead , three seriously wounded
saddened to learn one of the innocent hostages has been killed . heart goes out to their loved ones .god bless .
over according to nsw police 2 confirmed dead , including gunman
video from a journalist of hostages fleeing scene of martin place
it's only right that the hostage taker be one of the dead . if only he was the first
two dead , three seriously wounded
what the fuck has actually happened in sydney . hope the rumoured deaths are not true .
thoughts and prayers are with those affected in the sydney seige .
indian techie viswakanth ankireddy rescued cafe
over according to nsw police 2 confirmed dead , including gunman
need a referendum on boomerang control down under . according to charlton heston if just 1 hostage had a boomerang on them
it's only right that the hostage taker be one of the dead . if only he was the first
things like this shouldn't happen here . things like this shouldn't happen anywhere . spread love , we are all people
what the fuck has actually happened in sydney . hope the rumoured deaths are not true .
good night india ! shubh ratri bharat . happy over ,that too at primetime tv . experts bore .
indian techie viswakanth ankireddy rescued cafe
watching the ottawa shooting in australia then now watching the sydney shooting in canada .. you really see how the world reacts !
need a referendum on boomerang control down under . according to charlton heston if just 1 hostage had a boomerang on them
kudos to the police personnel in sydney , australia who did their best in taking down the hostage taker during a hurl of gunfire .
things like this shouldn't happen here . things like this shouldn't happen anywhere . spread love , we are all people
who is sheikh haron , the sydney siege suspect ?
good night india ! shubh ratri bharat . happy over ,that too at primetime tv . experts bore .
newsfirst_en : two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends .
watching the ottawa shooting in australia then now watching the sydney shooting in canada .. you really see how the world reacts !
only two ideologies , hindutva and zionism talks about wiping out terrorism . others are busy in secularism , liberalism .#sydneysiege
kudos to the police personnel in sydney , australia who did their best in taking down the hostage taker during a hurl of gunfire .
the terrorist is dead according to reuters but sadly one other fatality .
who is sheikh haron , the sydney siege suspect ?
police have done a terrific job and should be commended
newsfirst_en : two people killed and three in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends .
my condolences to anyone affected by the . glad to see it end and confident australia will rise above terrorism .
only two ideologies , hindutva and zionism talks about wiping out terrorism . others are busy in secularism , liberalism .#sydneysiege
appears 2 people killed during the 1 being the gunman ,the other a hostage the gunman shot down , thoughts with hostages families
the terrorist is dead according to reuters but sadly one other fatality .
i get that 5 sos haven't tweeted about the sydney siege but honestly they probably aren't the only australians who haven't
police have done a terrific job and should be commended
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today -
my condolences to anyone affected by the . glad to see it end and confident australia will rise above terrorism .
hikes prices amid hostage crisis , offers free rides after outcry via
appears 2 people killed during the 1 being the gunman ,the other a hostage the gunman shot down , thoughts with hostages families
so the siege is over and 2 are dead saying one is the gunman , bloody hope so !!
i get that 5 sos haven't tweeted about the sydney siege but honestly they probably aren't the only australians who haven't
it's terrifying to think that situations like the can happen anywhere , anytime . thoughts are with everyone involved .
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today -
man haron monis asked pd for an flag . if he's an uber terrorist , i think he could have gotten his hands on one
hikes prices amid hostage crisis , offers free rides after outcry via
bbc live page : australian commandos storm sydney cafe after 16 -hour siege in which a gunman took hostages
so the siege is over and 2 are dead saying one is the gunman , bloody hope so !!
intense video shows some of the hostages fleeing the cafe earlier today (via
it's terrifying to think that situations like the can happen anywhere , anytime . thoughts are with everyone involved .
sad to hear what's happened in sydney , but fantastic job by the police force .
man haron monis asked pd for an flag . if he's an uber terrorist , i think he could have gotten his hands on one
sending love to sydney and all australians from nyc . i wish i were there because for sure !!!
bbc live page : australian commandos storm sydney cafe after 16 -hour siege in which a gunman took hostages
well done australia ,that's the way to treat terrorists ,if they live by the gun let them die by the gun .
intense video shows some of the hostages fleeing the cafe earlier today (via
sydney hostage drama : trends worldwide sydney , i love you . i have nothing to do with all this :(
sad to hear what's happened in sydney , but fantastic job by the police force .
respect admiration for police emergency services involved today . everyday heroes . + aussie responses with
sending love to sydney and all australians from nyc . i wish i were there because for sure !!!
just to be clear on the sydney hostage situation : i wanted to point out some facts that i think al
well done australia ,that's the way to treat terrorists ,if they live by the gun let them die by the gun .
details emerge about man named as gunman :
respect admiration for police emergency services involved today . everyday heroes . + aussie responses with
can't imagine what the anxiety must feel like in sydney as the siege reaches its end , but inspired by citizens ' response (#illridewithyou)
just to be clear on the sydney hostage situation : i wanted to point out some facts that i think al
still no reports on british news about any dead hostages in the
details emerge about man named as gunman :
police storm sydney cafe : source : - monday , december 15, 2014 we will never be able to p
the footage of hostages escaping in sydney is just harrowing . what a world we live in .
i know . i worked in macquarie street . sydney hospital is right there .
can't imagine what the anxiety must feel like in sydney as the siege reaches its end , but inspired by citizens ' response (#illridewithyou)
the nsw police really need to give a quickfire press conference to end all this rot reporting .
police storm sydney cafe : source : - monday , december 15, 2014 we will never be able to p
: gunman man haron among 1 of 2 people killed .
i know . i worked in macquarie street . sydney hospital is right there .
: zero deaths : infinite fucks .1000+ in maharashtra within a week : zero fucks .#indiaisgreat
the nsw police really need to give a quickfire press conference to end all this rot reporting .
confused about the lead the world in creating a peaceful society free of guns how could this happen ?
news reports believe the gunman is dead
mam , aren't you watching sydney breaking news ?
: gunman man haron among 1 of 2 people killed .
love and hugs and thoughts being sent to everyone involved directly with the
: zero deaths : infinite fucks .1000+ in maharashtra within a week : zero fucks .#indiaisgreat
sydney live : lindt chocolate cafe siege ends after 16 hours of hostage drama ; two shot
confused about the lead the world in creating a peaceful society free of guns how could this happen ?
someone should make a film of how the australian police handled the whole rescue mission at the cafe .#sydneysiege
mam , aren't you watching sydney breaking news ?
final hostages flee as comes to an end :
love and hugs and thoughts being sent to everyone involved directly with the
i am immensely proud to be an australian during tough times like this .
sydney live : lindt chocolate cafe siege ends after 16 hours of hostage drama ; two shot
have they said anything about a public announcement from the police yet ?
someone should make a film of how the australian police handled the whole rescue mission at the cafe .#sydneysiege
what a sad day for the innocent victims . what has he achieved ??
final hostages flee as comes to an end :
two people confirmed dead as the comes to an end . one the gunman , the other an innocent life .
i am immensely proud to be an australian during tough times like this .
a sister took her in , allah is the best of planners
have they said anything about a public announcement from the police yet ?
the moment hostages flee sydney siege via
what a sad day for the innocent victims . what has he achieved ??
hope none of the hostages were injured and that they got the bastard !
two people confirmed dead as the comes to an end . one the gunman , the other an innocent life .
gunman 'notorious for violence ': a man who took up to 20 people hostage in a sydney cafe has been named as ira
a sister took her in , allah is the best of planners
stay strong sydney ! never let this terrorism b .s. tear your country apart divide your countrymen like it has here in the u .s.
hope none of the hostages were injured and that they got the bastard !
sydney hostage taker killed at end of siege : reports
gunman 'notorious for violence ': a man who took up to 20 people hostage in a sydney cafe has been named as ira
away from , someone stop the medical terrorists !!a shocking report has just hit the interwebs
stay strong sydney ! never let this terrorism b .s. tear your country apart divide your countrymen like it has here in the u .s.
rt at least two killed as police end sydney hostage siege - tv report
i only just saw harry's tweet about sydney
over : police storm cafe , gunman said to have been killed , 4 injured
sydney hostage taker killed at end of siege : reports
a man is murdered in edmonton by youths as young as 13 were more concerned about a hostage situation in sydney lol
away from , someone stop the medical terrorists !!a shocking report has just hit the interwebs
sick ! why a hostage situation is neither the time nor place for selfies ..
rt at least two killed as police end sydney hostage siege - tv report
it's hard to go to bed knowing a hostage has been killed and others are critically injured . my heart goes out to all of them .
over : police storm cafe , gunman said to have been killed , 4 injured
news alert | the indian it professional , who was among the hostages in sydney cafe , came out safe and he is ok : father ishwar reddy
a man is murdered in edmonton by youths as young as 13 were more concerned about a hostage situation in sydney lol
not taking the bus today , but almost wish i was so i could feel like i was riding along with today .
it's hard to go to bed knowing a hostage has been killed and others are critically injured . my heart goes out to all of them .
sad day , thoughts to all the families involved and ex hostages
news alert | the indian it professional , who was among the hostages in sydney cafe , came out safe and he is ok : father ishwar reddy
thanks god is over ! hope everything get well !
not taking the bus today , but almost wish i was so i could feel like i was riding along with today .
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , aus
will the coverage of the sydney hostage situation will place on the back burner today ?
news alert in pennsylvania 5 people are dead after shooting the gunman is on the loose ! breakin now !
sad day , thoughts to all the families involved and ex hostages
good to know the siege in is over . my heart goes out to the hostages , their families and the muslim community .
thanks god is over ! hope everything get well !
hi there , uber trips out of the sydney cbd were free today to help riders get home safely . see
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , aus
whether or not the gun man is one of the two that are dead isn't confirmed .
news alert in pennsylvania 5 people are dead after shooting the gunman is on the loose ! breakin now !
just because one man did this horrific act doesn't mean nor result in such prejudice on the whole religion .
good to know the siege in is over . my heart goes out to the hostages , their families and the muslim community .
a great lesson to learn from - . humanity is still alive .
hi there , uber trips out of the sydney cbd were free today to help riders get home safely . see
sydney : sydney : sex the city the music :
just because one man did this horrific act doesn't mean nor result in such prejudice on the whole religion .
apparently just confirmed , one of the two who are apparently dead is the gunman .
a great lesson to learn from - . humanity is still alive .
highest level inquiry now needed as australian demand answers
sydney : sydney : sex the city the music :
people ignoring the bigger picture and the disaster by being happy they're not in sydney + that only ashton tweeted about it
gunman sheik man haron monis one of the two who died in the . get live updates here :
my god , uber . turning on surge pricing to get people away from a hostage sitution ? just crazy :
apparently just confirmed , one of the two who are apparently dead is the gunman .
video shows final moments of sydney cafe siege - carsonscottlive
highest level inquiry now needed as australian demand answers
: lessons to learn from newextremism full report here waiting for roy trailer
people ignoring the bigger picture and the disaster by being happy they're not in sydney + that only ashton tweeted about it
ends with gunman killed , hostages freed . i'm sure you've seen the movie . and the other one .
my god , uber . turning on surge pricing to get people away from a hostage sitution ? just crazy :
if this happened as kids we would have gone ape crap . the gunman is now shark food due to his religion .
video shows final moments of sydney cafe siege - carsonscottlive
editor's note : sky news is reporting that the sydney hostage taker is among 2 dead after police stormed the cafe
: lessons to learn from newextremism full report here waiting for roy trailer
video : a guardian journalist captured this scene of hostages fleeing the sydney cafe - youtube's bill code
ends with gunman killed , hostages freed . i'm sure you've seen the movie . and the other one .
i think i'm addicted to chocolate this chocolate has me hostage
if this happened as kids we would have gone ape crap . the gunman is now shark food due to his religion .
two die as swat commandos storm cafe to bring siege to an end : via
editor's note : sky news is reporting that the sydney hostage taker is among 2 dead after police stormed the cafe
2 confirmed dead from cardiac arrest 1 is possibly gunman , 3 seriously injured
video : a guardian journalist captured this scene of hostages fleeing the sydney cafe - youtube's bill code
the world is going insane the past 24 hoursstandoff in sydney hostage situation in belgium and now apparently 5 shooting deaths in philly
i think i'm addicted to chocolate this chocolate has me hostage
wait so is it the gunman 1 hostage deadi'm so confused . when someone hears from abc please tell me
two die as swat commandos storm cafe to bring siege to an end : via
praying for sydney , everyone please stay save
the world is going insane the past 24 hoursstandoff in sydney hostage situation in belgium and now apparently 5 shooting deaths in philly
truly appreciate clarifying the shahada flag not necessarily an expression of terrorism , deeming an 'isolated act '.
wait so is it the gunman 1 hostage deadi'm so confused . when someone hears from abc please tell me
around 15 people were held hostage in a coffee ship in sydney earlier today , and there was a islamic flag , sounds confusing +
praying for sydney , everyone please stay save
incredible pictures coming from . thankgod the drama is over now .
its over now reports 2 dead including the gunman
sydney opera house on its readiness game . evacuation /cancellation measures activated . protect that beautiful centre !
truly appreciate clarifying the shahada flag not necessarily an expression of terrorism , deeming an 'isolated act '.
religion must not be blamed for such act of terror . scholars shd ensure safeguarding religion from such misdirection . 1 /2
around 15 people were held hostage in a coffee ship in sydney earlier today , and there was a islamic flag , sounds confusing +
it's a good thing australia has those strict gun laws , that gunman may have used a gun .
incredible pictures coming from . thankgod the drama is over now .
shooting in philadelphiahostage situation in sydneywhat is happening to the world it's so chaotic and i cant even do a thing about it ugh
sydney opera house on its readiness game . evacuation /cancellation measures activated . protect that beautiful centre !
vishwakant ankireddy pushpendu ghosh are 2 indian hostage rescued from sydney cafe
religion must not be blamed for such act of terror . scholars shd ensure safeguarding religion from such misdirection . 1 /2
at least 5 dead in montgomery county shootings ; gunman barricaded |
shooting in philadelphiahostage situation in sydneywhat is happening to the world it's so chaotic and i cant even do a thing about it ugh
just leaked in crisis : gunman is dead , but so is one of the hostages , who remains unnamed at the moment .
at least 5 dead in montgomery county shootings ; gunman barricaded |
wish the sick fuck was caught alive so he could have a more fitting punishment . my heart goes out to the one who fell in the
with what local law enforcement knew about the gunman , it's hard to see why they take him out .
ummmm embarrassing cambria is the capitol of australia , not sydney !!!! your newsroom cutbacks are showing smh !
just leaked in crisis : gunman is dead , but so is one of the hostages , who remains unnamed at the moment .
damn presbyterians ! now he's with his 72 nancy pelosi look-alike virgins
wish the sick fuck was caught alive so he could have a more fitting punishment . my heart goes out to the one who fell in the
nsw police confirmed siege is overlive :
ummmm embarrassing cambria is the capitol of australia , not sydney !!!! your newsroom cutbacks are showing smh !
breaking news . christian military veteran killed 5 people in usa .
damn presbyterians ! now he's with his 72 nancy pelosi look-alike virgins
i'm a muslim and these terrorists doesn't represent me or any other muslim ..
cingratulations 2 sydney police 4 successfull resque operation
alert : video shows final moments of sydney cafe siege - carsonscottlive
nsw police confirmed siege is overlive :
alert : editor's note : sky news is reporting that the sydney hostage taker is among 2 dead after police stormed the cafe . we will update w
breaking news . christian military veteran killed 5 people in usa .
thoughts and prayers are with those injured . poor souls . thank god its over now
i'm a muslim and these terrorists doesn't represent me or any other muslim ..
alert : photo : sydney's martin place still locked down after police stormed lindt cafe - brendantrembath
alert : video shows final moments of sydney cafe siege - carsonscottlive
australians rally on social media to fight islamophobia with in wake of
alert : editor's note : sky news is reporting that the sydney hostage taker is among 2 dead after police stormed the cafe . we will update w
alert : video : a guardian journalist captured this scene of hostages fleeing the sydney cafe - youtube's bill code
thoughts and prayers are with those injured . poor souls . thank god its over now
uber used surge pricing to charge people fleeing the sydney hostage crisis :
alert : photo : sydney's martin place still locked down after police stormed lindt cafe - brendantrembath
gunman 'notorious for violence ': sheikh man haron monis is notorious in australia for send
australians rally on social media to fight islamophobia with in wake of
the justice system is a joke ! this guy shouldn't have been allowed out in public .
alert : video : a guardian journalist captured this scene of hostages fleeing the sydney cafe - youtube's bill code
two dead as comes to an end in police storm .
uber used surge pricing to charge people fleeing the sydney hostage crisis :
breaking : at least two people , including gunman reported dead after hostage situation in sydney
gunman 'notorious for violence ': sheikh man haron monis is notorious in australia for send
gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed : police armed with automatic weapons throw flash
the justice system is a joke ! this guy shouldn't have been allowed out in public .
jabah al-nusra blamed for australian cafe hostage situation
two dead as comes to an end in police storm .
condolences to the hostage that died today . as for the trash monis he can rot in hell .
breaking : at least two people , including gunman reported dead after hostage situation in sydney
nope . no faith in humanity anymore smh
gunfire and blasts as sydney cafe stormed : police armed with automatic weapons throw flash
downright predatory : turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene -
jabah al-nusra blamed for australian cafe hostage situation
i am waiting for some religious leader to claim events like happen because god is angry at gay marriages .
condolences to the hostage that died today . as for the trash monis he can rot in hell .
- stop showing the photo of the islamic lunatic responsible for the situation in sydney . we do not need to see his evil face .
nope . no faith in humanity anymore smh
also assuming our f *ck ed humanity will now be attempting to take selfies with all the injured people behind them .
downright predatory : turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene -
a shame you didn't go into the cafe in sydney to tell the guy that . and poor jerry joe kane . :/
i am waiting for some religious leader to claim events like happen because god is angry at gay marriages .
polisi sydney serbu masuk ke kafe :sydney siege - police storm building after shots fired loud band -
- stop showing the photo of the islamic lunatic responsible for the situation in sydney . we do not need to see his evil face .
awe and respect from the uk to all the sydney hashtaggers today . you are an example to us all . thank you
also assuming our f *ck ed humanity will now be attempting to take selfies with all the injured people behind them .
my thoughts are with everyone in sydney at the moment , especially those being held hostage . praying they get out safely .xx
a shame you didn't go into the cafe in sydney to tell the guy that . and poor jerry joe kane . :/
- 21 hostages in total - 7 escaped throughout day /night- approx . 9 inside when police stormed cafe - reports
polisi sydney serbu masuk ke kafe :sydney siege - police storm building after shots fired loud band -
live video : hostage situation in central cafe -
awe and respect from the uk to all the sydney hashtaggers today . you are an example to us all . thank you
the whole world has come together on this day
my thoughts are with everyone in sydney at the moment , especially those being held hostage . praying they get out safely .xx
if the sydney hostage-taker was indeed iranian , a connection to isis would be very odd .
- 21 hostages in total - 7 escaped throughout day /night- approx . 9 inside when police stormed cafe - reports
7, cnn , and sky running with 2 dead . newscorp and reuters citing sky . abc , fairfax not running it .
live video : hostage situation in central cafe -
i thought australia had a very strict immigration policy . what went wrong ?#sydneysiege
the whole world has come together on this day
has ended . follow for updates or watch live online
if the sydney hostage-taker was indeed iranian , a connection to isis would be very odd .
please don't ever tell me again muslim is peaceful , fucking cowards
7, cnn , and sky running with 2 dead . newscorp and reuters citing sky . abc , fairfax not running it .
video : armed police seen 'throwing stun grenades ' into cafe
i thought australia had a very strict immigration policy . what went wrong ?#sydneysiege
the assailant is like god ram of india arrested recently on rape charges .
has ended . follow for updates or watch live online
i think we should all thank the sydney police ! this could of been so much worse !
please don't ever tell me again muslim is peaceful , fucking cowards
cant believe people are busy taking selfies by the building where the is
video : armed police seen 'throwing stun grenades ' into cafe
best that can be said is that it could've been a lot worse , this stuff never ends well , thoughts with australia and families .
the assailant is like god ram of india arrested recently on rape charges .
australian officials on sydney hostage seige | the new york timesthe police commissio click retweet 2 share
cant believe people are busy taking selfies by the building where the is
rt : hostage taker killed at end of siege : reports
best that can be said is that it could've been a lot worse , this stuff never ends well , thoughts with australia and families .
thank god is over . barely a few months ago , i was walking down martins place , sitting in one of the cafes , taking photographs ..
australian officials on sydney hostage seige | the new york timesthe police commissio click retweet 2 share
terror has no religion cuz the peaceful sydney man asked for the shubh laabh insignia to be displayed on the windows in exchange 4 hostages .
police storm cafe in sydney to end hostage standoff a refugee ! aussies let him in . new citzen ! we need more like him .
sydney siege over : gunman killed , two hostages dead , 3 injured : police swooped into the lindt chocolat cafe sh
rt : hostage taker killed at end of siege : reports
abc news : sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe .
thank god is over . barely a few months ago , i was walking down martins place , sitting in one of the cafes , taking photographs ..
police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege : heavily armed police in sydney stormed a cafe where an armed man said to be a self-pro
terror has no religion cuz the peaceful sydney man asked for the shubh laabh insignia to be displayed on the windows in exchange 4 hostages .
nightvis , laser dot , flashbang , decoy grenade vs arab wid a shotty in d dark ? and 2 ppl are killed and multiple injured ? wownub
abc news : sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe .
the tragic outcome of a long drawn out siege ending in a storming by cops makes one wonder if delays in storming is wise .
police storm cafe to end sydney hostage siege : heavily armed police in sydney stormed a cafe where an armed man said to be a self-pro
news flash : fnc / sky report lindt cafe is closed and will remain closed indefinitely after .masters of the obvious !
nightvis , laser dot , flashbang , decoy grenade vs arab wid a shotty in d dark ? and 2 ppl are killed and multiple injured ? wownub
rip to the poor hostage who passed away , so sad that he just went to get a casual cup of coffee on a monday morning
sydney cafe siege : heavy gunfire breaks out after hostages flee - via
islamist militants iranis rumoured seiged 14 guys at martin place cafe in sydney few moments ago siege ended .no demands public
the tragic outcome of a long drawn out siege ending in a storming by cops makes one wonder if delays in storming is wise .
has concluded . the specifics are unclear , but it is finally over ! will always prevail
news flash : fnc / sky report lindt cafe is closed and will remain closed indefinitely after .masters of the obvious !
[alert] at least two killed as police end sydney hostage siege - tv report [afp]
rip to the poor hostage who passed away , so sad that he just went to get a casual cup of coffee on a monday morning
there are multiple reports in australian media that the gunman is believed to be dead . this is still unconfirmed .
islamist militants iranis rumoured seiged 14 guys at martin place cafe in sydney few moments ago siege ended .no demands public
oh god , that 5 sos dont tweet about sydney doesnt mean they dont care .
has concluded . the specifics are unclear , but it is finally over ! will always prevail
just said it must be summer in sydney .
[alert] at least two killed as police end sydney hostage siege - tv report [afp]
if the female victims of 40 counts of aggravated sex assault were white , would the judge still have granted sydney cafe hostage-taker bail ?
there are multiple reports in australian media that the gunman is believed to be dead . this is still unconfirmed .
i'm just really hearing about this story in sydney this stuff is really crazy sounding
oh god , that 5 sos dont tweet about sydney doesnt mean they dont care .
local australian police saying that the sydney cafe siege is now over after 16 + hours
if the female victims of 40 counts of aggravated sex assault were white , would the judge still have granted sydney cafe hostage-taker bail ?
find any biz news video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , austr
i'm just really hearing about this story in sydney this stuff is really crazy sounding
brought to a premature end at almost 2 am :
well done to the aussie commandos who ended the siege in sydney - few hostages injured but all seem to be ok
now : at least 2 dead in via citing television news report .
find any biz news video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , austr
cnn : cpr being performed on at least 2 after sydney siege , which has now ended , australia's abc reports
brought to a premature end at almost 2 am :
man haron monis , seems to be an outcome of an outrage against oppression !
qui radio londra : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
after just what happen in sydney i want people to carry there guns
now : at least 2 dead in via citing television news report .
slideshow : amazing images of hostages held by gunman in sydney cafe :
cnn : cpr being performed on at least 2 after sydney siege , which has now ended , australia's abc reports
top story : sydney cafe siege updates - bbc news see more
man haron monis , seems to be an outcome of an outrage against oppression !
breaking : security forces storm sydney cafe , fate of gunman unknown
after just what happen in sydney i want people to carry there guns
i'm watching channel 9 news and they just said they could confirm two people have died one being the gunman :/
slideshow : amazing images of hostages held by gunman in sydney cafe :
so proud of our aussie police esp . as horrifically as this has ended , it could have been so much worse
top story : sydney cafe siege updates - bbc news see more
..my cousin there (ch 7 ) he said trg had no choice but 2 storm building as gunman opened fire on hostages when last few
breaking : security forces storm sydney cafe , fate of gunman unknown
i suppose the american media doesn't want us to know about the muslim hostage /terrorist attack in sydney . damn towel heads .
i'm watching channel 9 news and they just said they could confirm two people have died one being the gunman :/
(ywn) heavily armed police storm sydney cafe , several more hostages flee , 2 dead 3 seriously injured : police s
so proud of our aussie police esp . as horrifically as this has ended , it could have been so much worse
thoughts and prayers with the hostages and security forces involved in
..my cousin there (ch 7 ) he said trg had no choice but 2 storm building as gunman opened fire on hostages when last few
prayers go out to all affected by the tragic seige in sydney .
i suppose the american media doesn't want us to know about the muslim hostage /terrorist attack in sydney . damn towel heads .
update : sydney hostage taker killed at end of siege : reports
(ywn) heavily armed police storm sydney cafe , several more hostages flee , 2 dead 3 seriously injured : police s
it's all over . now let's hope we can confirm everyone makes it out alive , well , nearly everyone
prayers go out to all affected by the tragic seige in sydney .
happy to hear that the is over , my prayers go to the family of the one who didn't survived it !
update : sydney hostage taker killed at end of siege : reports
2 dead (incl terrorist ). 3 seriously injured . says h /today abt .
it's all over . now let's hope we can confirm everyone makes it out alive , well , nearly everyone
(ywn) watch : the moment when police stormed the sydney cafe :
happy to hear that the is over , my prayers go to the family of the one who didn't survived it !
idk what's happening in sydney rn but i'm just so sick of people blaming us muslims for everything bad that happens in the world ..
2 dead (incl terrorist ). 3 seriously injured . says h /today abt .
proud of my country who chose over religion-oriented racism
(ywn) watch : the moment when police stormed the sydney cafe :
3 novices :infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee who was held hostage alo
sky news is reporting that the sydney hostage taker is among 2 dead after police stormed the cafe
been watching this sydney live stream for 3 hours and watched it all go down . my prayers go out to the hostages , injured , and families .
idk what's happening in sydney rn but i'm just so sick of people blaming us muslims for everything bad that happens in the world ..
ahmadiyya muslim youth assoc condemns taking hostages in name of the faith we hold so dear . faith can never rise above humanity
proud of my country who chose over religion-oriented racism
3 novices :police say sydney cafe hostage situation over a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the heart of downtown sydney ear
3 novices :infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys employee who was held hostage alo
uber price surge draws fire amid sydney standoff (
been watching this sydney live stream for 3 hours and watched it all go down . my prayers go out to the hostages , injured , and families .
yeah but i also read something about warnings to not be in sydney during new years ?
ahmadiyya muslim youth assoc condemns taking hostages in name of the faith we hold so dear . faith can never rise above humanity
gunman believed 'dead' in sydney siege - the gunman could be seen pacing back and forth past the cafe's -
3 novices :police say sydney cafe hostage situation over a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the heart of downtown sydney ear
really hope everyone in sydney is ok , absolutely horrific
uber price surge draws fire amid sydney standoff (
3 novices :australian hostage taker named as iranian refugee charged with assault australian security forces on tuesday stormed the sydney
yeah but i also read something about warnings to not be in sydney during new years ?
that's so lame !in the holy book gita krishna says he will kill the non-religious to establish dharma (religion)
gunman believed 'dead' in sydney siege - the gunman could be seen pacing back and forth past the cafe's -
i now read video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , w
really hope everyone in sydney is ok , absolutely horrific
these two days have changed australia's history
3 novices :australian hostage taker named as iranian refugee charged with assault australian security forces on tuesday stormed the sydney
tweets on pause while i drive home from work -- for my safety and everyone else's .
that's so lame !in the holy book gita krishna says he will kill the non-religious to establish dharma (religion)
mein release huae ek matra bhartiya ke liye aur hamari external affairs mantri badhai ke patra hain !
i now read video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , w
a very sad end to the the suspect seems to have been an awful human being who had no intention of a peaceful ending
these two days have changed australia's history
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe : australian security forces on tuesday stormed the sydney cafe
tweets on pause while i drive home from work -- for my safety and everyone else's .
royal commando performance ends the ! hope everone's ok down there :-)
mein release huae ek matra bhartiya ke liye aur hamari external affairs mantri badhai ke patra hain !
rt : : two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman .
a very sad end to the the suspect seems to have been an awful human being who had no intention of a peaceful ending
carol burnett - tim conway conducts at sydney's opera house : via
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe : australian security forces on tuesday stormed the sydney cafe
now what more would you expect from this company ! uber charged 4 times its usual rate during
royal commando performance ends the ! hope everone's ok down there :-)
grant williams - they knew his danger and capacity . his litany charges and horrendous involvements .#sydneysiege
rt : : two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman .
until a death is confirmed i will carry hope in my heart , praying for all those involved
carol burnett - tim conway conducts at sydney's opera house : via
video of police storming sydney cafe live updates here
now what more would you expect from this company ! uber charged 4 times its usual rate during
revealed : gunman holding nine hostages in sydney cafe is a self-styled iranian sheik on bail for ex -
grant williams - they knew his danger and capacity . his litany charges and horrendous involvements .#sydneysiege
dramatic footage as heavily armed police storm cafe and gunshots fired
until a death is confirmed i will carry hope in my heart , praying for all those involved
ppl of diff faiths in australia pray in their own ways with khalifa of islam .
video of police storming sydney cafe live updates here
hi sunshine i really worry about you please do not go to sydney on new years eve just a warning
revealed : gunman holding nine hostages in sydney cafe is a self-styled iranian sheik on bail for ex -
at least two dead after armed cops storm cafe
dramatic footage as heavily armed police storm cafe and gunshots fired
at least two killed as police end sydney hostage siege - tv report via
ppl of diff faiths in australia pray in their own ways with khalifa of islam .
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege via
hi sunshine i really worry about you please do not go to sydney on new years eve just a warning
the dramatic moment heavily armed police stormed the lindt chocolate cafe
at least two dead after armed cops storm cafe
finally ends .unfortunate reports of two casualties . no update of that lunatic gunman .
at least two killed as police end sydney hostage siege - tv report via
sydney siege : hostage-taker named as iranian born cleric : via
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege via
among isis latest demands was too no longer put shrimp on the bar-b because muslims don't eats shrimp .
the dramatic moment heavily armed police stormed the lindt chocolate cafe
god bless all those hostages in sydney ..let all our brothers and sisters of australia be safe .thanks to cops for their effort !!
finally ends .unfortunate reports of two casualties . no update of that lunatic gunman .
the gunman deserved a punishment worse than death
sydney siege : hostage-taker named as iranian born cleric : via
oh thank god those poor hostages have been freed in sydney . have been glued to all day so happy they're safe !
among isis latest demands was too no longer put shrimp on the bar-b because muslims don't eats shrimp .
sending all my love to sydney . horriblesituation stay safe everybody .
god bless all those hostages in sydney ..let all our brothers and sisters of australia be safe .thanks to cops for their effort !!
icymi : is over . latest developments here :
the gunman deserved a punishment worse than death
pushpendu ghosh anki reddy , the 2 indians in the are confirmed safe .
oh thank god those poor hostages have been freed in sydney . have been glued to all day so happy they're safe !
i didn't know about this guys past , he should have been locked up a while ago . he was a disgrace to humanity
sending all my love to sydney . horriblesituation stay safe everybody .
india needs to act against influx of illegal bangladesh immigrants in west bengal .#sydneysiege is a wake up call for the politicians ..
icymi : is over . latest developments here :
australian police announce the end of the siege . reportedly 2 killed and 3 injured
pushpendu ghosh anki reddy , the 2 indians in the are confirmed safe .
over . to australians for the initiative to prevent the muslims from the backlash .
i didn't know about this guys past , he should have been locked up a while ago . he was a disgrace to humanity
video : ap - raw : police storm sydney cafe : heavily armed police have stormed a sydney cafe where hostages wer
india needs to act against influx of illegal bangladesh immigrants in west bengal .#sydneysiege is a wake up call for the politicians ..
sydney siege : gunman reportedly shot dead as police stormed cafe - watch dramatic footage here
australian police announce the end of the siege . reportedly 2 killed and 3 injured
2 dead , 3 people in serious condition after the hostage situation in sydney ends .
over . to australians for the initiative to prevent the muslims from the backlash .
raw : police storm sydney cafe : heavily armed police have stormed a sydney cafe where hostages were being held
sydney siege : gunman reportedly shot dead as police stormed cafe - watch dramatic footage here
i am so sad to watch my city go through that from afar . sydney you stay strong and safe .
2 dead , 3 people in serious condition after the hostage situation in sydney ends .
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , austral (via
raw : police storm sydney cafe : heavily armed police have stormed a sydney cafe where hostages were being held
continuing rolling coverage of . is talking to a sydney resident close to the scene . live now on
video : police storm sydney cafe with heavy gunfire , 2 people confirmed dead : follow the developments from the
ends . watch dramatic video of hostages escaping
i am so sad to watch my city go through that from afar . sydney you stay strong and safe .
two indian nationals who were heldhostage in sydney cafe are safe , saysgovernment
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , austral (via
ni live shot fired tadi aku tengok .
continuing rolling coverage of . is talking to a sydney resident close to the scene . live now on
wondering why no sniper was used today in
ends . watch dramatic video of hostages escaping
thinking of everyone involved in sydney hope all the sf and hostages are safe and well
two indian nationals who were heldhostage in sydney cafe are safe , saysgovernment
this story needs to be about the victims , not about the sick fuck perpetrator . dreadful moment to lose a fellow human being .
ni live shot fired tadi aku tengok .
sleepless night tonight ? just think about the hostages ! they aren't going to be able to sleep for days !
wondering why no sniper was used today in
it's monday ! our house has been captivated by the sydney standoff since last night but we've got to get to work now !
thinking of everyone involved in sydney hope all the sf and hostages are safe and well
police storm lindt cafe in sydney (full video ): police storm lindt cafe in sydney (full video )heavily armo
this story needs to be about the victims , not about the sick fuck perpetrator . dreadful moment to lose a fellow human being .
i'm actually really disappointed that ashton is the only one that said anything
sleepless night tonight ? just think about the hostages ! they aren't going to be able to sleep for days !
situation in sydney is so fucked up it ' unreal , sad stuff like this still happens in our society , good to see sydney sticking together (1)
it's monday ! our house has been captivated by the sydney standoff since last night but we've got to get to work now !
i really need to just stop watching the news . it makes my heart so heavy . praying for those in sydney and pennsylvania . and everywhere else .
police storm lindt cafe in sydney (full video ): police storm lindt cafe in sydney (full video )heavily armo
everyone's raging 5 sos are tweeting about the album not sydney but 1 . it's probably management as always and 2 ashton
i'm actually really disappointed that ashton is the only one that said anything
heartbreaking to see the fallout from the acts of in . today all us send our condolences to
situation in sydney is so fucked up it ' unreal , sad stuff like this still happens in our society , good to see sydney sticking together (1)
some americans using as a pro-guns platform . appalling , tasteless and perverse .
i really need to just stop watching the news . it makes my heart so heavy . praying for those in sydney and pennsylvania . and everywhere else .
it is time to support all of the victims of the while also standing in solidarity with muslims in australia
heartbreaking to see the fallout from the acts of in . today all us send our condolences to
ok so abc said the police haven't confirmed anything on the gunman or the hostages
some americans using as a pro-guns platform . appalling , tasteless and perverse .
now both sky and cnn are reporting that two people have been killed - no confirmation from the agencies or elsewhere
it is time to support all of the victims of the while also standing in solidarity with muslims in australia
there are unconfirmed reports of two dead and three injured after police bring end to
what are 5 sos supposed to say about the sydney siege lmaoo
our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the thank you to the on scene . a job well done !
now both sky and cnn are reporting that two people have been killed - no confirmation from the agencies or elsewhere
massive well done to all sydney police , swat , emt and the general public . a horrible situation for anyone to be
there are unconfirmed reports of two dead and three injured after police bring end to
don't mention the scum , instead , we thank the for their tireless efforts in the face of the . thank you .
our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the thank you to the on scene . a job well done !
this wasn't a very good way to end the year . let's hope 2015 is better .
massive well done to all sydney police , swat , emt and the general public . a horrible situation for anyone to be
5 people flee from sydney cafe
don't mention the scum , instead , we thank the for their tireless efforts in the face of the . thank you .
been watching the since yesterday . terror and hate will never be greater than the love i've seen poured out to au .
this wasn't a very good way to end the year . let's hope 2015 is better .
thank god its over . thanks for your prayers .sydney police confirm hostage siege is over
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named : by lincoln feast and colin packhamsydney (reute
he should have been in gaol a long time ago but the do gooders give him bail that magistrate should be sued by the hostages fam
5 people flee from sydney cafe
yet another political refugee granted asylum has committed a string of sexual assaults murder now an armed siege in sydney
been watching the since yesterday . terror and hate will never be greater than the love i've seen poured out to au .
sydney hostage taker who showed up with wrong isis flag may be the first terrorist to be denounced by both isis and western governments
thank god its over . thanks for your prayers .sydney police confirm hostage siege is over
sheikh butt hole hostage dead . an armed citizenry might have prevented this . remember : islam has nothing to do with this .barf
he should have been in gaol a long time ago but the do gooders give him bail that magistrate should be sued by the hostages fam
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled from a popular sydney cafe after they had been t
yet another political refugee granted asylum has committed a string of sexual assaults murder now an armed siege in sydney
great to see the is now over . congrats to nsw police on what to seems to be a successful operation .
sydney hostage taker who showed up with wrong isis flag may be the first terrorist to be denounced by both isis and western governments
i've heard about the and i'm sad about what happened , i hope everyone is ok . :(
sheikh butt hole hostage dead . an armed citizenry might have prevented this . remember : islam has nothing to do with this .barf
did sky news just suggest a hostage may have been killed by friendly fire ?
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe : at least twelve people have fled from a popular sydney cafe after they had been t
im proud of people who are willing to accept people as people first not the religion
great to see the is now over . congrats to nsw police on what to seems to be a successful operation .
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia
i've heard about the and i'm sad about what happened , i hope everyone is ok . :(
you can follow a religion and not be a terrorist . you can be a terrorist and not follow a religion .
did sky news just suggest a hostage may have been killed by friendly fire ?
: an indian national was among the hostages at , who has since been freed .
im proud of people who are willing to accept people as people first not the religion
gunman believed to be one of two dead
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia
what good are prayers in a situation like this ? religion seems to be the motivation for all of this to being with .
you can follow a religion and not be a terrorist . you can be a terrorist and not follow a religion .
gunman sheik man haron monis one of the two who died in the sydney siege
: an indian national was among the hostages at , who has since been freed .
*** breaking news ***two killed in sydney siege !!!it is all over with the gunman and at least one hostage
gunman believed to be one of two dead
dozens of paramedic crews seen racing up martin place with stretchers toward scene of sydney : editor's not
what good are prayers in a situation like this ? religion seems to be the motivation for all of this to being with .
media take :lone-wolf gunman = nra all law abiding peaceful gun owners are guiltylone-wolf terrorist = not representative of peaceful islam
gunman sheik man haron monis one of the two who died in the sydney siege
the insanity of a leftie lawyer show why was always free to reign terror in many ways in
*** breaking news ***two killed in sydney siege !!!it is all over with the gunman and at least one hostage
: lessons to learn from newextremism full report here monacoactionpack baby
dozens of paramedic crews seen racing up martin place with stretchers toward scene of sydney : editor's not
two def dead . one is the gunman . i'm watching it live here in australia
media take :lone-wolf gunman = nra all law abiding peaceful gun owners are guiltylone-wolf terrorist = not representative of peaceful islam
og afp :agence france-presse 1 m1 minute ago at least two killed as police end sydney hostage siege - tv report
the insanity of a leftie lawyer show why was always free to reign terror in many ways in
why i don't use , and will never use . they pulled this same crap during the nyc weather disasters .
: lessons to learn from newextremism full report here monacoactionpack baby
dramatic video of gun fight between police and islamic terrorist in sydney aust
two def dead . one is the gunman . i'm watching it live here in australia
thoughts to all involved in the . however worse goes on everyday in other countries .hate selective concern for innocent people .
why i don't use , and will never use . they pulled this same crap during the nyc weather disasters .
the abc being credited around the world with reporting quite a lot that they don't seem to have reported
dramatic video of gun fight between police and islamic terrorist in sydney aust
not sure where is getting their reports about 2 deaths from ; they claim source is but abc has confirmed nothing !
thoughts to all involved in the . however worse goes on everyday in other countries .hate selective concern for innocent people .
shocked to hear a life of a hostage has been lostmy heart goes out to their family , and to everyone affected
the abc being credited around the world with reporting quite a lot that they don't seem to have reported
gunman belived to be barricaded in a pennsylvania house after a deadly shooting spree :
not sure where is getting their reports about 2 deaths from ; they claim source is but abc has confirmed nothing !
this is tragic news .my heart goes out to the family of the deceased hostage and all those involved .#sydneysiege
shocked to hear a life of a hostage has been lostmy heart goes out to their family , and to everyone affected
over thanks to god , what will the terrorists say .
good ,he got what he deserved r sydney hostage taker is dead , according to sky news
pigs like is are scum of the earth . you are an apologist of is and should be ashamed of yourself .
gunman belived to be barricaded in a pennsylvania house after a deadly shooting spree :
horrible news that a hostage has lost there life so sad
this is tragic news .my heart goes out to the family of the deceased hostage and all those involved .#sydneysiege
this is disgusting !! - selfie shame at sydney terror siege via
over thanks to god , what will the terrorists say .
was playing around on david's porch and sydney caught a moment where i didn't actually sound shit
pigs like is are scum of the earth . you are an apologist of is and should be ashamed of yourself .
siege lasted more than 16 hours .
horrible news that a hostage has lost there life so sad
why was this lunatic with countless charges allowed to roam our streets so freely ! i'm appalled !
this is disgusting !! - selfie shame at sydney terror siege via
seems a tragic end to the tonight . praying for the injured :(
was playing around on david's porch and sydney caught a moment where i didn't actually sound shit
1 /2 australian media doesn't seem to understand the nature of modern islamic terrorism - it's not about formal links
siege lasted more than 16 hours .
i can't stop thinking about what happened in sydney its crazy
why was this lunatic with countless charges allowed to roam our streets so freely ! i'm appalled !
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , austr ff
seems a tragic end to the tonight . praying for the injured :(
the may be over but my prayers still go to the people involved as unconfirmed reports of the injured and deaths floods twitter .
1 /2 australian media doesn't seem to understand the nature of modern islamic terrorism - it's not about formal links
the moment sydney police stormed the cafe
i can't stop thinking about what happened in sydney its crazy
shocked and disgusted to hear about whats going on in sydneyglad its resolved to some extent
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , austr ff
didn't expect the next attack of this kind to crop up in sydney just tells us we should all be aware of what could happen .
the may be over but my prayers still go to the people involved as unconfirmed reports of the injured and deaths floods twitter .
abc livefeed , ambos stretchering presumed injured , 1 person seen receiving cpr . no confirmed deaths
the moment sydney police stormed the cafe
so silly when everyone knows the capital of australia is . em . ah . er . well it's not sydney anyway
shocked and disgusted to hear about whats going on in sydneyglad its resolved to some extent
i'm watching the news about what happened in sydney :(
didn't expect the next attack of this kind to crop up in sydney just tells us we should all be aware of what could happen .
of course : uber intros surge pricing during sydney hostage siege , then backtracks after user outcry
abc livefeed , ambos stretchering presumed injured , 1 person seen receiving cpr . no confirmed deaths
please stop posting picture name of the terrorist it doesnt deserve it remember the victims their families australia
i'm watching the news about what happened in sydney :(
religion and political agenda taking the lives on innocent civilians time and time again . praying the hostages will be rescued
of course : uber intros surge pricing during sydney hostage siege , then backtracks after user outcry
breaking : australians hostages in sydney cafe rescued
please stop posting picture name of the terrorist it doesnt deserve it remember the victims their families australia
my uncle lives in the part of sydney where the siege was omg
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , where
i have nothing to say about what's going on in sydney right now . expect that i hate the word 'terrorist'
religion and political agenda taking the lives on innocent civilians time and time again . praying the hostages will be rescued
ex-fbi official : hostage-taker in sydney cafe siege appears to be 'lone wolf ': a gunman who had been holding hostages inside a sydney
breaking : australians hostages in sydney cafe rescued
[cbsnews] suspect in sydney standoff known to police : iranian-born refugee identified as alleged gunman in hos
my uncle lives in the part of sydney where the siege was omg
so tragic reading about 3 you sydney , our thoughts and prayers are with you .
i have nothing to say about what's going on in sydney right now . expect that i hate the word 'terrorist'
i hope muslim leadership has the capacity to condemn terrorism / criminal acts worldwide clearly .
ex-fbi official : hostage-taker in sydney cafe siege appears to be 'lone wolf ': a gunman who had been holding hostages inside a sydney
video posted hour ago shows messages from the hostages demanding an authentic isis flag on gunman's behalf .
[cbsnews] suspect in sydney standoff known to police : iranian-born refugee identified as alleged gunman in hos
sydney deh lindt cafe-d bolson terrorist haldlaga duusaw bololtoi . olon hun endeegui l bgaasai
so tragic reading about 3 you sydney , our thoughts and prayers are with you .
sydney hostage situation : 2 dead , 3 injured
i hope muslim leadership has the capacity to condemn terrorism / criminal acts worldwide clearly .
thoughts with those affected with the ..hope the christmas week will bring peace good news to all
video posted hour ago shows messages from the hostages demanding an authentic isis flag on gunman's behalf .
the lesson from the ? don't discount do it yourself
sydney deh lindt cafe-d bolson terrorist haldlaga duusaw bololtoi . olon hun endeegui l bgaasai
nsw police say is over , but no info on injuries or anything like that yet .
sydney hostage situation : 2 dead , 3 injured
jill meaghers murderer was out on bail following multiple charges . this chap is out on bail . how do they get bail ?!?!
thoughts with those affected with the ..hope the christmas week will bring peace good news to all
stolen on an sydney and birthday mariota philippine build flawed spending
the lesson from the ? don't discount do it yourself
jihadist in sydney standoff id'd as iranian sex assault , murder suspect more for religion of .
nsw police say is over , but no info on injuries or anything like that yet .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : police say a hostage situa
jill meaghers murderer was out on bail following multiple charges . this chap is out on bail . how do they get bail ?!?!
just heard of what happened in sydney . hope everyone gets out safely . much love and support x
stolen on an sydney and birthday mariota philippine build flawed spending
msnbc says they have an unconfirmed report that two were killed in the hostage situation in sydney
jihadist in sydney standoff id'd as iranian sex assault , murder suspect more for religion of .
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a chocola
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : police say a hostage situa
praying for . i hope everyone will be safe .
just heard of what happened in sydney . hope everyone gets out safely . much love and support x
hope all you mixers in sydney are ok . ik it's scary havin something happen like that near u is scary xx
msnbc says they have an unconfirmed report that two were killed in the hostage situation in sydney
prayers for the survivors in the sydney siege . prayers for family of innocent victim x
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a chocola
sydney police storm cafe amid hostage drama : several hostages have fled from the cafe minutes before the assau
praying for . i hope everyone will be safe .
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named - reuters uk
hope all you mixers in sydney are ok . ik it's scary havin something happen like that near u is scary xx
central texas news : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
prayers for the survivors in the sydney siege . prayers for family of innocent victim x
watch : dramatic sydney hostage rescue situation
sydney police storm cafe amid hostage drama : several hostages have fled from the cafe minutes before the assau
a hostage has lost their life this morning . i feel physically sick . my heart goes out to the family of the deceased hostage
watch : dramatic sydney hostage rescue situation
trending : at least 2 dead in sydney cafe siege
a hostage has lost their life this morning . i feel physically sick . my heart goes out to the family of the deceased hostage
so uber wasn't using it's ayn randian algorithm during the hostage taking in sydney ?
so uber wasn't using it's ayn randian algorithm during the hostage taking in sydney ?
sydney siege ends :- after 16 hours - 2 dead - 3 injured - status of gunman unknown -1 officer injuredstay with pzfeed for t
judging on the amount of firing the with military weapons ..how many hostages shot by cross fire ..it didn't look planned
re : sydney cafe hostage-taking -- we shop with the (naive?) expectation of pleasure and safety . should we still ?
twitter users back muslims after sydney siege : the hashtag h -
jihadists take up to 40 hostages australia ;
sydney's siege showed once again how monstrous human animal can be . rationalists , optimists and progressits - your ideology is an illusion .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : police say a hostage situation in sydney is via
sydney siege ends :- after 16 hours - 2 dead - 3 injured - status of gunman unknown -1 officer injuredstay with pzfeed for t
i am glad is over . i have just one question , will our generation ever get to live in an extremist free world ?
re : sydney cafe hostage-taking -- we shop with the (naive?) expectation of pleasure and safety . should we still ?
reports say 2 dead as comes to an end
jihadists take up to 40 hostages australia ;
and so , the sog wrapped up everything . do not mess with these guys .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : police say a hostage situation in sydney is via
how does anyone still use them ?? rt uber intentionally turned on surge pricing for people fleeing the sydney siege , had 2 apologize later .
i am glad is over . i have just one question , will our generation ever get to live in an extremist free world ?
i'm just glad this hostage in sydney is over i feel sorry for everyone who got stuck into this situation :(
reports say 2 dead as comes to an end
exhibit statement posted online by man haron monis , suspect in hostage
and so , the sog wrapped up everything . do not mess with these guys .
my prayers for every single person effected by the
how does anyone still use them ?? rt uber intentionally turned on surge pricing for people fleeing the sydney siege , had 2 apologize later .
what is happening in reminds me of the attack in . thoughts being sent to sydney . get the mfr !#sydneysiege
i'm just glad this hostage in sydney is over i feel sorry for everyone who got stuck into this situation :(
here we go again more fear mongering false flags why is this being removed from youtube already why ?
exhibit statement posted online by man haron monis , suspect in hostage
and why isn't the gunman on close probation . being on bail doesn't mean you're no longer a criminal
my prayers for every single person effected by the
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege
what is happening in reminds me of the attack in . thoughts being sent to sydney . get the mfr !#sydneysiege
condolences to the families that lost loved ones today terrorism is an abomination to humanity we need more love in this world
here we go again more fear mongering false flags why is this being removed from youtube already why ?
so for those wondering and read tweets the is now over , the sas from the army were called in to end it .
and why isn't the gunman on close probation . being on bail doesn't mean you're no longer a criminal
the emotions the hostages must be experiencing , no one should ever experience ! hope they get out safe !
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege
very sorry to hear about the tragedy in sydney . i hope all the lives effected will find a way to heal .
condolences to the families that lost loved ones today terrorism is an abomination to humanity we need more love in this world
dramatic video of the australian swat team's rescue of the hostages in sydney .
so for those wondering and read tweets the is now over , the sas from the army were called in to end it .
my condolences goes to the families of two hostages died during .
the emotions the hostages must be experiencing , no one should ever experience ! hope they get out safe !
every morning + evening we have a short team prayer time . this morning we prayed for the . let us know if we can pray for you .
very sorry to hear about the tragedy in sydney . i hope all the lives effected will find a way to heal .
jihad in australia : terrorist takes hostages in central sydney cafe :
dramatic video of the australian swat team's rescue of the hostages in sydney .
my school just had a 10 minute prayer for sydney , australia . all my prayers go to them .
my condolences goes to the families of two hostages died during .
there are people who deserve to have a life , but are murdered or killed , yet people like man monis was allowed to just live ?
every morning + evening we have a short team prayer time . this morning we prayed for the . let us know if we can pray for you .
watch : gunman identified in sydney hostage crisis
jihad in australia : terrorist takes hostages in central sydney cafe :
this uber surge pricing in sydney hostage crisis has a real marxian end of history feel to it .
my school just had a 10 minute prayer for sydney , australia . all my prayers go to them .
news : ominous developments in sydney , where an unknown number of people are being held hostage . ===
there are people who deserve to have a life , but are murdered or killed , yet people like man monis was allowed to just live ?
why is the media only covering sydney , not this ?
watch : gunman identified in sydney hostage crisis
tired of hearing idiots on the radio claiming if they had their gun they could have stopped the
this uber surge pricing in sydney hostage crisis has a real marxian end of history feel to it .
: lessons to learn from newextremism full report here roy is kabirayesha and tia
news : ominous developments in sydney , where an unknown number of people are being held hostage . ===
it's over without any bloodshed alhumdulillah . so glad .
why is the media only covering sydney , not this ?
ended after tense 16 hours . just started breathing normally again .
tired of hearing idiots on the radio claiming if they had their gun they could have stopped the
breaking nowaustralian police storm sydney cafedoing what we do not do under this regimewhere yet
: lessons to learn from newextremism full report here roy is kabirayesha and tia
condemn the terrorist attack . individual act should not be link with religion .a terrorist cannot be called a muslim .
it's over without any bloodshed alhumdulillah . so glad .
video : sydney siege : police storm cafe to rescue hostages | mashable
ended after tense 16 hours . just started breathing normally again .
do we realy to watch sydney siege the whole day hao banna ????
breaking nowaustralian police storm sydney cafedoing what we do not do under this regimewhere yet
people are taking selfies in front of a terrorist hostage situation in sydney ? this world has officially lost all self respect once again .
condemn the terrorist attack . individual act should not be link with religion .a terrorist cannot be called a muslim .
that really got to me if true . the only hostage fatality died of a heart attack you just cant predict these things .
video : sydney siege : police storm cafe to rescue hostages | mashable
1 hostage passed away a few injuriesterrorist also passed away rayi tried warning people
people are taking selfies in front of a terrorist hostage situation in sydney ? this world has officially lost all self respect once again .
sydney hostage crisis siege ovr aftr cops storm cafe (live updates )
that really got to me if true . the only hostage fatality died of a heart attack you just cant predict these things .
also , without knowing all the specifics , killing the gunman might result in more bloodshed . the chances are low , but 1 /2
1 hostage passed away a few injuriesterrorist also passed away rayi tried warning people
the sydney siege is a disaster stop bringing 5 sos into it , there's a bigger picture at play here and it's much more important than a band
sydney hostage crisis siege ovr aftr cops storm cafe (live updates )
its just not about 2 indian hostages being safe . thats too shallow to think . is over . hope peace for all
also , without knowing all the specifics , killing the gunman might result in more bloodshed . the chances are low , but 1 /2
how can a monster like be out on bail . may his time in hell be payback
the sydney siege is a disaster stop bringing 5 sos into it , there's a bigger picture at play here and it's much more important than a band
photos : the dramatic end to the sydney siege as hostage flee and police swoop -
so happy the is over ! can't imagine how people living in sydney and the victims must feel !
middle east discontent continues to spill out into the rest of the world ~dr.phil
its just not about 2 indian hostages being safe . thats too shallow to think . is over . hope peace for all
breaking news : australia police men storm sydney cafe to free hostages
how can a monster like be out on bail . may his time in hell be payback
australians showing solidarity amidst violence in sydney today . . where clicktivism meets activism .
photos : the dramatic end to the sydney siege as hostage flee and police swoop -
gunman sheik man haron monis dies in the
middle east discontent continues to spill out into the rest of the world ~dr.phil
thoughts prayers to those injured or killed in the hostage standoff in sydney australia ..except the bastard that took these people hostage
breaking news : australia police men storm sydney cafe to free hostages
sydney hostage taker reported to be self-styled 'sheikh' serial rapist man haron monis .#pakistan
australians showing solidarity amidst violence in sydney today . . where clicktivism meets activism .
unbelievable moment that a lindt worker escapes the
gunman sheik man haron monis dies in the
it's all over now sydney
thoughts prayers to those injured or killed in the hostage standoff in sydney australia ..except the bastard that took these people hostage
[wp] sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims : the hostage sta
sydney hostage taker reported to be self-styled 'sheikh' serial rapist man haron monis .#pakistan
in other news today ; israeli forces terrorized palestinian children when they stormed a school and exploded tear gas canisters .
unbelievable moment that a lindt worker escapes the
: two people have reportedly been killed , one of them the gunman .
it's all over now sydney
instead of condemning the violence , liberals r showing solidarity w / extremist muslims chanting'behead those that insult islam '
in other news today ; israeli forces terrorized palestinian children when they stormed a school and exploded tear gas canisters .
| at least two killed as police end , says tv report : afp
: two people have reportedly been killed , one of them the gunman .
realizing i stopped at that cafe in sydney while i was there . :-/
instead of condemning the violence , liberals r showing solidarity w / extremist muslims chanting'behead those that insult islam '
available kitchens refashioning reading matter inflowing sutherland , sydney : vnszm
sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims from
stole $-- heavily armed police in sydney stormed a cafe where an armed man said to be a self-proclaimed ------ #
| at least two killed as police end , says tv report : afp
bbc news : video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , wh
realizing i stopped at that cafe in sydney while i was there . :-/
so sydney siege is over . hope there aren't too many casualties .
available kitchens refashioning reading matter inflowing sutherland , sydney : vnszm
wow why do people do things like what happened in sydney earlier
stole $-- heavily armed police in sydney stormed a cafe where an armed man said to be a self-proclaimed ------ #
sydney siege :#illridewithyou offers solidarity to city's muslims
bbc news : video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , wh
i have an awful feeling journalists , shock jock types i fear others , will go down the fox news path with the sydney siege , and lose logic .
so sydney siege is over . hope there aren't too many casualties .
seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman
wow why do people do things like what happened in sydney earlier
new eyes movie three deadly shootings in pennsylvania as gunman remains on loose : police are searching for
sydney siege :#illridewithyou offers solidarity to city's muslims
lets talk more about the victims rather than talking and popularizing the life of the terrorist . in that we can defeat them
i have an awful feeling journalists , shock jock types i fear others , will go down the fox news path with the sydney siege , and lose logic .
seems like a bad day to announce she's dropping dm for public safety .
seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman
our prayers go out to the people in sydney who are affected by the hostage situation .
new eyes movie three deadly shootings in pennsylvania as gunman remains on loose : police are searching for
say sydney siege over after 16 hours , no word on hostage taker yet - hindustan times
lets talk more about the victims rather than talking and popularizing the life of the terrorist . in that we can defeat them
so glad to hear that the hostage standoff in sydney is over .
seems like a bad day to announce she's dropping dm for public safety .
we are standing against every terror act against civilians by anyone or for any cause .
our prayers go out to the people in sydney who are affected by the hostage situation .
a corporate case study in taking one's comeuppance - sydney morning herald
say sydney siege over after 16 hours , no word on hostage taker yet - hindustan times
as the comes 2 an end this is all we will see in the news 4 the rest of the weekwhat are they distracting us from ?
so glad to hear that the hostage standoff in sydney is over .
siege ends as australian police storm cafe
we are standing against every terror act against civilians by anyone or for any cause .
make it viral !sydney siege hostage demands (video 4 )religion of peace
a corporate case study in taking one's comeuppance - sydney morning herald
sydney - police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours -- ap
as the comes 2 an end this is all we will see in the news 4 the rest of the weekwhat are they distracting us from ?
.. there's always good people everywhere . thanx u
siege ends as australian police storm cafe
cnn reporting 2 deaths , one of which may be the gun man
sydney - police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours -- ap
please stop talking about the sydney hostage situation . valuable time is being lost kvetching over the terror report .
.. there's always good people everywhere . thanx u
hostage taking ends as sydney police storm cafe amid gunfire
cnn reporting 2 deaths , one of which may be the gun man
dude check iraq afgan nigeria somalia taliban china yemen libya than take ur words back
what a tear up in sydney ! bet you though you where in afghan watching the videos
strange that or any other indian media hasn't blamed or for indian govt must apologize !
please stop talking about the sydney hostage situation . valuable time is being lost kvetching over the terror report .
well done bjp /modi for ending this crisis in sydney ! every grateful to bjp /modi
hostage taking ends as sydney police storm cafe amid gunfire
this sort of hing very rare in sleepy sydney .. very common in usa - therefore less coverage of usa incidents (unless horrific )
dude check iraq afgan nigeria somalia taliban china yemen libya than take ur words back
muslims didn't have anything to do with the , terrorists did . no , they're not the same . australia .
strange that or any other indian media hasn't blamed or for indian govt must apologize !
i feel physically sick , but a little relieved all at once .
well done bjp /modi for ending this crisis in sydney ! every grateful to bjp /modi
accused gunman man haron monis was on bail for accessory to murder :
this sort of hing very rare in sleepy sydney .. very common in usa - therefore less coverage of usa incidents (unless horrific )
we all must understand we have to coexist together . no other choice . these acts will jeopardize the basic peace fabric 2 /2
muslims didn't have anything to do with the , terrorists did . no , they're not the same . australia .
don't miss guardians ' live coverage online . the design , timelines , pix , video pull-quotes =remarkable
i feel physically sick , but a little relieved all at once .
you don't ever hear anything from australia . then this .#sydneysiege
accused gunman man haron monis was on bail for accessory to murder :
well the is over but the iranian gunman's fate is unknown via cbc news channel .
we all must understand we have to coexist together . no other choice . these acts will jeopardize the basic peace fabric 2 /2
police storm sydney cafe to end standoff ; fate of hostages unclear via
don't miss guardians ' live coverage online . the design , timelines , pix , video pull-quotes =remarkable
glad that is over . hope the hostages are okay
you don't ever hear anything from australia . then this .#sydneysiege
ya ! he can rot in hell . well done to aussie authorities .
well the is over but the iranian gunman's fate is unknown via cbc news channel .
hearing all the shooting in the cafe really did make me sick , i can feel my heart in my throat
police storm sydney cafe to end standoff ; fate of hostages unclear via
2 dead (one is the gunman ) 3 badly wounded -
ya ! he can rot in hell . well done to aussie authorities .
breaking : is over , according to police . via
hearing all the shooting in the cafe really did make me sick , i can feel my heart in my throat
sydney : abc news declares the siege over !
2 dead (one is the gunman ) 3 badly wounded -
sydney : sydney siege now over . police storm cafe with consistent fire and flash grenades . no reports on injuries
sydney : sydney police storming the lindt cafe and freeing hostages (potato recording of the live stream )
sydney hostage situation is obviously horrid , but says media coverage is way out of proportion to what it is
breaking : is over , according to police . via
how many bigots does it take until they see that f *cktards exist in any religion ?
sydney : abc news declares the siege over !
glad that the is over , thoughts go out to those injured and the person who was killed :((((
how many bigots does it take until they see that f *cktards exist in any religion ?
if the guy has a vest with a dead-man switch , or a 2 nd gunman acting as a sleeper , that could cause huge problems .
glad that the is over , thoughts go out to those injured and the person who was killed :((((
hostage situation spurs - a powerful hashtag . story via
update : police say is over via
my thoughts are with family and friends of the ones who passed away , also anyone who was injured during the hostage situation
if the guy has a vest with a dead-man switch , or a 2 nd gunman acting as a sleeper , that could cause huge problems .
sydney cafe siege : heavy gunfire ..
hostage situation spurs - a powerful hashtag . story via
there will be a claim , man haron monis wasn't a terrorist , he's just a crazy crackpot !- actually it's all the same thing .
my thoughts are with family and friends of the ones who passed away , also anyone who was injured during the hostage situation
so glad it's over . just a shame it seems innocent people have been killed in the outcome . may the gunman forever rot in hell .
mt - breaking : at least 2 ppl , including gunman reported dead after
sydney siege appears to be over . lasted more than 16 hours . find updates here : via
sydney cafe siege : heavy gunfire ..
the mystery around this art deco theatre in sydney deepens as possible owners float a plan to save it - sydney m
there will be a claim , man haron monis wasn't a terrorist , he's just a crazy crackpot !- actually it's all the same thing .
funny /universal--abc live from sydney just here--going over over over same details re end of siege . wondering when new details will come
so glad it's over . just a shame it seems innocent people have been killed in the outcome . may the gunman forever rot in hell .
just shows no one's safe if it can happen in sydney
sydney siege appears to be over . lasted more than 16 hours . find updates here : via
thoughts with the unlucky one in sydney . horrible for all involved . brainless act by brainwashed individual !
the mystery around this art deco theatre in sydney deepens as possible owners float a plan to save it - sydney m
i liked a video teen gunman with rifle aims at scottish police in tense active shooter standoff
funny /universal--abc live from sydney just here--going over over over same details re end of siege . wondering when new details will come
despite being 10,000 miles away today's hit home . glad it's over , thoughts with all affected .
just shows no one's safe if it can happen in sydney
sydney siege ends as police raid cafe
thoughts with the unlucky one in sydney . horrible for all involved . brainless act by brainwashed individual !
photo : hostages run towards tactical response police outside the besieged lindt cafe in sydney .
i liked a video teen gunman with rifle aims at scottish police in tense active shooter standoff
martinplace ,sydneysiegegunmanidentified as man haron monis viathis animal should have been put down long ago
despite being 10,000 miles away today's hit home . glad it's over , thoughts with all affected .
- business - gunfire , blasts as sydney siege ends
photo : hostages run towards tactical response police outside the besieged lindt cafe in sydney .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours - houston chronicle via
martinplace ,sydneysiegegunmanidentified as man haron monis viathis animal should have been put down long ago
video : heavily armed police storm a sydney cafe where hostages were being held :
- business - gunfire , blasts as sydney siege ends
reporting all terror attacts on news - what's in common - hmmmmm .
video : sydney police move in to free hostages
as holiday shopping kicks off , jihadists plan soft target attacks .australia was first .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours - houston chronicle via
just hoping that what seemed like a rushed end to the siege didn't contribute to the deaths of innocents ..
reporting all terror attacts on news - what's in common - hmmmmm .
my question is , why a lindt cafe ? must have been good chocolate .
as holiday shopping kicks off , jihadists plan soft target attacks .australia was first .
gunfire erupts during siege on australian cafe : police stormed the cafe where a gunman was holding hostages in
just hoping that what seemed like a rushed end to the siege didn't contribute to the deaths of innocents ..
if you like islam and find islam acceptable dont complain when muslims act like muhummad and kill kaffirs
video : police storm sydney cafe amid gunfire
some light in an otherwise dark situation
my question is , why a lindt cafe ? must have been good chocolate .
yep check out vid i shared on fb i've been watching all day 2 dead as well 1 hostage and gunman by looks of it
gunfire erupts during siege on australian cafe : police stormed the cafe where a gunman was holding hostages in
media in america reporting purely on the terrorist aspect . fast difference to australia media
if you like islam and find islam acceptable dont complain when muslims act like muhummad and kill kaffirs
congratulations to narendra modi for rescuing two indian techies who were held hostage in
some light in an otherwise dark situation
manse waterproofing sydney : explanation is herself must differently how countless types are there ?: xmtcdfdvj
yep check out vid i shared on fb i've been watching all day 2 dead as well 1 hostage and gunman by looks of it
wow reported two people killed including the hostage taker
media in america reporting purely on the terrorist aspect . fast difference to australia media
relieved that the sydney siege appears to be over . i hope everyone involved is given the help they need
congratulations to narendra modi for rescuing two indian techies who were held hostage in
unfortunately events like are not uncommon in today world . im sorry but no place is safe .live your life to the fullest .
manse waterproofing sydney : explanation is herself must differently how countless types are there ?: xmtcdfdvj
ends ; 2 said killed , including attacker
wow reported two people killed including the hostage taker
i'm just staying that the man holding hostages at sydney siege isn't quite right cos he actually didn't kill or hurt anyone .
relieved that the sydney siege appears to be over . i hope everyone involved is given the help they need
my heart goes out to the families of those killed and /or hurt in sydney .
unfortunately events like are not uncommon in today world . im sorry but no place is safe .live your life to the fullest .
terrorist known 2 australia , allowed to grow ! : update : 2 dead , possibly gunman too ; 3 others injured serious
ends ; 2 said killed , including attacker
: two people have reportedly been killed , one of them the gunman via
i'm just staying that the man holding hostages at sydney siege isn't quite right cos he actually didn't kill or hurt anyone .
report : 2 dead , 3 injured in sydney hostage : gunfire erupted early tuesday as police stormed the sydney cafe w
terrorist known 2 australia , allowed to grow ! : update : 2 dead , possibly gunman too ; 3 others injured serious
so is over . not the outcome that anyone wanted .
: two people have reportedly been killed , one of them the gunman via
you need to do some homework . gun deaths in usa are highest where guns are banned . lowest where they aren't
report : 2 dead , 3 injured in sydney hostage : gunfire erupted early tuesday as police stormed the sydney cafe w
thoughts with all in sydney today and special thoughts and prayers with police and all the emergency rescue services on scene .
my heart goes out to the hostages , their families and the police and emergency services involved .
celebrating a early christmas in sydney , australia !
so is over . not the outcome that anyone wanted .
join us now live on we're going to air early this morning with the latest on
you need to do some homework . gun deaths in usa are highest where guns are banned . lowest where they aren't
islamic terrorist holds hostages in sydney . media refuses to call it terrorism .
thoughts with all in sydney today and special thoughts and prayers with police and all the emergency rescue services on scene .
fanatic wanted to send offensive letters to families of dead british soldiers
celebrating a early christmas in sydney , australia !
love my city , while not unexpected given global terrorism am very saddened to see the reality of it
join us now live on we're going to air early this morning with the latest on
my thoughts go out to those affected by what's happening in sydney , hope everything clears up soon x
islamic terrorist holds hostages in sydney . media refuses to call it terrorism .
cooperation oz's mediapolice reduced the no of fatals ,kenya media do u copy ?#seo
fanatic wanted to send offensive letters to families of dead british soldiers
rip to the hostage who has sadly passed away .
love my city , while not unexpected given global terrorism am very saddened to see the reality of it
sydney cafe hostage-taker identified as iranian refugee :
my thoughts go out to those affected by what's happening in sydney , hope everything clears up soon x
sydney shows understanding in 1 person is not representative of a whole culture .
cooperation oz's mediapolice reduced the no of fatals ,kenya media do u copy ?#seo
i don't understand why is confirming 2 dead when haven't even confirmed it !
rip to the hostage who has sadly passed away .
everything happening in sydney has nothing to do with 5 sos so stop getting all mad at them for promoting their album
sydney cafe hostage-taker identified as iranian refugee :
hostage-taker id'd as man accused of sexual assaults , linked to murder of ex-wife
sydney shows understanding in 1 person is not representative of a whole culture .
muslim , christiangay , straightblack , whiteno matter !! just no extremists
i don't understand why is confirming 2 dead when haven't even confirmed it !
one hostage and hostage-taker dead .
hostage-taker id'd as man accused of sexual assaults , linked to murder of ex-wife
sydney gunman 'notorious for violence and has 47 sexual assault charges
muslim , christiangay , straightblack , whiteno matter !! just no extremists
sky for the first time referring to australian media reports that one hostage has been killed , hostage taker also dead .
one hostage and hostage-taker dead .
im not tweeting about sydney thing because i dont know much of it :/
glad to know everyone are ok and safe in sydney
: rt : seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman
sydney gunman 'notorious for violence and has 47 sexual assault charges
pervert charged with 50 cases of molestation went to serve islam ,is this islam , is this jihad ? psychopath perverts n terrorists
sky for the first time referring to australian media reports that one hostage has been killed , hostage taker also dead .
1 trou du cul en moins
: rt : seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman
thoughts with all those caught up in the
pervert charged with 50 cases of molestation went to serve islam ,is this islam , is this jihad ? psychopath perverts n terrorists
end siege after 16 hours - dec 15 am et
1 trou du cul en moins
iam_gideonphemy uber turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene : in the mid
gosh got to perth . watching the news thinking of sydney :(
it is much easier to take civilians hostage than it is to fight a soldier on the battlefield
thoughts with all those caught up in the
uber turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene : in the midst of a hostage
end siege after 16 hours - dec 15 am et
: two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman . more to come . | 7 newssydney
iam_gideonphemy uber turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene : in the mid
one hostage dead , hostage taker dead , apparently gunman opened fire first ..
it is much easier to take civilians hostage than it is to fight a soldier on the battlefield
consensus on gunfire /flashbang is that it was a mix of both . pictures to come from shortly .
uber turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene : in the midst of a hostage
breaking news . gunman confirmed killed 7 news
: two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman . more to come . | 7 newssydney
the sydney hostage situation is awful im so glad its over , i feel so bad for the one who died .. my thoughts go out to their family
one hostage dead , hostage taker dead , apparently gunman opened fire first ..
alright , luckily the sydney case is over .
consensus on gunfire /flashbang is that it was a mix of both . pictures to come from shortly .
wrap up of the hostage situation in australia .
breaking news . gunman confirmed killed 7 news
social media is amazing . it's incredible to see the love and support being shown through .
the sydney hostage situation is awful im so glad its over , i feel so bad for the one who died .. my thoughts go out to their family
inspiring effort from individuals , groups , officials and this nation , having survived this tragic day .
wrap up of the hostage situation in australia .
ok , now it's confirmed , gunman and 1 hostage dead . r .i.p
social media is amazing . it's incredible to see the love and support being shown through .
sydney cafe hostage situation 'is over ': two reported dead as police storm cafe before confirming 'the operati
inspiring effort from individuals , groups , officials and this nation , having survived this tragic day .
is over now . thoughts with the people and their families affected by this hostage crisis .
gulfnews : sydney cafe hostage situation 'is over ': two reported dead as police storm cafe before co
confirmed . one hostage and the hostage taker dead . awful .
ok , now it's confirmed , gunman and 1 hostage dead . r .i.p
i'm a 2 a supporter , but piggybacking your ideas while people are dying during is very twatty .
sydney cafe hostage situation 'is over ': two reported dead as police storm cafe before confirming 'the operati
gunman and a hostage killed . hostage killed by gunman . sad sad sad .
confirmed . one hostage and the hostage taker dead . awful .
my thoughts and prayers go out to all the sydney cafe hostage's .
i'm a 2 a supporter , but piggybacking your ideas while people are dying during is very twatty .
are you based in sydney by any chance tx ratan ndtv
gunman and a hostage killed . hostage killed by gunman . sad sad sad .
news alert | the indian it professional , who was among the hostages in sydney cafe , came -
police stormed a sydney cafe monday to end the hostage crisis . photo :
the siege just over after the gunfire , but apparently 2 ppl died , one of them is the gunman .. feel sorry for the hostage's family
are you based in sydney by any chance tx ratan ndtv
gunman ???? r u kidding me this son of a bitch was a fucking jehadi
news alert | the indian it professional , who was among the hostages in sydney cafe , came -
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today : usa todayreports : two dead in fiery end to sydney
the siege just over after the gunfire , but apparently 2 ppl died , one of them is the gunman .. feel sorry for the hostage's family
in pamphlet posted on his website , sydney hostage taker condemns some shiites , says other muslims are following quran
uber's surge pricing backfires during sydney hostage siege
sydney siege : gunman's motivation still unclear , not yet confirmed as 'terrorism-related,' police say
gunman ???? r u kidding me this son of a bitch was a fucking jehadi
give hostage takers history from wife murder , to sexual assault , to complete change of sect , was he tested for mental illness ?
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today : usa todayreports : two dead in fiery end to sydney
7 news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman .
in pamphlet posted on his website , sydney hostage taker condemns some shiites , says other muslims are following quran
the only thing i want to know about this iranian gunman is if he is dead or not .
sydney siege : gunman's motivation still unclear , not yet confirmed as 'terrorism-related,' police say
sydney siege : man behind stand-off named as iranian cleric man haron monis
give hostage takers history from wife murder , to sexual assault , to complete change of sect , was he tested for mental illness ?
sad to hear that one hostage has died in sydney
7 news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman .
from the san francisco bay area our thoughts and prayers with the hostages and security forces involved in
sydney siege : man behind stand-off named as iranian cleric man haron monis
australian media confirming that one hostage and the hostage taker have died according to
sad to hear that one hostage has died in sydney
uber intentionally turned on surge pricing for people fleeing the sydney siege . i prefer even more
from the san francisco bay area our thoughts and prayers with the hostages and security forces involved in
sky news saying australian media saying one hostage and one gunman is dead
rip to the one hostage who sadly died today in the . the gunman can quite frankly go rot in hell .
[all news ] | reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today |via google news
australian media confirming that one hostage and the hostage taker have died according to
confirmed ! two people dead . one is believed to be the gunman himself !
uber intentionally turned on surge pricing for people fleeing the sydney siege . i prefer even more
the siege in sydney is over . my condolences to families of the poor victims
sky news saying australian media saying one hostage and one gunman is dead
it made me feel kinda sad and horrible bc i was at that exact cafe in august and wow its so horrible bc i love sydney
confirmed ! two people dead . one is believed to be the gunman himself !
sydney hostage crisis over cafe via another eg . of the terrorism perpetrated by the religion of peace .
the siege in sydney is over . my condolences to families of the poor victims
prayers to sydney during the end of the and prayers to in this time of multiple casualty-violent acts
it made me feel kinda sad and horrible bc i was at that exact cafe in august and wow its so horrible bc i love sydney
in my next life , i would like to be an aussie . they are wayyyy better at debating than americans .
sydney hostage crisis over cafe via another eg . of the terrorism perpetrated by the religion of peace .
rip to the hostage who lost their life
prayers to sydney during the end of the and prayers to in this time of multiple casualty-violent acts
photos : the dramatic end to the sydney siege -
in my next life , i would like to be an aussie . they are wayyyy better at debating than americans .
3 hostages freed while unknown number remain held in sydney cafe
just in : multiple injuries and fatalities following raid of sydney cafe , according to
terrible end to an awful day . thoughts are with all hostages the law enforcement involved
rip to the hostage who lost their life
i'm sure they care what's going on in sydney but at the same time not everyone wants to focus on the bad thats going on in
photos : the dramatic end to the sydney siege -
saudi billionaire to launch arabic satellite news channel - /
3 hostages freed while unknown number remain held in sydney cafe
this wasn't terrorism , this was one pathetic attention seeker hiding behind a flag . no virgins for this loser .
terrible end to an awful day . thoughts are with all hostages the law enforcement involved
that's a lot of weapons free fire to take down one guy , breach seems fairly hectic
i'm sure they care what's going on in sydney but at the same time not everyone wants to focus on the bad thats going on in
sad to hear one of the hostages has died !
saudi billionaire to launch arabic satellite news channel - /
thanking the emergency services , police , doctors , nurses etc instead of 'god' that this is over and thinking of those involved
this wasn't terrorism , this was one pathetic attention seeker hiding behind a flag . no virgins for this loser .
not confirmed yet whether hostage was killed by offender or in crossfire . two dead . gunman and hostage .
that's a lot of weapons free fire to take down one guy , breach seems fairly hectic
channel 9 still reporting that clarification has not been made by police regarding hostage fatalities
sad to hear one of the hostages has died !
police end hostage crisis in sydney
thanking the emergency services , police , doctors , nurses etc instead of 'god' that this is over and thinking of those involved
rt : 21 hostages in total , 7 escaped throughout day /night, approx . 9 inside when police stormed cafe .
police end hostage crisis in sydney
huge call . source ? r seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman
rt : 21 hostages in total , 7 escaped throughout day /night, approx . 9 inside when police stormed cafe .
emergency workers rush injured from ping
one hostage has been killed
injuries unclear as questions surround suspected gunman , an iranian-born extremist with a long rap sheet who h
terrible that some hostages came out on stretchers .
gunman believed to be barricaded in a pennsylvania house after a deadly shooting spree :
huge call . source ? r seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman
watched the siege come to a very violent end . hoping praying for all of those innocent hostages .
emergency workers rush injured from ping
gunman was very well known to police and seems to have used jihadist /islamic state stance as a false cover for his crime .
injuries unclear as questions surround suspected gunman , an iranian-born extremist with a long rap sheet who h
almost 17 hours later ends . 2 ppl said killed incl gunman .
gunman believed to be barricaded in a pennsylvania house after a deadly shooting spree :
mt seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman
watched the siege come to a very violent end . hoping praying for all of those innocent hostages .
a flurry of loud bangs erupted as heavily armed police stormed the lindt cafe in sydney . watch as multiple ho
gunman was very well known to police and seems to have used jihadist /islamic state stance as a false cover for his crime .
i guess haron monis doesn't get his phone call to aussie pm tony abbot after all .
almost 17 hours later ends . 2 ppl said killed incl gunman .
a bomb disposal robot goes towards the building after shots were fired during the
mt seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman
one hostage and the gunman dead . so sad for the hostages those poor people
a flurry of loud bangs erupted as heavily armed police stormed the lindt cafe in sydney . watch as multiple ho
update : gunman and hostage have been reported dead . hostage killed the gunman
i guess haron monis doesn't get his phone call to aussie pm tony abbot after all .
at noon on on police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours .
a bomb disposal robot goes towards the building after shots were fired during the
this day will forever be in our hearts such a very sad time for us all
one hostage and the gunman dead . so sad for the hostages those poor people
is another reason i am so proud to be australian .
at noon on on police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours .
wickedest ting is the hostages killed in the were probably killed by police lol .we will never know though , they cant admit that
this day will forever be in our hearts such a very sad time for us all
god if i was in sydney i wouldnt be sleeping
is another reason i am so proud to be australian .
unconfirmed reports of hostage taker being one of the two killed , when siege ended .
my thoughts and prayers are with family of the hostage killed in the
why was this pos responsible for not deported from australia the moment he started his nonsense ?serious questions to answer .
wickedest ting is the hostages killed in the were probably killed by police lol .we will never know though , they cant admit that
jesus what's happening over in sydney is crazy
unconfirmed reports of hostage taker being one of the two killed , when siege ended .
in nsw 3.30 am listening to 2 gb radio sydney . 2 dead , one hostage plus perp . shocking to have islam terror in oz .
why was this pos responsible for not deported from australia the moment he started his nonsense ?serious questions to answer .
photo : an injured hostage is wheeled to an ambulance during a cafe siege in sydney , australia .
jesus what's happening over in sydney is crazy
our leftwing media : clarifying the shahada flag not necessarily an expression of terrorism , deeming an 'isolated act '.
my god , they're out . sydney we're waking up a new city today . australia this was the moment we changed forever .
3 -minute headline news - several people ran from a cafe in sydney 15 hours into a standoff ;..more news vidoes -
in nsw 3.30 am listening to 2 gb radio sydney . 2 dead , one hostage plus perp . shocking to have islam terror in oz .
hope all involved in the sydney hostage situation are well . apart from the dickhead that took them hostage obviously . nob head .
photo : an injured hostage is wheeled to an ambulance during a cafe siege in sydney , australia .
creepy house revealed just days ago points to sydney hostage crisis ! (video)
our leftwing media : clarifying the shahada flag not necessarily an expression of terrorism , deeming an 'isolated act '.
glad that the is over . it's sad that people who act on disillusions involve islam as a motive
3 -minute headline news - several people ran from a cafe in sydney 15 hours into a standoff ;..more news vidoes -
what i learned from watching coverage in sydney is australia has the most beautiful tv anchors
hope all involved in the sydney hostage situation are well . apart from the dickhead that took them hostage obviously . nob head .
or wears on his stupid forehead like this did !#iwontridewithyou
creepy house revealed just days ago points to sydney hostage crisis ! (video)
thank god is over . i hope no one is hurt !
glad that the is over . it's sad that people who act on disillusions involve islam as a motive
buzzfeed news ' homepage right now
what i learned from watching coverage in sydney is australia has the most beautiful tv anchors
one hostage confirmed dead man i'm devastated .
or wears on his stupid forehead like this did !#iwontridewithyou
breaking news : sydney terror siege update : 'several injured ' as armed police raid lindt cafe via
thank god is over . i hope no one is hurt !
and to the gunman , the cruel evil disgraceful horrible fucked up gun man 'man monis ', i hope you rot in hell you fucking fucker ! fuck you
buzzfeed news ' homepage right now
sydney : dk eyewitness top 10 travel guide : sydney : dk eyewitness top 10 travel guide : sydney offers dozens of top 10
one hostage confirmed dead man i'm devastated .
new south wales police tell there are multiple fatalities and injuries from sydney cafe siege .
breaking news : sydney terror siege update : 'several injured ' as armed police raid lindt cafe via
absolutely devastating what happened in sydney last night ! terrible to see innocent lives lost
and to the gunman , the cruel evil disgraceful horrible fucked up gun man 'man monis ', i hope you rot in hell you fucking fucker ! fuck you
sad to hear that one hostage died in sydney . glad to see that they got the gunman though and saved every one else
sydney : dk eyewitness top 10 travel guide : sydney : dk eyewitness top 10 travel guide : sydney offers dozens of top 10
shame on for jacking up prices attempting to profit from crisis in sydney . another reason not to use the app
new south wales police tell there are multiple fatalities and injuries from sydney cafe siege .
have the innocent in my thoughts and prayers , what a horrible thing to go through . i hope they all get to hug loved ones .
absolutely devastating what happened in sydney last night ! terrible to see innocent lives lost
hostage situation over .gunman and 1 hostage dead .
sad to hear that one hostage died in sydney . glad to see that they got the gunman though and saved every one else
listen : on the -- should we be surprised this happened ? on ---
shame on for jacking up prices attempting to profit from crisis in sydney . another reason not to use the app
this has to be the message to all terrorists around the world , you will be killed for attacking innocent people ,
have the innocent in my thoughts and prayers , what a horrible thing to go through . i hope they all get to hug loved ones .
things are only going to get worse from here . they're going to get sydney hard
hostage situation over .gunman and 1 hostage dead .
all of our judicial systems need overhauls . police bring deviants in , courts let them out . revolving door .
listen : on the -- should we be surprised this happened ? on ---
seven news told that two dead are the gunman and a hostage killed by the gunman //
this has to be the message to all terrorists around the world , you will be killed for attacking innocent people ,
live video : hostage standoff at martin place in downtown sydney - via
all of our judicial systems need overhauls . police bring deviants in , courts let them out . revolving door .
lesson 2 kenyaamateur media houses .haron monis circulated a video of his demands sydney media didn't broadcast it
seven news told that two dead are the gunman and a hostage killed by the gunman //
white people : *doesn't encourage 5 sos to tweet about ferguson /american protests *white people : omg 5 sos why arent you tweeting about sydney
live video : hostage standoff at martin place in downtown sydney - via
any comment from indian ?? = gunman sheik man haron monis one of the two who died in the
gunman said earlier he planted 3 bombs round sydney had bomb on him . police going thru his backpack now
and yet fox news is still reporting on the sydney hostage crisis , even though it's over .
lesson 2 kenyaamateur media houses .haron monis circulated a video of his demands sydney media didn't broadcast it
glad the sydney australia terrorist /hostage situation is over ,i hope aussie police splattered his brains with pork bacon greased bullet
white people : *doesn't encourage 5 sos to tweet about ferguson /american protests *white people : omg 5 sos why arent you tweeting about sydney
sydney : lindt chocolate cafe siege ends after 16 hours of hostage drama ; two shot
any comment from indian ?? = gunman sheik man haron monis one of the two who died in the
thoughts go out to the hostages and their families and the services involved with the storming of the cafe ..!
and yet fox news is still reporting on the sydney hostage crisis , even though it's over .
raw video watch police storm sydney siege site-published on dec 15 2014 dec . 15 bloomberg -- police forces stor
glad the sydney australia terrorist /hostage situation is over ,i hope aussie police splattered his brains with pork bacon greased bullet
well done to the police in sydney today for successfully killing the gunman and rip to the hostage that died
sydney : lindt chocolate cafe siege ends after 16 hours of hostage drama ; two shot
well , the world is a wanker short now .#sydneysiege
thoughts go out to the hostages and their families and the services involved with the storming of the cafe ..!
we were in constant touch with our mission in sydney and the family of shri reddy : eam sushma swaraj tweets
raw video watch police storm sydney siege site-published on dec 15 2014 dec . 15 bloomberg -- police forces stor
idiots . is trending because some australians refuse to blame muslims for
well done to the police in sydney today for successfully killing the gunman and rip to the hostage that died
good people to follow on the sydney siege : editor and our own excellent editor
well , the world is a wanker short now .#sydneysiege
just go to the hashtag and you'll see
idiots . is trending because some australians refuse to blame muslims for
sky news is reporting one hostage (plus gunman ) dead , 4 injured (3 seriously ) one of the injured a police officer
good people to follow on the sydney siege : editor and our own excellent editor
one hostage killed :( thoughts are with their family and friends :(
just go to the hashtag and you'll see
the 16 hour sydney siege reached a dramatic conclusion about an hour ago , tells us what's been happening
here's the latest on the hostage siege in sydney -
would you believe the terrorist had bombs when one demand was his isis flag he forgot at home ? is now safe !
sky news is reporting one hostage (plus gunman ) dead , 4 injured (3 seriously ) one of the injured a police officer
gunman takes hostages in sydney coffee shop via abs-cbn
one hostage killed :( thoughts are with their family and friends :(
no terrorist group connection has been found to the gunman in sydney
the 16 hour sydney siege reached a dramatic conclusion about an hour ago , tells us what's been happening
two dead one hostage and one the gunman latest speculation from australian news crews
would you believe the terrorist had bombs when one demand was his isis flag he forgot at home ? is now safe !
wow , if uber really did try and capitalise on people trying to flee sydney . disgusting .
gunman takes hostages in sydney coffee shop via abs-cbn
impressive how swift and thorough was au muslims condemnation of the . why don't i recall something similar in us ?
no terrorist group connection has been found to the gunman in sydney
i paid for my hot chocolate before the do i get a refund or what ?
two dead one hostage and one the gunman latest speculation from australian news crews
it is reported that spec forces conducted the assault that ended the
wow , if uber really did try and capitalise on people trying to flee sydney . disgusting .
gunman confirmed dead as well as hostage he killed . :(
impressive how swift and thorough was au muslims condemnation of the . why don't i recall something similar in us ?
australian police declare sydney hostage crisis over after storming cafe : police stormed the sydney cafe where
i paid for my hot chocolate before the do i get a refund or what ?
o muslims , if he's not your brother in faith . he's your brother in humanity ~ hazrat ali
it is reported that spec forces conducted the assault that ended the
finally the day ended for sydney residents
gunman confirmed dead as well as hostage he killed . :(
wow , after watching this video of the gunfight in sydney , wow whoever was on the receiving end of that is dead
australian police declare sydney hostage crisis over after storming cafe : police stormed the sydney cafe where
any chance you could do some reporting on the u .s. army vet who murdered 5 civilians in pennsylvania earlier ?
o muslims , if he's not your brother in faith . he's your brother in humanity ~ hazrat ali
sad news abt sydney . but could have talked abt this today . even 4 a minute via
finally the day ended for sydney residents
[interaksyon] australian police declare sydney hostage crisis over after storming cafe
wow , after watching this video of the gunfight in sydney , wow whoever was on the receiving end of that is dead
australian media reports one hostage and the hostage taker killed in sydney siege
any chance you could do some reporting on the u .s. army vet who murdered 5 civilians in pennsylvania earlier ?
what was the point of the hostage what was the gunman trying to achieve seems so retarded
sad news abt sydney . but could have talked abt this today . even 4 a minute via
activated surge pricing for people trying to flee the sydney hostage crisis yesterday .
[interaksyon] australian police declare sydney hostage crisis over after storming cafe
you should not be judging the whole muslim community or religion by the acts done by these so called jihadists .wrong preachers
australian media reports one hostage and the hostage taker killed in sydney siege
thoughts and prayers with the people affected in sydney . there are some truly terrible people in this world .
what was the point of the hostage what was the gunman trying to achieve seems so retarded
sending so much love to sydney .
activated surge pricing for people trying to flee the sydney hostage crisis yesterday .
breaking news : sydney siege over after police storm cafe
you should not be judging the whole muslim community or religion by the acts done by these so called jihadists .wrong preachers
how on earth was this scumbag piece of shit out on bail ?
thoughts and prayers with the people affected in sydney . there are some truly terrible people in this world .
its bad in sydney i hope god gives more power to overcome frm this terror attack
sending so much love to sydney .
2 fatalities in the cnn reporting . poor souls . 3 critically wounded .
breaking news : sydney siege over after police storm cafe
finally ! i have not been able to sleep soundly because of this . i'm so glad it's over . prayers go to the dead or injured
how on earth was this scumbag piece of shit out on bail ?
sydney siege spurs to show solidarity with muslims : aileen graefsydney , dec . 15
its bad in sydney i hope god gives more power to overcome frm this terror attack
stunning video shows police storm the sydney cafe where hostages were being held by terrorist :
2 fatalities in the cnn reporting . poor souls . 3 critically wounded .
just in : police in australia confirm multiple fatalities , multiple injuries ; gunman's fate unconfirmed watch live :
finally ! i have not been able to sleep soundly because of this . i'm so glad it's over . prayers go to the dead or injured
terrorism is a international problem , all nations should stand together against terrorism those countries who promotes it .
sydney siege spurs to show solidarity with muslims : aileen graefsydney , dec . 15
intense gun flashes seen from outside the cafe as armed police begin to storm .
just in : police in australia confirm multiple fatalities , multiple injuries ; gunman's fate unconfirmed watch live :
did you say religion of piss ?
terrorism is a international problem , all nations should stand together against terrorism those countries who promotes it .
it's worth noting the gunman was charged with 7 sexual assaults and as an accessory to the brutal murder of his ex-wife .
intense gun flashes seen from outside the cafe as armed police begin to storm .
re your tweet abt death in . has it been confirmed ? reports don't confirm right now
video ; dramatic footage on as armed police storm cafe to end hostage siege in
initial report jidahi p .o.s dead . our prayers go out to victims of another islamist attack . kill
did you say religion of piss ?
europe closes sharply lower , dax ends over 2 % lower after sydney siege
it's worth noting the gunman was charged with 7 sexual assaults and as an accessory to the brutal murder of his ex-wife .
siege over as police storm cafe (news)
re your tweet abt death in . has it been confirmed ? reports don't confirm right now
reports one of the hostages was killed by the gunman before gunfire . that woman was heavily used on fb , video etc .
initial report jidahi p .o.s dead . our prayers go out to victims of another islamist attack . kill
did he mistake lindt cafe for lindt caliphate ?
europe closes sharply lower , dax ends over 2 % lower after sydney siege
self obssesed idiots . what kind of a person thinks this is okay ? selfie shame at sydney terror siege via
siege over as police storm cafe (news)
what happened in sydney is horrible how can people do that
reports one of the hostages was killed by the gunman before gunfire . that woman was heavily used on fb , video etc .
sydney siege ends with explosions and shouts
did he mistake lindt cafe for lindt caliphate ?
on bsocial media /b, solidarity for sydney muslims amid siege
self obssesed idiots . what kind of a person thinks this is okay ? selfie shame at sydney terror siege via
breaking : at least two killed as police end sydney hostage siege - tv report / afp
what happened in sydney is horrible how can people do that
wow ! that's some crazy shit in i guess needs stricter oh wait guns are illegal there . hmmm that worked
on bsocial media /b, solidarity for sydney muslims amid siege
it's 3 :30 am in nsw . police briefing not expected before dawn on .
wow ! that's some crazy shit in i guess needs stricter oh wait guns are illegal there . hmmm that worked
the dreaded mrap makes an appearance during the montgomery co pa swat incident . a gunman has killed 5 ppl .
it's 3 :30 am in nsw . police briefing not expected before dawn on .
a gunman has killed 5 people in pennsylvania he's any less christian ? why focus on religion .. scumbags exist in every religion
the dreaded mrap makes an appearance during the montgomery co pa swat incident . a gunman has killed 5 ppl .
coin ! lecoincanard : coin ! rahatjobayar : it's time to clean up mess once n forever . condemn
far away from sydney but pledge my support for . this is the only way to defeat terrorism - stay united
all of my love and prayers go out to the hostages in sydney .
a gunman has killed 5 people in pennsylvania he's any less christian ? why focus on religion .. scumbags exist in every religion
what kind of a revenge is this ? attacking innocent people in a chocolate cafe on a monday morning . humanity is degrading .#sydneysiege
coin ! lecoincanard : coin ! rahatjobayar : it's time to clean up mess once n forever . condemn
breaking : australian siege is over : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily
all of my love and prayers go out to the hostages in sydney .
finally got his ex wife justice . good the gunman in sydney is dead .1 less asshole and fanatic .
what kind of a revenge is this ? attacking innocent people in a chocolate cafe on a monday morning . humanity is degrading .#sydneysiege
uber's surge pricing algorithm spikes fares 4 x for folks getting away from the hostage standoff in sydney , australia .
glad the sydney cafe siege is over though , thoughts are with everybody
even tho i hate the idea of people dying i'll make an exception for the gunman
breaking : australian siege is over : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily
'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis ': as predicted , the suspect a
finally got his ex wife justice . good the gunman in sydney is dead .1 less asshole and fanatic .
this is really sad ! is under attacks by a lone gunaman .
uber's surge pricing algorithm spikes fares 4 x for folks getting away from the hostage standoff in sydney , australia .
just wait till finds a babri mosque in sydney ..
even tho i hate the idea of people dying i'll make an exception for the gunman
breaking : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hoursa swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the
this is really sad ! is under attacks by a lone gunaman .
my prayers go out to the individuals involved and the forces that have brought this to a close
just wait till finds a babri mosque in sydney ..
there's ppl saying the sydney siege resembles 9 /11..how
'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis '
multiple fatalities , multiple injuries from , confirm .
my prayers go out to the individuals involved and the forces that have brought this to a close
a 9 mm on one of the hostages would have worked
there's ppl saying the sydney siege resembles 9 /11..how
these australian bsocial media /b reactions to the are perfect
multiple fatalities , multiple injuries from , confirm .
rip to the hostage killed by a sick , twisted individual .
a 9 mm on one of the hostages would have worked
catching up on reports are it's over , two dead , no word on the kidnapper /terrorist/etc
these australian bsocial media /b reactions to the are perfect
rip to the one hostage that lost their life , horrific event !
heavily armed police storm lindt cafe to end siege : heavily armed police storm the cafe in central sydney wher
buzzfeedoz : this video shows police throwing wave upon wave of stun grenades into sydney cafe
rip to the hostage killed by a sick , twisted individual .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : sydney : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after
catching up on reports are it's over , two dead , no word on the kidnapper /terrorist/etc
my thoughts and prayers go out to sydney ..
rip to the one hostage that lost their life , horrific event !
buzzfeedoz : .skynewsaust replaying final seconds of on repeat , reporting four injuries
buzzfeedoz : this video shows police throwing wave upon wave of stun grenades into sydney cafe
at last an end , but sad with two lost lives . can't imagine they were no more when they were for coffee
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : sydney : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after
have a fucken medal you heroes tweeting and reporting unconfirmed casualties . you might be factually right , but morally wrong .
my thoughts and prayers go out to sydney ..
thoughts are with the families and friends of the people involved in
buzzfeedoz : .skynewsaust replaying final seconds of on repeat , reporting four injuries
significantly does have a big problem with jihadists and radicalization , its foreign policy does not help
at last an end , but sad with two lost lives . can't imagine they were no more when they were for coffee
sydney hostage crisis : live report ; the police tweet that the is siege over // - - t
have a fucken medal you heroes tweeting and reporting unconfirmed casualties . you might be factually right , but morally wrong .
a year before ,malala was shooted by taliban terrorists .now terorists ataked sydney cofyhous . de violatd fundmental rights .
thoughts are with the families and friends of the people involved in
3 :30am and i'm still glued to the tv .
significantly does have a big problem with jihadists and radicalization , its foreign policy does not help
2 dead , 3 injured .horrible news about the hostage being killed , thoughts go out to the families
sydney hostage crisis : live report ; the police tweet that the is siege over // - - t
when big things happening e .g. twitter the only place for real time following . but so much noise amidst signal .
a year before ,malala was shooted by taliban terrorists .now terorists ataked sydney cofyhous . de violatd fundmental rights .
been thinking of those poor hostages in sydney today ! so glad they have got away , sad to hear that one died though .
3 :30am and i'm still glued to the tv .
i hope this isn't the first of more to come , poor innocent people hurt due to mental ideology .
2 dead , 3 injured .horrible news about the hostage being killed , thoughts go out to the families
why is not even 1 /4 tweeting about whats happening in sydney
when big things happening e .g. twitter the only place for real time following . but so much noise amidst signal .
omg got into the anti-racism spirit rt : is , ironically enough , the true meaning of christmas .
been thinking of those poor hostages in sydney today ! so glad they have got away , sad to hear that one died though .
praying for the families of the hostages in the sydney siege as well as the hostages themselves . our thoughts are will you 3
i hope this isn't the first of more to come , poor innocent people hurt due to mental ideology .
australia making the same mistake as american liberals ~ media spinning as 'lone wolf ', not an extension of extremist ideology .
why is not even 1 /4 tweeting about whats happening in sydney
the scenes in martin place were incredible . violent , terrible ending to the siege .#sydneysiege
omg got into the anti-racism spirit rt : is , ironically enough , the true meaning of christmas .
uber ! mt fallout at uber for cynical cash grab during the hostage crisis ?
praying for the families of the hostages in the sydney siege as well as the hostages themselves . our thoughts are will you 3
genuine concerns with our legal system if this man was allowed to live amongst people
australia making the same mistake as american liberals ~ media spinning as 'lone wolf ', not an extension of extremist ideology .
just in : no known connection between suspect and any potential plot in the law enforcement source says .
the scenes in martin place were incredible . violent , terrible ending to the siege .#sydneysiege
contradicting earlier reports , gunman supposed to be among the dead .
uber ! mt fallout at uber for cynical cash grab during the hostage crisis ?
the hostages may be free , but it is far from over for australia as a nation .
genuine concerns with our legal system if this man was allowed to live amongst people
if its true those killed in the sydney siege were some of the abducted then its really sad collateral damage . thoughts to the families
just in : no known connection between suspect and any potential plot in the law enforcement source says .
police storm sydney cafe : police storm a sydney cafe where hostages were being held by a gunman identified as
contradicting earlier reports , gunman supposed to be among the dead .
breaking : two people have reportedly been killed , one of them the gunman .
the hostages may be free , but it is far from over for australia as a nation .
respect to movement . i've always loved australia
breaking : two people have reportedly been killed , one of them the gunman .
thoughts are with the friends and family of the hostage that has been killed in sydney
respect to movement . i've always loved australia
stayed up all night , horrified and in shock at this eventful and sad day thankyou to the police force
reports : police have stormed sydney cafe : (function(d, s , id ) { var js , fjs = d .getelementsbyt
thank god most of the people are ok from sydney terro i wish all the family's of the hostages good luck .
thoughts are with the friends and family of the hostage that has been killed in sydney
thankful for the hostages are unharmed , and the perpetrator facing justice . doa really , if you ask me .
stayed up all night , horrified and in shock at this eventful and sad day thankyou to the police force
2 dead including maybe the gunman or another one and 3 injured in the siege thats now over
sydney siege hostage videos all 4 :
also we have now reviewed footage and the fourth stretcher did not have a person on it . apologies . was all happening very fast .
thank god most of the people are ok from sydney terro i wish all the family's of the hostages good luck .
i'm so sorry to hear that there were 2 deaths within the seige . bless the families hearts of the victims .
thankful for the hostages are unharmed , and the perpetrator facing justice . doa really , if you ask me .
sad news that apparently one of the hostages involved in the has died
2 dead including maybe the gunman or another one and 3 injured in the siege thats now over
: hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after cafe siege great to see this !
also we have now reviewed footage and the fourth stretcher did not have a person on it . apologies . was all happening very fast .
the 22 -hour hostage crisis in ends after a gunman took an unknown number of people hostage at cafe this morning
i'm so sorry to hear that there were 2 deaths within the seige . bless the families hearts of the victims .
he said he left shia faith to become a muslim (sunni)
sad news that apparently one of the hostages involved in the has died
how do the people who represent this madman through the judicial system sleep at night ?
: hashtag offers solidarity with sydney's muslims after cafe siege great to see this !
why isn't and abc reporting anything like the deaths ? useless . what is their purpose ?
the 22 -hour hostage crisis in ends after a gunman took an unknown number of people hostage at cafe this morning
sydney under siege gm screams w /out facts . media seem to lust for terror attack for major story ? and our govts to justify war ?
he said he left shia faith to become a muslim (sunni)
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! commandos end sydney cafe siege
how do the people who represent this madman through the judicial system sleep at night ?
we as australians will rise above this together !
why isn't and abc reporting anything like the deaths ? useless . what is their purpose ?
skynews say one hostage dead (rip), and hostage taker is dead .#sydneysiege
sydney under siege gm screams w /out facts . media seem to lust for terror attack for major story ? and our govts to justify war ?
so glad the siege is over but my thoughts and prayers go out to those hostages :(
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! commandos end sydney cafe siege
reports suggesting sydney seige gunman among those killed .
we as australians will rise above this together !
:( praying 4 comfort and strength 4 the victims , their families all those involved . incldng the police all aids god bless
skynews say one hostage dead (rip), and hostage taker is dead .#sydneysiege
rip to the innocent life lost today
so glad the siege is over but my thoughts and prayers go out to those hostages :(
watching the news and videos shown from the sydney siege is crazy wow
reports suggesting sydney seige gunman among those killed .
police storm sydney cafe , siege ends : police confirmed the hostage siege in central sydney wa
:( praying 4 comfort and strength 4 the victims , their families all those involved . incldng the police all aids god bless
2 dead including gunman and hostage who was reportedly killed by the gunman
rip to the innocent life lost today
flag used in sydney cafe siege used by syrian extremist group linked to al qaeda -
watching the news and videos shown from the sydney siege is crazy wow
photo : hostages run with their hands up out of the lindt cafe in sydney after ends .
police storm sydney cafe , siege ends : police confirmed the hostage siege in central sydney wa
the footage from sydney is terrifying . my heart goes out to everyone involved .
2 dead including gunman and hostage who was reportedly killed by the gunman
raw : police storm sydney cafe | watch : via ap
flag used in sydney cafe siege used by syrian extremist group linked to al qaeda -
report : iranian gunman in sydney hostage taking is dead .
photo : hostages run with their hands up out of the lindt cafe in sydney after ends .
i think news from just the last 24 hours has left me unwilling to bring children into this fucked-up world .
the footage from sydney is terrifying . my heart goes out to everyone involved .
i'm saddened to hear what has happened in sydney and my thoughts and prayers are with everyone that has been effected .
raw : police storm sydney cafe | watch : via ap
hostages endured over 16 hours at the hands of their captor
report : iranian gunman in sydney hostage taking is dead .
dearest sydney , clip man haron monis's wing this very eve , you know like they pinion the flamingoes at taronga zoo ! sleep well girl !
i think news from just the last 24 hours has left me unwilling to bring children into this fucked-up world .
confirms one hostage dead . horrific news . i'm sure did everything they could
i'm saddened to hear what has happened in sydney and my thoughts and prayers are with everyone that has been effected .
siege at cafe in over , new south wales police confirm to cnn .
hostages endured over 16 hours at the hands of their captor
indian techie among those rescued in sydney after police storm cafe
dearest sydney , clip man haron monis's wing this very eve , you know like they pinion the flamingoes at taronga zoo ! sleep well girl !
16 a half hours later ., its all over . prayers going to everyone involved with the sydney siege .-i can now sleep .sat in front of tv all day
confirms one hostage dead . horrific news . i'm sure did everything they could
if it's true my thoughts and prayers go out to the hostage who lost their life during the sydney siege xx
siege at cafe in over , new south wales police confirm to cnn .
thank god is now over . great work by nsw police but disappointed abt the lives lost .
indian techie among those rescued in sydney after police storm cafe
my prayer goes out to the hostages in the ! and my prayers go out to all the muslims there who are going to face discrimination .
16 a half hours later ., its all over . prayers going to everyone involved with the sydney siege .-i can now sleep .sat in front of tv all day
heartfelt condolences to the innocent hostage killed in the . 1 person short of a great outcome , 1 person ! damn !#illridewithyou
if it's true my thoughts and prayers go out to the hostage who lost their life during the sydney siege xx
finally siege endedtwo were serious when seige ended
thank god is now over . great work by nsw police but disappointed abt the lives lost .
photo : hostages in sydney , australia run toward armed tactical response police .
my prayer goes out to the hostages in the ! and my prayers go out to all the muslims there who are going to face discrimination .
thank you and well done to who reported the via twitter and kept the public and news updated
heartfelt condolences to the innocent hostage killed in the . 1 person short of a great outcome , 1 person ! damn !#illridewithyou
a good summary of the ; thank goodness it concluded .
finally siege endedtwo were serious when seige ended
and yet muslims have the nerve to accuse people who dislike islam for obvious reasons as being 'phobic'
photo : hostages in sydney , australia run toward armed tactical response police .
saddened and shocked to hear an innocent person has been killed as a result of this awful situation in sydney :(
thank you and well done to who reported the via twitter and kept the public and news updated
tribune : sydney siege : police storm cafe in dramatic end to hostage standoff
a good summary of the ; thank goodness it concluded .
yes , only in movies like 'fast and furious ' oh wait
and yet muslims have the nerve to accuse people who dislike islam for obvious reasons as being 'phobic'
mt sydney hostage-taker identified as 'muslim cleric ' accused of sexual assaults , lmurder of ex-wife
saddened and shocked to hear an innocent person has been killed as a result of this awful situation in sydney :(
2 people were killed . one hostage and the the other was the gunman .
tribune : sydney siege : police storm cafe in dramatic end to hostage standoff
how we approach the aftermath will define us
yes , only in movies like 'fast and furious ' oh wait
commandos storm a cafe in sydney , australia , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an iranian refugee who t
mt sydney hostage-taker identified as 'muslim cleric ' accused of sexual assaults , lmurder of ex-wife
rip to the hostage that has sadly lost their life :(
how we approach the aftermath will define us
the amount of gunfire in the was immense , yet one losing a hostage is still a very sad occurrence
rip to the hostage that has sadly lost their life :(
so is said to be over but now its reported two are dead so sad
one hostage and a hostage-taker have been killed in the :
heroes left right and centre , from the brave police to the defiant hostage who fell in the fight . remember this day
the amount of gunfire in the was immense , yet one losing a hostage is still a very sad occurrence
thank god it has been over .
police storm sydney cafe | hostage taker named as iranian refugee
you risk your lives to save ours and people forget that sometimes . not anymore . thank you .
so is said to be over but now its reported two are dead so sad
hostage killed by gunman . police only went in when hostages in danger .
heroes left right and centre , from the brave police to the defiant hostage who fell in the fight . remember this day
the gunman is dead i have never been more relieved in my entire life
thank god it has been over .
fair play to those police that stormed the cafe
you risk your lives to save ours and people forget that sometimes . not anymore . thank you .
life saving tips on how to survive a attack after
the gunman is dead i have never been more relieved in my entire life
i literally cannot believe what's happening in sydney
fair play to those police that stormed the cafe
grateful to hear the is over but sad to hear several people were killed or wounded . hopefully hostages will receive counselling
life saving tips on how to survive a attack after
removalists inflooding sydney conjunction surry hills : zeduzxa
since aftnun we hv info abt nly indian hostage bt now govt confrms thr r 2 hostage namly pushpendu ghosh vishwakant ankireddy
sydney siege : australian police confirms siege has ended , 2 dead - may their soul rip . rlvd abt 2 indians being safe
grateful to hear the is over but sad to hear several people were killed or wounded . hopefully hostages will receive counselling
islamist pig terrorist haroun mounis killed !! all hostages taken out safely !! 1 dead , 3 injured !!#sydneysiege
removalists inflooding sydney conjunction surry hills : zeduzxa
relieved the sydney siege is over . my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone that's been harmed by this attack , emotionally and physically
sydney siege : australian police confirms siege has ended , 2 dead - may their soul rip . rlvd abt 2 indians being safe
breaking : sydney hostage taker among two people killed after cafe siege ends in gunfire . via sky news
gunman dead in sydney siege . 1 other dead , 3 seriously injured .
gvts should not .negotiate with terrorists aus showed weakness .
islamist pig terrorist haroun mounis killed !! all hostages taken out safely !! 1 dead , 3 injured !!#sydneysiege
i give my prayers and condolences to those impacted by the crazy things in this world .
relieved the sydney siege is over . my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone that's been harmed by this attack , emotionally and physically
just in : police in australia confirm multiple fatalities , multiple injuries ; gunman's fate unconfirmed
gvts should not .negotiate with terrorists aus showed weakness .
jacob did you see what happened in sydney it was so scary , still is
i give my prayers and condolences to those impacted by the crazy things in this world .
yes sydney is in crisis but there's nothing 5 sos can do about that , they're focusing on positivity
just in : police in australia confirm multiple fatalities , multiple injuries ; gunman's fate unconfirmed
rip to that poor hostage . love to their family . :(
i *need* some good news - sounds like the sydney cafe siege is over . may it be so .
: rip to the hostage who died in sydney x
jacob did you see what happened in sydney it was so scary , still is
two people believed to be dead in , including gunman man monis . live stream and live on
yes sydney is in crisis but there's nothing 5 sos can do about that , they're focusing on positivity
:it's a regular drill exercise at , he's innocent like batla house angels .
rip to that poor hostage . love to their family . :(
thank you all for not letting tht 1 incident dictate u , keep this spirit up thanx frm muslim community
: rip to the hostage who died in sydney x
who cares about the sydney siege !! my album is out now !!!!1! have some fucking respect
two people believed to be dead in , including gunman man monis . live stream and live on
if anyone is looking for a job , i'm positive will be looking for a pr rep in the immediate future .
:it's a regular drill exercise at , he's innocent like batla house angels .
the so called cleric helled by , police now ,
thank you all for not letting tht 1 incident dictate u , keep this spirit up thanx frm muslim community
u mean muslim sunni's do have godman ??ha ha babe ,be more creative 2 defend the indefensible !! rofl
who cares about the sydney siege !! my album is out now !!!!1! have some fucking respect
the hostage situation in sydney over . why can't president jonathan be effective
if anyone is looking for a job , i'm positive will be looking for a pr rep in the immediate future .
incredible footage coming from all stations . a similar situation in the uk , and media wouldn't be allowed within sixty miles .
the so called cleric helled by , police now ,
from gaza to sydney . islam at work .
u mean muslim sunni's do have godman ??ha ha babe ,be more creative 2 defend the indefensible !! rofl
this is also the time to congratulate the special forces who bravely stormed the to end the
the hostage situation in sydney over . why can't president jonathan be effective
so glad it's over , i hope the hostages that got out are safe , my heart goes to those families that lost loved ones today . r .i.p
incredible footage coming from all stations . a similar situation in the uk , and media wouldn't be allowed within sixty miles .
iranian refugee and radical muslim cleric sheik man haron monis is the gunman at the (now over ) .he
this is also the time to congratulate the special forces who bravely stormed the to end the
just heard that charged surge-pricing during sydney hostage situation yesterday . smh
so glad it's over , i hope the hostages that got out are safe , my heart goes to those families that lost loved ones today . r .i.p
now they are trying to blame arabs for the cafe in sydney that someone is holding people hostage in there .
iranian refugee and radical muslim cleric sheik man haron monis is the gunman at the (now over ) .he
it appears the jihadist in sydney is into his 72 virgins already ,
rip to the hostage that was killed in the sydney siege . absolutly tragic !
the terrorist's name is haroon monis from iran .he was a history sheeter .very very pleased to know that he is also killed
just heard that charged surge-pricing during sydney hostage situation yesterday . smh
sydney cafe siege ends after police storm site of
now they are trying to blame arabs for the cafe in sydney that someone is holding people hostage in there .
so sorry to hear that one hostage has died and three injured . don't give a damn about gunman . when will this kind of evil end ?
it appears the jihadist in sydney is into his 72 virgins already ,
ugh , so sad to hear of the horrible end to the sydney siege .
the terrorist's name is haroon monis from iran .he was a history sheeter .very very pleased to know that he is also killed
i can't comprehend what just happened in sydney shit like this doesn't happen in australia
sydney cafe siege ends after police storm site of
bbc will keep on calling him gunman even after he exposes his ass wrapped w / flag .
so sorry to hear that one hostage has died and three injured . don't give a damn about gunman . when will this kind of evil end ?
sydney cafe siege ends with two , including gunman , reported dead via
i can't comprehend what just happened in sydney shit like this doesn't happen in australia
2 dead in siege , 1 of which is the gunman - sky news
bbc will keep on calling him gunman even after he exposes his ass wrapped w / flag .
some of the anti-muslim tweets in the wake of are sickening . that was one madman , his being muslim had nothing to do with it .
sydney cafe siege ends with two , including gunman , reported dead via
today dbatew topic is very much relevant n questions has been asked to politicians is 1000 % currect .any of them ws not ans .
gunfire , blasts as sydney siege ends world business news -
the is with two people reported and three in serious condition .
2 dead in siege , 1 of which is the gunman - sky news
so glad that the hostage drama is over , but a saddened feeling because two people are reportedly died
some of the anti-muslim tweets in the wake of are sickening . that was one madman , his being muslim had nothing to do with it .
so now where to for all the anti safas who fled to sydney to escape sunny sa ? welcome to the isis play park ?
today dbatew topic is very much relevant n questions has been asked to politicians is 1000 % currect .any of them ws not ans .
two die as swat commandos storm cafe to bring sydney siege to an end -
so glad that the hostage drama is over , but a saddened feeling because two people are reportedly died
.. news reporting that the gun man has been killed .
so now where to for all the anti safas who fled to sydney to escape sunny sa ? welcome to the isis play park ?
asiancorrespondent - australians offer support to muslims amid siege : sydney - some australian social-media us
two die as swat commandos storm cafe to bring sydney siege to an end -
sydney siege : police storm lindt chocolate cafe , hostages rescued (raw v : via
photo : the is with two people reported and three in serious condition .
no confirmation yet from officials on the condition of the gunman responsible for (via yet say otherwise
.. news reporting that the gun man has been killed .
----this glasgow scum on my tl . . normally glasgow is such a nice place .
asiancorrespondent - australians offer support to muslims amid siege : sydney - some australian social-media us
just remember people 2 months ago martin place was named as a possible target ..guy who shouldn't b on bail ..sounds sus
sydney siege : police storm lindt chocolate cafe , hostages rescued (raw v : via
what the hell is happening to sydney i don't get it
no confirmation yet from officials on the condition of the gunman responsible for (via yet say otherwise
at least 2 people appear to be injured in sydney hostage situation as police - town hall : at least 2 peopl
----this glasgow scum on my tl . . normally glasgow is such a nice place .
it could've finished better but anyway , thank god is over .thoughts with families involved australia .
just remember people 2 months ago martin place was named as a possible target ..guy who shouldn't b on bail ..sounds sus
can't believe that an innocent life has been lost thoughts are with the family x
what the hell is happening to sydney i don't get it
actually is it right for the police to storm in the scene and begin gunfire with hostages in there ??
at least 2 people appear to be injured in sydney hostage situation as police - town hall : at least 2 peopl
shots fired : hostages flee sydney cafe (news)
it could've finished better but anyway , thank god is over .thoughts with families involved australia .
would lead to bigger backlash for muslims globally , terrorists harm the most the ones they say they are fighting for !
can't believe that an innocent life has been lost thoughts are with the family x
five hostages escape lindt cafe as suspected gunman with islamic flag is named locally as 'sheikh' man haron monis
actually is it right for the police to storm in the scene and begin gunfire with hostages in there ??
this isn't meant to happen in our country
shots fired : hostages flee sydney cafe (news)
thank god is over tho its still very sad that we lost one of the hostages today , my thoughts and prayers to those affected .
would lead to bigger backlash for muslims globally , terrorists harm the most the ones they say they are fighting for !
it's 3 :30am and i've been watching the all of today i'm so exhausted prayers go out to the victims effected and their family
five hostages escape lindt cafe as suspected gunman with islamic flag is named locally as 'sheikh' man haron monis
sydney siege ends we have bio details of the hostage-taker
this isn't meant to happen in our country
catching up on , i feel sick .
thank god is over tho its still very sad that we lost one of the hostages today , my thoughts and prayers to those affected .
is the first attack on australian soil so far ???
it's 3 :30am and i've been watching the all of today i'm so exhausted prayers go out to the victims effected and their family
a lil more info :police storm sydney hostage cafe via
sydney siege ends we have bio details of the hostage-taker
police identify sydney assailant as iranian refugee facing sexual assault charges .
catching up on , i feel sick .
the data recommendations up ahead hiring a at concert pitch plumber sydney : nitd
is the first attack on australian soil so far ???
drama over , now please go home and i will go on samadhi for next 1200 years . nandi will take care of this account from now on .
a lil more info :police storm sydney hostage cafe via
gunman in sydney was just another run-of-the-mill perverted radical sub-human scumbag . basically a cockroach .
police identify sydney assailant as iranian refugee facing sexual assault charges .
police have mentioned that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage
the data recommendations up ahead hiring a at concert pitch plumber sydney : nitd
of course it's not just the but also everyone who has contributed to the end of the but thank you .
drama over , now please go home and i will go on samadhi for next 1200 years . nandi will take care of this account from now on .
two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman .
gunman in sydney was just another run-of-the-mill perverted radical sub-human scumbag . basically a cockroach .
can't believe the shit that went down in sydney , i was in sydney a few days ago , sydney can't survive without me
police have mentioned that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage
sydney hostage-taker had many run-ins with police
of course it's not just the but also everyone who has contributed to the end of the but thank you .
aaahh so sad to hear one hostage has been killed in
two people are dead after the siege , one believed to be the gunman .
dear news channels , learn something from oz media . no point beating your chest on being first to talk to indian family .
can't believe the shit that went down in sydney , i was in sydney a few days ago , sydney can't survive without me
two people , a hostage and the gunman reportedly were killed . so sad for the hostage's family . :-(
aaahh so sad to hear one hostage has been killed in
it would appear from reports , escaping hostages escalated situation . tired gunman opened fire prompting special forces action
dear news channels , learn something from oz media . no point beating your chest on being first to talk to indian family .
aus media reports two dead in . gunman and tragically a hostage . police officer injured . siege over
two people , a hostage and the gunman reportedly were killed . so sad for the hostage's family . :-(
: jim geraghty , iowahawk crush reaction to terrorist's isis flag with shatterin .. ~via twitchy
confused about whats going on in sydney tbh
want to know why the c .i.a., you're welcome .
it would appear from reports , escaping hostages escalated situation . tired gunman opened fire prompting special forces action
two indian nationals--vishwakant ankireddy and pushpendu ghosh -- involved in the sydney hostage crisis safe
aus media reports two dead in . gunman and tragically a hostage . police officer injured . siege over
thoughts and prayers going out to sydney . let's remember that speculation aids no one .
: jim geraghty , iowahawk crush reaction to terrorist's isis flag with shatterin .. ~via twitchy
sad for the person who's been killed in sydney
want to know why the c .i.a., you're welcome .
to the colombian people applauds that sydney police has executed to islamist terrorist ! so it must be !
thoughts and prayers going out to sydney . let's remember that speculation aids no one .
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via many prayers needed
sad for the person who's been killed in sydney
cnn news -anger at uber as fares soar during sydney cafe siege -cnn news today : via
to the colombian people applauds that sydney police has executed to islamist terrorist ! so it must be !
next 2 -3 days , media people will work overtime to defend a particular religion .
two dead after police storm sydney cafe
oh good - i've just seen my first american tweet using to support gun ownership . from a fox contributor . how shocking . and no .
lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via many prayers needed
fox friends will now parse sydney crisis with terrorism expert donald trump via
cnn news -anger at uber as fares soar during sydney cafe siege -cnn news today : via
how unfortunate , in crisis you guys are only worried about the safety of indians ?
next 2 -3 days , media people will work overtime to defend a particular religion .
sydney hostage crisis : infosys techie vishwakant ankireddy's father prays for - financial express : financi
oh good - i've just seen my first american tweet using to support gun ownership . from a fox contributor . how shocking . and no .
one hostage and the hostage taker dead . - sky news citing australian media
fox friends will now parse sydney crisis with terrorism expert donald trump via
comes to an end after over 16 hours . impressive action by australian police and security forces .
how unfortunate , in crisis you guys are only worried about the safety of indians ?
feeling a little upset with a journalist calling the hostage taker a 'gentleman'.
sydney hostage crisis : infosys techie vishwakant ankireddy's father prays for - financial express : financi
sydney siege : jihadist seizes cafe , takes hostages - now over
one hostage and the hostage taker dead . - sky news citing australian media
perquisite approximately as so give the business refrigerator repairs sydney : dcoiod
comes to an end after over 16 hours . impressive action by australian police and security forces .
live : abc news australia simulcast on cbs news digital -
feeling a little upset with a journalist calling the hostage taker a 'gentleman'.
illridewithyou : support for muslim australians takes off following sydney siege
sydney siege : jihadist seizes cafe , takes hostages - now over
i hope people in sydney are okay i havent been online for a while i dont know whats happening atm
perquisite approximately as so give the business refrigerator repairs sydney : dcoiod
sydney : top 10 sydney (eyewitness top 10 travel guide ): dk eyewitness travel guide : top 10 sydney will lead you strai
live : abc news australia simulcast on cbs news digital -
one hostage has been killed in the sydney seige , oh no d :
illridewithyou : support for muslim australians takes off following sydney siege
watch : heavily armed police storm sydney cafe where hostages were being held .
i hope people in sydney are okay i havent been online for a while i dont know whats happening atm
sydney siege : sad news - one hostage also reportedly dead in the siege
sydney : top 10 sydney (eyewitness top 10 travel guide ): dk eyewitness travel guide : top 10 sydney will lead you strai
gunman killed a hostage that's why the police went in
one hostage has been killed in the sydney seige , oh no d :
that gunman should be locked up and punished the fact his actions caused someone so innocent to die makes me sick to the stomach
watch : heavily armed police storm sydney cafe where hostages were being held .
glad 2 hear that the people of sydney got out of that with some degree of success .let this be an example of how destructive religion can be
sydney siege : sad news - one hostage also reportedly dead in the siege
rip to the hostage who was killed during the fire fight
that gunman should be locked up and punished the fact his actions caused someone so innocent to die makes me sick to the stomach
hope everyone in sydney and their families are alright
glad 2 hear that the people of sydney got out of that with some degree of success .let this be an example of how destructive religion can be
very dramatic footage from the sydney seige , thoughts go out to the hostages and their families .
rip to the hostage who was killed during the fire fight
latest : sydney hostage crisis : infosys techie vishwakant ankireddy's father prays for - finan
oh yes finally the gunman is dead !
the indian media has been comparing the sydney siege with 26 /11 mumbai .there is a great difference between the
very dramatic footage from the sydney seige , thoughts go out to the hostages and their families .
why was a man facing 40 indecent assault charges as well as one for the murder of his ex-wife out to carry out the attack ?
latest : sydney hostage crisis : infosys techie vishwakant ankireddy's father prays for - finan
police storm the cafe to end the siege
the indian media has been comparing the sydney siege with 26 /11 mumbai .there is a great difference between the
every news service (on twitter ) has differing versions of . making it up ?
looks like they finally got that maniac in sydney . well done !
not really . he's part of a growing group of seemingly unrelated terrorists . a whole new level of terrorism .
why was a man facing 40 indecent assault charges as well as one for the murder of his ex-wife out to carry out the attack ?
business services | reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today
police storm the cafe to end the siege
rip to the hostages killed in sydney today xx you didn't deserve this xx thoughts are with their family xx
every news service (on twitter ) has differing versions of . making it up ?
due to and indian efforts 2 indians rescued safely in 1 )ankit reddy and 2 ) pushpendru ghosh thanx 2 our
not really . he's part of a growing group of seemingly unrelated terrorists . a whole new level of terrorism .
we were in constant touch with our mission in sydney and the family of reddy . pm was monitoring the situation throughout : eam sushma swaraj
business services | reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today
really hope all , except the gunman , only have minor injuries (if any ) and are all safe !
rip to the hostages killed in sydney today xx you didn't deserve this xx thoughts are with their family xx
tue , 16 dec 2014 00 :28:13 +0800police storm sydney cafe as hostages flee
due to and indian efforts 2 indians rescued safely in 1 )ankit reddy and 2 ) pushpendru ghosh thanx 2 our
i'm no tactical expert , but there seemed to be a lot of flash-bangs used to end the
we were in constant touch with our mission in sydney and the family of reddy . pm was monitoring the situation throughout : eam sushma swaraj
attacker wanted in iran in 1996 fled to australia . he converted from shia islam to sunni islam became isis supporter .
really hope all , except the gunman , only have minor injuries (if any ) and are all safe !
betfred , bexhill : cctv : police hunting masked gunman after robbery at bookmakers
tue , 16 dec 2014 00 :28:13 +0800police storm sydney cafe as hostages flee
is over . after all this , i hope the 'religion' isn't questioned . thoughts are with the people concerned .
i'm no tactical expert , but there seemed to be a lot of flash-bangs used to end the
for many reasons australia is my favorite place on earth . i hope all heals quickly in sydney . love hugs to my aussie buddies .
attacker wanted in iran in 1996 fled to australia . he converted from shia islam to sunni islam became isis supporter .
i've spent the whole day following the and i'm pretty disappointed that no one on my timeline has shown any interest in it
betfred , bexhill : cctv : police hunting masked gunman after robbery at bookmakers
pundits who claim expertise in shia sunni is , continue to suggest a shia hostage seeker may have sympathies fr
is over . after all this , i hope the 'religion' isn't questioned . thoughts are with the people concerned .
hope the crisis comes to an end quickly and with no loss of life . we hope sydney can return to normal as soon as possible .
for many reasons australia is my favorite place on earth . i hope all heals quickly in sydney . love hugs to my aussie buddies .
i can't handle anymore speculation over who and how many died . i'll wake up to the bad news in the morning .
i've spent the whole day following the and i'm pretty disappointed that no one on my timeline has shown any interest in it
at least 2 reportedly dead after sydney hostage situation ends . and another standoff in pa . at least 5 people dead .
pundits who claim expertise in shia sunni is , continue to suggest a shia hostage seeker may have sympathies fr
tremendous courage bravery professionalism shown by in sydney today thoughts with the injured responders
hope the crisis comes to an end quickly and with no loss of life . we hope sydney can return to normal as soon as possible .
thinking of sydney today . i have some great memories of that fantastic city .
i can't handle anymore speculation over who and how many died . i'll wake up to the bad news in the morning .
video : man behind as seen in 2011 file footage
at least 2 reportedly dead after sydney hostage situation ends . and another standoff in pa . at least 5 people dead .
every muslim says that terrorists have no religion . when a terrorist is caught these very muslims come out in support of him
tremendous courage bravery professionalism shown by in sydney today thoughts with the injured responders
theocratic neofascism can be found in tiny subcultures of christianity , hinduism , islam , judaism
thinking of sydney today . i have some great memories of that fantastic city .
glad the is over , thoughts with all . hope the reports of a hostage death are untrue . stay safe x
video : man behind as seen in 2011 file footage
police storm cafe live blog : siege in sydney's martin place via
every muslim says that terrorists have no religion . when a terrorist is caught these very muslims come out in support of him
police : sydney siege 'is over ': more than 16 hours into the hostage situation in sydney , a dramatic sc
theocratic neofascism can be found in tiny subcultures of christianity , hinduism , islam , judaism
gunman killed hostage . police killed gunman . rot in hell asshole .
glad the is over , thoughts with all . hope the reports of a hostage death are untrue . stay safe x
australia - sydney hostage taker is dead and 1 hostage has died after armed forces storm cafe .
police storm cafe live blog : siege in sydney's martin place via
feeling deep sadness for family and friends of hostages . we are all family in sydney .
police : sydney siege 'is over ': more than 16 hours into the hostage situation in sydney , a dramatic sc
| : royal australian regiment commandos ended seige , two killed including gunman
gunman killed hostage . police killed gunman . rot in hell asshole .
rj news : police storm sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages : australian security forces on tuesday sto
feeling deep sadness for family and friends of hostages . we are all family in sydney .
i liked a video raw : police storm sydney cafe
| : royal australian regiment commandos ended seige , two killed including gunman
it's so horrible about what's happened in sydney , so sad for the family of the person who's been killed
rj news : police storm sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages : australian security forces on tuesday sto
the new years in sydney rumor is making me terrified , it better be the fakest *hit of the decade .
i liked a video raw : police storm sydney cafe
visit to papua new guinea , media release , 14 dec 2014, australian minister for foreign affair
it's so horrible about what's happened in sydney , so sad for the family of the person who's been killed
let's not be too flippant when talking about 'the dead '. one of them is one of us .
the new years in sydney rumor is making me terrified , it better be the fakest *hit of the decade .
the gunman even wrote offensive letters to families of aussie soldiers who died overseas . scum . why move here if you hate us so much ???
visit to papua new guinea , media release , 14 dec 2014, australian minister for foreign affair
good that gunman is shot down saving a lot for the exchequer . lot to learn for india
let's not be too flippant when talking about 'the dead '. one of them is one of us .
the violence in sydney is just horrible thank god its over
the gunman even wrote offensive letters to families of aussie soldiers who died overseas . scum . why move here if you hate us so much ???
at least 5 dead as gunman goes on rampage in penn / every damn day in 'murica - how long will we put up with this ?
i'm so glad that all the stuff in sydney is over .
sick indian msm is more concerned about than
good that gunman is shot down saving a lot for the exchequer . lot to learn for india
an injured hostage is carried out of the sydney cafe . more photos :
the violence in sydney is just horrible thank god its over
- islam is the bogus fuel every psychopath needs to indulge in terrorism
at least 5 dead as gunman goes on rampage in penn / every damn day in 'murica - how long will we put up with this ?
sad to hear at least one hostage dead in sydney siege
sick indian msm is more concerned about than
of course first reports are going to say hostage killed by the gunman
an injured hostage is carried out of the sydney cafe . more photos :
based on the gunman's violent past , have to question whether assumptions of terrorism would've been made if he wasn't muslim
- islam is the bogus fuel every psychopath needs to indulge in terrorism
devastated a hostage lost their life ..just went in for coffee .. :'(
sad to hear at least one hostage dead in sydney siege
its scary bc the shooting was so close to home , its only half an hour from me and the gunman was from western sydney and its just scary
of course first reports are going to say hostage killed by the gunman
my thoughts are with the people and families of the sydney hostage situation . i'm heartbroken over their loss .
based on the gunman's violent past , have to question whether assumptions of terrorism would've been made if he wasn't muslim
is over and a hostage was killed . very tragic ! thankful it is over now and i pray the victims can find strength to heal .
devastated a hostage lost their life ..just went in for coffee .. :'(
i am so angry bc that terrorist in sydney died bc he should deserve all that hate and angry alive .
my thoughts are with the people and families of the sydney hostage situation . i'm heartbroken over their loss .
everybody in sydney please don't be afraid to go about your daily business tomorrow .
is over and a hostage was killed . very tragic ! thankful it is over now and i pray the victims can find strength to heal .
latest on . 2 people believed dead in including gunman man monis via
i am so angry bc that terrorist in sydney died bc he should deserve all that hate and angry alive .
sydney siege : heavily armed police storm lindt cafe in martin place
our hears go out to everyone in sydney ! 3
easy 4 d bloody politicians 2 sermonise whn they r under d protection of z security , giv security 2 us v too cn sermonise
everybody in sydney please don't be afraid to go about your daily business tomorrow .
these fundamentalist fanatics in get ready if innocent people died because of this so called cleric .
latest on . 2 people believed dead in including gunman man monis via
sydney my heart is there with in my homeland from here in my home in boston .
sydney siege : heavily armed police storm lindt cafe in martin place
har har mahadev ! held hostages in sydney are safe . some of them are injured . some thought to be dead . mahadev be with them _ /_
easy 4 d bloody politicians 2 sermonise whn they r under d protection of z security , giv security 2 us v too cn sermonise
most le playbooks for these situations stress preservation of life for all - though the gunman is obvi lower priority .
these fundamentalist fanatics in get ready if innocent people died because of this so called cleric .
so sad this happened in my idyllic hometown . thoughts with those affected .
sydney my heart is there with in my homeland from here in my home in boston .
i'm glad the situation in sydney was resolved .
har har mahadev ! held hostages in sydney are safe . some of them are injured . some thought to be dead . mahadev be with them _ /_
still visibly shaken from watching the lindt cafe storm . my heart to the victims and damn that gunman to hell
most le playbooks for these situations stress preservation of life for all - though the gunman is obvi lower priority .
terrorist was a sexual predator now he's a confirmed murderer . he did this to offer proof that islam is the religon of peace .
so sad this happened in my idyllic hometown . thoughts with those affected .
so relieved the is over . hoping those involved are given the help they need to come to terms with their experiences .
i'm glad the situation in sydney was resolved .
two killed including the gunman , it's over now , my country can rest . thanks for the love
still visibly shaken from watching the lindt cafe storm . my heart to the victims and damn that gunman to hell
so sad to hear that 1 of the hostages has passed away !! my thoughts and prayers got out to his /her family !!
terrorist was a sexual predator now he's a confirmed murderer . he did this to offer proof that islam is the religon of peace .
police storm sydney cafe : police storm a sydney cafe where hostages were being held
so relieved the is over . hoping those involved are given the help they need to come to terms with their experiences .
after is a wonderful response . we could all learn a lot from this .
two killed including the gunman , it's over now , my country can rest . thanks for the love
how siege unfolded : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney .
so sad to hear that 1 of the hostages has passed away !! my thoughts and prayers got out to his /her family !!
terrorism has become a religion soon we have to slaughter the terrorism else it will nuke us all .. wake up call for all ..
police storm sydney cafe : police storm a sydney cafe where hostages were being held
with twenty two counts of aggravated assault , amongst others , why would this self proclaimed sheik be released on bail ?
after is a wonderful response . we could all learn a lot from this .
there is no difference between politics and religion to radicals muslims
how siege unfolded : a major police operation was under way monday morning in sydney .
nope it's 2 died of heart attacks because of their injuries , 5 are injured and the gunman is dead
terrorism has become a religion soon we have to slaughter the terrorism else it will nuke us all .. wake up call for all ..
thanks to god ki sydney k saare hostage bahar aa gaye ..
with twenty two counts of aggravated assault , amongst others , why would this self proclaimed sheik be released on bail ?
haron monis , received political asylum in australia in 1996 . deport criminals like haron not julien blanc
there is no difference between politics and religion to radicals muslims
western daily press published sydney cafe hostages : armed police storm cafe to release hostages : the sydney ca
nope it's 2 died of heart attacks because of their injuries , 5 are injured and the gunman is dead
, et al , any similarity with how we handle a similar situation ?
thanks to god ki sydney k saare hostage bahar aa gaye ..
sounds like cross fire got most ..no plan
haron monis , received political asylum in australia in 1996 . deport criminals like haron not julien blanc
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the hea
western daily press published sydney cafe hostages : armed police storm cafe to release hostages : the sydney ca
that cafe in sydney that the gunman was in today is where my nanny used to bring my little cousins when she lived over there the past year ..
, et al , any similarity with how we handle a similar situation ?
good to hear they've killed the twat taking hostages in sydney
sounds like cross fire got most ..no plan
sydney siege ends : gunman and one hostage dead , according to local media .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the hea
in other news , gunman in kills 5 people . he wasn't muslim so i guess no one cares
that cafe in sydney that the gunman was in today is where my nanny used to bring my little cousins when she lived over there the past year ..
live : loud explosions heard as police storm lindt cafe via - it's over thank god !!!!
good to hear they've killed the twat taking hostages in sydney
rip to the hostage who was killed by the gunman .
sydney siege ends : gunman and one hostage dead , according to local media .
i hope the gunman rots in hell .
in other news , gunman in kills 5 people . he wasn't muslim so i guess no one cares
wow all of the racial hate comments online generalising all muslims because of one person is sick . very unfair .
live : loud explosions heard as police storm lindt cafe via - it's over thank god !!!!
this thing with sydney scared me this morning ; we have someone in our college class who is doing her internship in sydney rn
rip to the hostage who was killed by the gunman .
is soooo terrifying , never imagined something like that happening
i hope the gunman rots in hell .
isis sydney hostages : where does the left stand ? via
wow all of the racial hate comments online generalising all muslims because of one person is sick . very unfair .
no official confirmation , but the two deceased are the gunman and a hostage .
this thing with sydney scared me this morning ; we have someone in our college class who is doing her internship in sydney rn
an armed man entered a cafe in sydney this morning and took a lot of people as hostage , here's a link ,
is soooo terrifying , never imagined something like that happening
he killed a hostage , the horrible bastard .
isis sydney hostages : where does the left stand ? via
reporting that two deaths have been recorded , one of which is the gunman . two seriously injured .
no official confirmation , but the two deceased are the gunman and a hostage .
sydney siege over : police storm cafe , gunman said to have been killed , 4 injured
an armed man entered a cafe in sydney this morning and took a lot of people as hostage , here's a link ,
an innocent person is dead in sydney today because of a religious fundamentalist .he said islam is a peaceful religion
he killed a hostage , the horrible bastard .
yep and shows the police did everything correctly and all the could . the gunman was a coward and a disgrace to humanity .
reporting that two deaths have been recorded , one of which is the gunman . two seriously injured .
breaking : two dead at scene of sydney siege :
sydney siege over : police storm cafe , gunman said to have been killed , 4 injured
my heart breaks for the person killed while held hostage . a truly devastating day . my thoughts go out to everyone involved
an innocent person is dead in sydney today because of a religious fundamentalist .he said islam is a peaceful religion
all my prayers to the people affected hope they're fine
yep and shows the police did everything correctly and all the could . the gunman was a coward and a disgrace to humanity .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed
breaking : two dead at scene of sydney siege :
rip to the hostage what a shitty world we live in
my heart breaks for the person killed while held hostage . a truly devastating day . my thoughts go out to everyone involved
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakant
all my prayers to the people affected hope they're fine
do you actually give a damn about the horror inflicted on the hostages today ? one of whom has been killed by the gunman ?
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed
did sonia gandhi have tears in her eyes on hearing the gunmen were killed ?
rip to the hostage what a shitty world we live in
sydney hostage situation over after armed police storm cafe
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakant
fatalities reported after sydney siege comes to an endmore to follow .
do you actually give a damn about the horror inflicted on the hostages today ? one of whom has been killed by the gunman ?
heartbreaking watching news . praying for all those involved who were involved in the . hoping they're all safe .
did sonia gandhi have tears in her eyes on hearing the gunmen were killed ?
sydney hostage taker told obama to stop hiding his religion
sydney hostage situation over after armed police storm cafe
the hostage taker in sydney , is dead or alive ? thanks to the comandos
fatalities reported after sydney siege comes to an endmore to follow .
looks like he managed to take a hostage with him before he got blown away . bastard .
heartbreaking watching news . praying for all those involved who were involved in the . hoping they're all safe .
yo if ur mad at ur mutuals bc they cant comprehend 5 sos promoting their new album while there's shit going on in sydney just unfollow them
sydney hostage taker told obama to stop hiding his religion
to all of our emergency services thankyou . you are all heroes .
the hostage taker in sydney , is dead or alive ? thanks to the comandos
sydney siege is now over . ultimate respect for the police risking their lives to save those innocent people .
looks like he managed to take a hostage with him before he got blown away . bastard .
omg . what a horrific situation in sydney :(
yo if ur mad at ur mutuals bc they cant comprehend 5 sos promoting their new album while there's shit going on in sydney just unfollow them
thanks to for the quality of their live coverage of esp :
to all of our emergency services thankyou . you are all heroes .
terrorists have nothing to do with islam . mosquitoes have nothing to do with malaria
sydney siege is now over . ultimate respect for the police risking their lives to save those innocent people .
mt 2 people believed to be dead in , including gunman man monis live stream live on
omg . what a horrific situation in sydney :(
it was so scary to watch so sudden . then i found out 1 hostage died , the gunman killed them :(
thanks to for the quality of their live coverage of esp :
confirmed : hostage taker one hostage dead
terrorists have nothing to do with islam . mosquitoes have nothing to do with malaria
dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe with guns and stun grenades as terrified
mt 2 people believed to be dead in , including gunman man monis live stream live on
can't believe what i'm seeing so scary and sad
it was so scary to watch so sudden . then i found out 1 hostage died , the gunman killed them :(
siege ends after heavily-armed police storm australian cafe
confirmed : hostage taker one hostage dead
my thoughts and prayers go out to the hostages and their families involved in the sydney australia armed siege and the emergency services 2
dramatic end to sydney siege as police storm cafe with guns and stun grenades as terrified
gunman among two killed as cafe siege ends : sky news
can't believe what i'm seeing so scary and sad
3 .what was the name of the locality at the citycenter in sydney where the cafe was taken over by the gunman ?
siege ends after heavily-armed police storm australian cafe
united all right minded people today
my thoughts and prayers go out to the hostages and their families involved in the sydney australia armed siege and the emergency services 2
media obsessed with sign , promoted as religion of peace and seen as of west
gunman among two killed as cafe siege ends : sky news
now over : islamic cleric responsible but who is man haron monis ?
3 .what was the name of the locality at the citycenter in sydney where the cafe was taken over by the gunman ?
tragic news that one of the sydney hostages has been killed , rest in peace .
united all right minded people today
breaking : reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today : usa todayreports : two
media obsessed with sign , promoted as religion of peace and seen as of west
police storm sydney siege building : 2 confirmed dead one was the hostage taker and sadly , one hostage ,
now over : islamic cleric responsible but who is man haron monis ?
this is us ! don't ever think we will let you change this ! love our country . we are with u
breaking : reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today : usa todayreports : two
is a most beautiful movement 3 thinking of you all in . stay safe , stay strong . lots of love from new zealand xx
police storm sydney siege building : 2 confirmed dead one was the hostage taker and sadly , one hostage ,
terrible news that a hostage lost their life today . rip . hope the cowardly gunman rots in hell though
this is us ! don't ever think we will let you change this ! love our country . we are with u
thank you to the and those involved in resolving the really could have been much worse .
seven news say they've been told that the hostage who has died was killed by gunman , suggesting that was moment police decided to storm cafe
someone woke up this morning , decided to get a coffee , is now dead . i can't even begin to comprehend how that's fair . rip .#sydneysiege
is a most beautiful movement 3 thinking of you all in . stay safe , stay strong . lots of love from new zealand xx
sydney siege hostage taker was on bail
terrible news that a hostage lost their life today . rip . hope the cowardly gunman rots in hell though
martin place siege - possibly two dead , one of them the gunman
thank you to the and those involved in resolving the really could have been much worse .
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys empl via
someone woke up this morning , decided to get a coffee , is now dead . i can't even begin to comprehend how that's fair . rip .#sydneysiege
a bit of faith in humanity restored . thanks ,
sydney siege hostage taker was on bail
seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman news 24
martin place siege - possibly two dead , one of them the gunman
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the via
infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from sydney cafe : viswakanth ankireddy , the infosys empl via
yes u have great camera shots of the siege but get rid of the annoying 7 logo . makes me wanna change to
a bit of faith in humanity restored . thanks ,
opposition parties to disrupt parliament demand statement from pm on why lives of hostages was compromised !
seven news has been told that the two dead are the gunman and a hostage . the hostage killed by the gunman news 24
at least this chaos in sydney has finally come to an end .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over : a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the via
sad news being reported via australian media that one of the hostages in the sydney cafe has been killed
yes u have great camera shots of the siege but get rid of the annoying 7 logo . makes me wanna change to
gunman was in court this week re murder if ex wife , in court earlier in yr re sexual assaults , involved in murders overseas
opposition parties to disrupt parliament demand statement from pm on why lives of hostages was compromised !
stay classy , uber quadrupled fares during sydney hostage situation
at least this chaos in sydney has finally come to an end .
terrorism should be dealt with a firm hand , going soft and religious trapping is the biggest weaknesses in the fight against it
sad news being reported via australian media that one of the hostages in the sydney cafe has been killed
it is a relief this horrific episode is finally over !sadly an innocent life was lost ! hope the hostages recover frm the trauma !
gunman was in court this week re murder if ex wife , in court earlier in yr re sexual assaults , involved in murders overseas
i hope everyone in sydney is okay . thinking about the poor people who had to go through it all . you're strong and amazing .
terrorism should be dealt with a firm hand , going soft and religious trapping is the biggest weaknesses in the fight against it
our thoughts and prayers go out to the hostages in sydney today . may they soon return to their families safely .
it is a relief this horrific episode is finally over !sadly an innocent life was lost ! hope the hostages recover frm the trauma !
heart goes out to that one innocent soul .. rip
i hope everyone in sydney is okay . thinking about the poor people who had to go through it all . you're strong and amazing .
reports two dead , including the gunman , and three seriously injured but nothing seems to be confirmed yet as comes to an end .
our thoughts and prayers go out to the hostages in sydney today . may they soon return to their families safely .
several hostages seen fleeing scene before police stormed cafe
heart goes out to that one innocent soul .. rip
the aussie channels are so balanced in the coverage . cnn and others on overdrive
reports two dead , including the gunman , and three seriously injured but nothing seems to be confirmed yet as comes to an end .
: australians unite against islamophobia using hashtag
sniper took clear aim at gunman holding hostages at lindt cafe in sydney . hostages rescued .
state 2 dead in my heart goes out to family friends of the deceased .
several hostages seen fleeing scene before police stormed cafe
thanks , mates , for showing a true human spirit in the face of fear and tragedy .
the aussie channels are so balanced in the coverage . cnn and others on overdrive
police all involved who worked to evacuate an entire city and work through the night to protect the innocent
: australians unite against islamophobia using hashtag
even after australian citizens are having an ostrich head and tweeting about ..good luck for future
state 2 dead in my heart goes out to family friends of the deceased .
police stormed a sydney cafe monday to end the hostage crisis
thanks , mates , for showing a true human spirit in the face of fear and tragedy .
my thoughts go to everyone affected by this horrible episode and their families and friends .
police all involved who worked to evacuate an entire city and work through the night to protect the innocent
well done to police in sydney for dealing with the situation really good .. after a 17 hour siege it is finally over
even after australian citizens are having an ostrich head and tweeting about ..good luck for future
he was charged with sexual assault , claimed to be involved with black magic linked to the murder of his ex wife .
my thoughts go to everyone affected by this horrible episode and their families and friends .
reports say the two dead are a hostage and the gunman .
well done to police in sydney for dealing with the situation really good .. after a 17 hour siege it is finally over
rip to the hostage killed in the australia siege .
he was charged with sexual assault , claimed to be involved with black magic linked to the murder of his ex wife .
my heart aches having just witnessed the end of the live on tv . but tomorrow i promise that whoever you are
reports say the two dead are a hostage and the gunman .
what ;s the story with sydney ? did everyone get out ok ?
rip to the hostage killed in the australia siege .
two dead and five injured , according to seven . what degree of success is that ?
my heart aches having just witnessed the end of the live on tv . but tomorrow i promise that whoever you are
sydney suspect : details emerge on hostage taker as a self-styled muslim cleric out on bail .
what ;s the story with sydney ? did everyone get out ok ?
thank you , les . the gunman is dead and the other fatality is believed to be one of the hostages .we are all happy that it's over .
two dead and five injured , according to seven . what degree of success is that ?
hope the siege is finally over ! our prayers are with you
sydney suspect : details emerge on hostage taker as a self-styled muslim cleric out on bail .
rip to the innocent soul killed at the hands of the gunman during the sydney siege . this is so terrible , i can't even explain .
thinking of everyone in sydney . hopefully this all ends peacefully .
developing : gunman identified as 50 -year-old man haron monis , had long record of charges ; reportedly killed in siege
thank you , les . the gunman is dead and the other fatality is believed to be one of the hostages .we are all happy that it's over .
wierd en horrific seeing the footage from sydney .this is not a movie kids ,this is real life .tragic.
hope the siege is finally over ! our prayers are with you
commandos end sydney cafe siege thank god it's over , how terrified the hostages must have been
rip to the innocent soul killed at the hands of the gunman during the sydney siege . this is so terrible , i can't even explain .
rise in terror incidents in australia . what has changed ? via
developing : gunman identified as 50 -year-old man haron monis , had long record of charges ; reportedly killed in siege
omg , i just saw this ! stay safe people !!!!!
wierd en horrific seeing the footage from sydney .this is not a movie kids ,this is real life .tragic.
why don't you talk about something worth mentioning ? like the sydney siege ?
commandos end sydney cafe siege thank god it's over , how terrified the hostages must have been
authorities investigating links gunman may have to hasan bin sober , emir of shmoe .
rise in terror incidents in australia . what has changed ? via
yea it's so sad . not fair at all . people are safe nowhere now . especially in the uk too . be safe .
omg , i just saw this ! stay safe people !!!!!
i don't give a shit about the hostage takers fate , i want to know how everyone else is .
authorities investigating links gunman may have to hasan bin sober , emir of shmoe .
it's crazy seeing these photos from sydney and remembering walking all the time up and down those streets to where i was staying
yea it's so sad . not fair at all . people are safe nowhere now . especially in the uk too . be safe .
[thegloss] these people actually took selfies at the sydney hostage crisis . yes , really .
i don't give a shit about the hostage takers fate , i want to know how everyone else is .
condolences to the families in sydney affected by the hostage drama .
it seems the pig has been butchered !police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours via
thoughts are with the family of the hostage that sadly died !#sydneysiege
it's crazy seeing these photos from sydney and remembering walking all the time up and down those streets to where i was staying
uber offering refunds to riders after overcharging customers during sydney hostage crisis
[thegloss] these people actually took selfies at the sydney hostage crisis . yes , really .
australian police confirm multiple fatalities injuries in hostage standoff . gunman's condition unknown .
condolences to the families in sydney affected by the hostage drama .
two dead in . police storm cafe and kill gunman after he shoots a hostage .
thoughts are with the family of the hostage that sadly died !#sydneysiege
police storm cafe in to end standoff
uber offering refunds to riders after overcharging customers during sydney hostage crisis
hostage taking ends as sydney police storm cafe amid gunfire via
australian police confirm multiple fatalities injuries in hostage standoff . gunman's condition unknown .
apparently the is over with 2 dead sadly and 3 others hospitalised
two dead in . police storm cafe and kill gunman after he shoots a hostage .
repetitive strain injury | sciatica | podiatry treatment : do you know epidural injections are not effective
police storm cafe in to end standoff
absolutely appalling that the hostagetaker uses the great religion of islam to justify his barbarous acts
hostage taking ends as sydney police storm cafe amid gunfire via
wonder if they'll be demonstrations in australia over the dead hate preacher , sex criminal and murderer .
apparently the is over with 2 dead sadly and 3 others hospitalised
breaking news two killed in hostage drama ..hostage..and hostage taker
repetitive strain injury | sciatica | podiatry treatment : do you know epidural injections are not effective
oh gosh australian media reporting one of the hostages has died . terrible and must have been utterly horrifying for all there
absolutely appalling that the hostagetaker uses the great religion of islam to justify his barbarous acts
one reason why i despise and their business practices :
wonder if they'll be demonstrations in australia over the dead hate preacher , sex criminal and murderer .
i hope no lives will be lost .but should've known that every action has a reaction . that's all .#sydneysiege
breaking news two killed in hostage drama ..hostage..and hostage taker
some iranians on facebook upset the sydney attacker is iranian , but this man was obviously deranged , caught up in web of religious theories
oh gosh australian media reporting one of the hostages has died . terrible and must have been utterly horrifying for all there
australians launch anti-islamophobia campaign amid siege
one reason why i despise and their business practices :
as a reaction to the siege in sydney , aus has me in tears . such similarities to our very own .
i hope no lives will be lost .but should've known that every action has a reaction . that's all .#sydneysiege
n join in terrorism 1 as handlers of back office n other front officers as gun toting jihadis
some iranians on facebook upset the sydney attacker is iranian , but this man was obviously deranged , caught up in web of religious theories
r .i.p to the 2 that have been taken away from their families
australians launch anti-islamophobia campaign amid siege
update : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
as a reaction to the siege in sydney , aus has me in tears . such similarities to our very own .
my prayers and thoughts are with the people , their friends and family , their nation . be safe everyone .
n join in terrorism 1 as handlers of back office n other front officers as gun toting jihadis
what a terrible end to the sydney siege . hope the people who are seriously injured pull through .
update : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours
so many mis-interpreted perceptions of , thoughts are with the hostage killed
my prayers and thoughts are with the people , their friends and family , their nation . be safe everyone .
both indians safe , pm was monitoring the situation throughout , says sushma swaraj on |
what a terrible end to the sydney siege . hope the people who are seriously injured pull through .
i'm fucking done with the human race :
i pray 4 those who were injured in sydney n 4 the family of those who died .
i really want to know what the second flurry of gunfire was a minute after it all stopped .
so many mis-interpreted perceptions of , thoughts are with the hostage killed
sydney hostage crisis ends after police raid cafe
i'm fucking done with the human race :
cant get out of my head how the victims and families of victims must have felt / are feeling . the uk is so sad for australia
i really want to know what the second flurry of gunfire was a minute after it all stopped .
sending all my prayers to sydney
sydney hostage crisis ends after police raid cafe
can we concentrate on helping the victims and bury the hostage taker . he should not be given media oxygen .
another indian hostage pushpendu ghosh is also safe : eam sushma swaraj thank god
appears tactical police unit /special forces have done a great job in bringing the to an end considering it was an unexpected go
cant get out of my head how the victims and families of victims must have felt / are feeling . the uk is so sad for australia
sydney gunman identified as iranian-born man haron monis , on bail for violent cr via
can we concentrate on helping the victims and bury the hostage taker . he should not be given media oxygen .
gunman man monis killed by police 1 hostage killed unknown by whom ? 3 to 5 hostages wounded 1 female in st vincent hospital
appears tactical police unit /special forces have done a great job in bringing the to an end considering it was an unexpected go
proves that the world can be a better place :)#australa
sydney gunman identified as iranian-born man haron monis , on bail for violent cr via
two indian nationals--vishwakant ankireddy and pushpendu ghosh -- involved in the sydney hostage crisis safe : mea . (pti)
gunman man monis killed by police 1 hostage killed unknown by whom ? 3 to 5 hostages wounded 1 female in st vincent hospital
he was granted asylum in 1996 - hardly an asylum seeker nearly 20 years later
proves that the world can be a better place :)#australa
my thoughts go out to the city of sydney . i admire your sense of community .
two indian nationals--vishwakant ankireddy and pushpendu ghosh -- involved in the sydney hostage crisis safe : mea . (pti)
gunman among two killed as sydney cafe siege ends : sky news
gunman 'notorious for violence'how can you be on bail when charged with 47 sexual assaults
such a sad day :( why do we terrorize each other so ? can't every just love everyone ! thinking of the families affected today
he was granted asylum in 1996 - hardly an asylum seeker nearly 20 years later
nice taking advantage of the by raising your prices so people could leave downtown .
my thoughts go out to the city of sydney . i admire your sense of community .
people trying to prove on twitter that they are big and controversial in the wake of the saddens me
gunman among two killed as sydney cafe siege ends : sky news
hope none off the hostages got hurt it that siege in sydney
such a sad day :( why do we terrorize each other so ? can't every just love everyone ! thinking of the families affected today
one hostage is dead but the gunman is also dead .
nice taking advantage of the by raising your prices so people could leave downtown .
'paramedics', 'grenades', 'casualties' 'erupts' are now trending in
people trying to prove on twitter that they are big and controversial in the wake of the saddens me
police searching his backpack re threats he had a bomb planted more round sydney
hope none off the hostages got hurt it that siege in sydney
so impressed with the courage wisdom of the people of sydney today , especially waiting hoping with you now
one hostage is dead but the gunman is also dead .
this is humanity 3 use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during
'paramedics', 'grenades', 'casualties' 'erupts' are now trending in
please dont take your anger out on a religion , they too do not support such a terrible thing theyre human too
police searching his backpack re threats he had a bomb planted more round sydney
sydney siege ends in hail of gunfire - global agenda - news - arutz sheva
so impressed with the courage wisdom of the people of sydney today , especially waiting hoping with you now
he was obviously mentally unwell a fantasist ; all the attention will draw similar
this is humanity 3 use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during
shows no one is safe from terrorist . join hands to throw these bastards to save human mankind .#rip ppl who killed in sydney
please dont take your anger out on a religion , they too do not support such a terrible thing theyre human too
the scariest part of this is no one knows if the new years eve sydney thing is true or not .
sydney siege ends in hail of gunfire - global agenda - news - arutz sheva
well . thank god that was over . not without tragedy though
he was obviously mentally unwell a fantasist ; all the attention will draw similar
i wish smaller twitter-news-sites would stop using the hashtags from sydney for news that have nothing to with what's going on there !
shows no one is safe from terrorist . join hands to throw these bastards to save human mankind .#rip ppl who killed in sydney
sending you and the people of sydney and new south wales much love and prayers at this dreadful time .
the scariest part of this is no one knows if the new years eve sydney thing is true or not .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over sydney-police say a hostage situation in
well . thank god that was over . not without tragedy though
the breaks hearts globally for those involved , their loved ones , the inevitable anti-islamic backlash .
i wish smaller twitter-news-sites would stop using the hashtags from sydney for news that have nothing to with what's going on there !
terrorist spent hours parading in a front of a window they waited for him to kill a hostage to act . shame on you australia
sending you and the people of sydney and new south wales much love and prayers at this dreadful time .
heyyy guys !!!! what did happen in sydney ??
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over sydney-police say a hostage situation in
news : australian media reporting that one hostage and the hostage taker were killed in the cafe siege . more in the news at 5 .
the breaks hearts globally for those involved , their loved ones , the inevitable anti-islamic backlash .
so finally comes to the drop scene , it'll be remembered 1 gunman held up sydney for nearly a day . wish victims the safety !
terrorist spent hours parading in a front of a window they waited for him to kill a hostage to act . shame on you australia
sydney a political asylum in aus . will have repercussion on immigration policy in media and /or policy
heyyy guys !!!! what did happen in sydney ??
indian media who dont have a pair of testicles are calling a
news : australian media reporting that one hostage and the hostage taker were killed in the cafe siege . more in the news at 5 .
sydney siege is now over - but watch stunning video showing hair-raising moment police stormed lindt cafe
so finally comes to the drop scene , it'll be remembered 1 gunman held up sydney for nearly a day . wish victims the safety !
my relatives will be giving me a call as well although i am like kanyakumari from kashmir from sydney
sydney a political asylum in aus . will have repercussion on immigration policy in media and /or policy
pb plus oil and gas police storm sydney hostage siege cafe : reuters witness bb pin 2 ab2cc5b
indian media who dont have a pair of testicles are calling a
tomorrow's scoop news : nsa flew personally to oversee the rescue at sydney
sydney siege is now over - but watch stunning video showing hair-raising moment police stormed lindt cafe
our thoughts and prayers are with people effected in
my relatives will be giving me a call as well although i am like kanyakumari from kashmir from sydney
this world gets scarier and scarier by the day .
pb plus oil and gas police storm sydney hostage siege cafe : reuters witness bb pin 2 ab2cc5b
rip to the one hostage killed . the gunman deserves to rot in hell .
tomorrow's scoop news : nsa flew personally to oversee the rescue at sydney
indian hostage is also safe . he is the second indian national who was trapped in
our thoughts and prayers are with people effected in
hostage situation in sydney appears over
this world gets scarier and scarier by the day .
ap : raw : police storm sydney cafe
rip to the one hostage killed . the gunman deserves to rot in hell .
cnn : two people dead , possibly including the hostage taker , and three other people are in serious condition after the siege at a sydney cafe
indian hostage is also safe . he is the second indian national who was trapped in
as part of nato , the australian government takes whole countries hostage , not just the occupants of a single cafe .
hostage situation in sydney appears over
i hope everyone in sydney is okay right now . what happened was so horrible .
ap : raw : police storm sydney cafe
applies 4 x surge pricing during , then offers refunds amid social media outcry , reports
cnn : two people dead , possibly including the hostage taker , and three other people are in serious condition after the siege at a sydney cafe
jerusalem post : watch : the dramatic final moments of the sydney hostage standoff
as part of nato , the australian government takes whole countries hostage , not just the occupants of a single cafe .
i read that the white house had been briefed on the
i hope everyone in sydney is okay right now . what happened was so horrible .
2 pertinent facts here for me :1 - police were prompted to open fire by hostage taker 2 - only 1 confirmed deadamazing !!
applies 4 x surge pricing during , then offers refunds amid social media outcry , reports
tragically there r deaths of hostages others in balance . my heart breaks for their families . a sad day in our history
jerusalem post : watch : the dramatic final moments of the sydney hostage standoff
i'm glad people are rescued but bc harr jagah indian national kaise phas jaate hain ?
i read that the white house had been briefed on the
wow i didn't really pay attention to the whole sydney thing but just read up on it and that is the saddest thing ever
2 pertinent facts here for me :1 - police were prompted to open fire by hostage taker 2 - only 1 confirmed deadamazing !!
this will not break sydney . we are stronger than one radicalised person .
tragically there r deaths of hostages others in balance . my heart breaks for their families . a sad day in our history
stay strong sydney ! australia shall not be threatened . thoughts to the muslim community who are also a victim to all this .
i'm glad people are rescued but bc harr jagah indian national kaise phas jaate hain ?
from tomorrow the followers of islam will start spreading the conspiracy theory by west to malign the religion . usual route .
wow i didn't really pay attention to the whole sydney thing but just read up on it and that is the saddest thing ever
rip to the poor soul that went to a cafe and will never go home
this will not break sydney . we are stronger than one radicalised person .
# happy to hear crisis ends as police storm cafe , all hostages freed ; indian hostage reported safe .
stay strong sydney ! australia shall not be threatened . thoughts to the muslim community who are also a victim to all this .
its ' because he's a gunman not a sexual predator that made him do what he did . not condoning just saying .
from tomorrow the followers of islam will start spreading the conspiracy theory by west to malign the religion . usual route .
is trending because some australians refuse to blame muslims for via
rip to the poor soul that went to a cafe and will never go home
hope everyone is sydney and the rest of australia is safe and that there is no unnecessary backlash
# happy to hear crisis ends as police storm cafe , all hostages freed ; indian hostage reported safe .
reports say , man behind , abused families of dead soldiers ; accused of sexual assault ; got his gf to kill his ex-wife .
its ' because he's a gunman not a sexual predator that made him do what he did . not condoning just saying .
photo : sydney's martin place still locked down after police stormed lindt cafe -
is trending because some australians refuse to blame muslims for via
is over , 2 innocent souls lost several injured . hostage taker haron monis is a lunatic criminal about him
hope everyone is sydney and the rest of australia is safe and that there is no unnecessary backlash
uber intros surge pricing , charging $100 to riders fleeing crisis area reports :
reports say , man behind , abused families of dead soldiers ; accused of sexual assault ; got his gf to kill his ex-wife .
why do they always make excuses for jihadis ? - two dead in fiery end to sydney siege via
photo : sydney's martin place still locked down after police stormed lindt cafe -
sad sad ending to sydney hostage crises . was hoping zero casualties . heartfelt condolences to the families .
is over , 2 innocent souls lost several injured . hostage taker haron monis is a lunatic criminal about him
the gunman is believed to have killed one hostage . he is also dead . follow our live updates .
uber intros surge pricing , charging $100 to riders fleeing crisis area reports :
finally hostages are free .. thnx for that pitajiii finally over ..
sad sad ending to sydney hostage crises . was hoping zero casualties . heartfelt condolences to the families .
reuters reporting that hostage taker among 2 people killed after ends in gunfire
finally hostages are free .. thnx for that pitajiii finally over ..
one cafe is held hostage by terrorists media is blabberingwe hv a whole state (bengal) held hostage by terrorists
as sydney siege comes to an end , the questions begin
chillax . the gunman is killed ! it's all over now .
reuters reporting that hostage taker among 2 people killed after ends in gunfire
this shows again dt even developed nations can't control the terror !!
is over . reports that the gunman 1 hostage are dead . more people injured .
absolutely agree with you on that . i offer sympathy to families of hostages dead in sydney pray for palestine daily .
one cafe is held hostage by terrorists media is blabberingwe hv a whole state (bengal) held hostage by terrorists
can't wrap my head around whats going down in sydney . s'fucked up .
chillax . the gunman is killed ! it's all over now .
i'm so bored i need this bloody conference !
this shows again dt even developed nations can't control the terror !!
- one of the most vulnerable moments to the world
absolutely agree with you on that . i offer sympathy to families of hostages dead in sydney pray for palestine daily .
so the gunman was out in public walking around even though his other murders and shit but we can't release the 'boat people ' on ya australia
can't wrap my head around whats going down in sydney . s'fucked up .
i hope people in sydney are ok thats awful
i'm so bored i need this bloody conference !
how many illegals are here ? drug cartels isis ? what happened in sydney should be a warning to america !
- one of the most vulnerable moments to the world
man behind sydney attack , man monis , was charged as accessory to ex-wife's murder . also 50 counts of sexual assault .
so the gunman was out in public walking around even though his other murders and shit but we can't release the 'boat people ' on ya australia
my thoughts with the hostage who sadly lost their life , and their family .
i hope people in sydney are ok thats awful
one woman was brought by ambulance to hospital . she had been shot in the shoulder .
how many illegals are here ? drug cartels isis ? what happened in sydney should be a warning to america !
is resonating all over the world . sending my love to sydney folk , especially those in the
man behind sydney attack , man monis , was charged as accessory to ex-wife's murder . also 50 counts of sexual assault .
phew , its all over now ! ends with hopefully minimal loss of lives . its time now for the restoration of peace faith
my thoughts with the hostage who sadly lost their life , and their family .
how do ppl take fucking selfies during ???
one woman was brought by ambulance to hospital . she had been shot in the shoulder .
when is this stuff ever going to end , they scenes from sydney are horrible
is resonating all over the world . sending my love to sydney folk , especially those in the
that was intense stuff happening concerning the but it's over praying for the hostages
phew , its all over now ! ends with hopefully minimal loss of lives . its time now for the restoration of peace faith
two die as australia police finally end sydney cafe siege
how do ppl take fucking selfies during ???
both indian hostages are safe ..via
when is this stuff ever going to end , they scenes from sydney are horrible
two killed in sydney siege .one believed to be gunman ,man monis !
that was intense stuff happening concerning the but it's over praying for the hostages
two dead in - not confirmed whether one of them is gunman man haron monis . several injured hostages carried out on stretchers
two die as australia police finally end sydney cafe siege
the lone gunman behind has been arrested . some aussies insist this was terror strike . proving australia is cut-off from world .
two killed in sydney siege .one believed to be gunman ,man monis !
local media claim police stormed lindt cafe after gunman killed a hostage . no confirmation yet .
the lone gunman behind has been arrested . some aussies insist this was terror strike . proving australia is cut-off from world .
relief - may this never happen again ! heart is with those out through this traumatic experience . your strength is incredible
1 hostage dead .. 1 to many ! .. awful ending
sort your shit out ! he kills his wife and disrespects our diggers . how was he still seeking political asylum ?
reports that one hostage and the gunman have been killed tragic to hear about a dead hostage
in well rehearsed drills /procedures op control would have been handed over to the rar commander to carry out the op and end
relief - may this never happen again ! heart is with those out through this traumatic experience . your strength is incredible
deep sympathy for de families who have lost their loved ones in .
sort your shit out ! he kills his wife and disrespects our diggers . how was he still seeking political asylum ?
i'd probably die before being rescued if i was one of those hostages .
in well rehearsed drills /procedures op control would have been handed over to the rar commander to carry out the op and end
tommy leonetti - my city of sydney -: via
deep sympathy for de families who have lost their loved ones in .
hey rabia , over , still no confirmation of casualties , but one glimmer of light .
i'd probably die before being rescued if i was one of those hostages .
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , whe
1 hostage and the gunman dead in sydney siege .
should be the new christmas hashtag . hope everyone is safe in sydney .
tommy leonetti - my city of sydney -: via
the terrorist involved in the once identified shouldnt have his pic posted w /o a pic of dianne feinstein next to it .
hey rabia , over , still no confirmation of casualties , but one glimmer of light .
not saying that what happened in wasn't terror , but assumption of muslim extremist made before that of deranged individual
video : police storm australia siege cafe : heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , whe
2 dead (including gunman ) in . more in hospital . measured , incredible coverage watch live :
should be the new christmas hashtag . hope everyone is safe in sydney .
is this attack a surprise when this is being preached in mosques around the country daily !
the terrorist involved in the once identified shouldnt have his pic posted w /o a pic of dianne feinstein next to it .
new : sydney siege gunman believed to be muslim cleric - whdh-tv
not saying that what happened in wasn't terror , but assumption of muslim extremist made before that of deranged individual
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held - winston-salem journal
2 dead (including gunman ) in . more in hospital . measured , incredible coverage watch live :
just 1 person with a firearm could have ended the much earlier . police just come to clean up the mess . sorry , it's true .
is this attack a surprise when this is being preached in mosques around the country daily !
the banality of terrorism : sydney's other hostage crisis , of 1984 by via
new : sydney siege gunman believed to be muslim cleric - whdh-tv
absolutely disgusting what's happening in sydney rn
police storm sydney cafe where hostages held - winston-salem journal
oh no , it seems that there have been some fatalities in the . may they .
just 1 person with a firearm could have ended the much earlier . police just come to clean up the mess . sorry , it's true .
sydney cafe siege - assault was unplanned !
the banality of terrorism : sydney's other hostage crisis , of 1984 by via
why are people mad at 5 sos because they haven't tweeted about sydney ? they have their job to do and they don't have time to stay updated
absolutely disgusting what's happening in sydney rn
how much media attention should be given to extremists ? man haron monis clearly reveled in tv and tabloid attention before
oh no , it seems that there have been some fatalities in the . may they .
as a sydney hospital emergency doctor , i am saddened by the outcome of , but so proud of our emergency services tonight .
sydney cafe siege - assault was unplanned !
my thoughts and prayers go to the people in sydney . so sad to hear one of the hostages has died .
why are people mad at 5 sos because they haven't tweeted about sydney ? they have their job to do and they don't have time to stay updated
thyroid gland and i would say many sick organs .#sydneysiege,#lindtchocolatcafe,#sydney,#australia,#hostage ,#armed
how much media attention should be given to extremists ? man haron monis clearly reveled in tv and tabloid attention before
reporter told at least two people taken to hospital
as a sydney hospital emergency doctor , i am saddened by the outcome of , but so proud of our emergency services tonight .
a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the heart of downtown sydney early tuesday , ending a siege
thyroid gland and i would say many sick organs .#sydneysiege,#lindtchocolatcafe,#sydney,#australia,#hostage ,#armed
sydney siege ends as cops raid cafe
reporter told at least two people taken to hospital
terrorist dead ! lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via
a swarm of heavily armed police stormed a cafe in the heart of downtown sydney early tuesday , ending a siege
when for a few seconds u think is about
is over . our thoughts and prayers go out to those who were affected
this guy in australian killed and burned his wife and was a free man , how ??!! he should have been killed or jailed ages ago !!
sydney siege ends as cops raid cafe
scary end to - words can't explain the emotions-thoughts that go out to all those people involved and emergency services . x x
terrorist dead ! lindt cafe gunman's identity revealed via
extremist violent ideologies create a warm home for psychopaths
when for a few seconds u think is about
how sad a hostage has been killed in the lindt cafe , my heart goes out to those innocent people . the worlds a scary place
this guy in australian killed and burned his wife and was a free man , how ??!! he should have been killed or jailed ages ago !!
praying for the victims of the hostage situation in sydney , australia .
scary end to - words can't explain the emotions-thoughts that go out to all those people involved and emergency services . x x
some racist bystanders , press , media team few police here for level of sydney fear
extremist violent ideologies create a warm home for psychopaths
there's a bigger picture to the sydney siege . are we forgetting that all police would have been at martin place
how sad a hostage has been killed in the lindt cafe , my heart goes out to those innocent people . the worlds a scary place
it genuinely seems in this case and at this time that the gunman of the was just a deeply disturbed individual
praying for the victims of the hostage situation in sydney , australia .
much to learn for us in the media from measured oz coverage . much to learn for twitterati too from the hashtag .
some racist bystanders , press , media team few police here for level of sydney fear
yeah . right . rate of gun deaths much , much lower in australia . i'll take australian policies over us anyway .
there's a bigger picture to the sydney siege . are we forgetting that all police would have been at martin place
bbc now confirming that the gunman is shot dead and one hostage also sadly died
it genuinely seems in this case and at this time that the gunman of the was just a deeply disturbed individual
infosys employee has escaped : indian diplomat : sydney /new delhi , dec 15 (ians) an infosys employee taken host
much to learn for us in the media from measured oz coverage . much to learn for twitterati too from the hashtag .
all that flashing we see , is that stunbombs or nozzle fire we discuss that here , i say nozzle fire
yeah . right . rate of gun deaths much , much lower in australia . i'll take australian policies over us anyway .
glad to hear sydney siege is finally over . such acts are inhumane .
bbc now confirming that the gunman is shot dead and one hostage also sadly died
just in case everyone's feeling slightly anti-muslim because of what happened in sydney :):):):)
infosys employee has escaped : indian diplomat : sydney /new delhi , dec 15 (ians) an infosys employee taken host
terroist in the name of islam is dead now
all that flashing we see , is that stunbombs or nozzle fire we discuss that here , i say nozzle fire
publicity is oxygen to a terrorist . sadly we oversupply it .
glad to hear sydney siege is finally over . such acts are inhumane .
so far theres been 1 confirmed hostage death .. my thoughts are with the family of this person :(
just in case everyone's feeling slightly anti-muslim because of what happened in sydney :):):):)
two indian nationals - vishwakant ankireddy and pushpendu ghosh - trapped in the sydney , australia cafe hostage crisis safe : mea .
terroist in the name of islam is dead now
people wondering how ukip has gained so much ground in the uk should read some of the tweets from complete twats concerning siege .
publicity is oxygen to a terrorist . sadly we oversupply it .
heard it ! reports saying a hostage and gunman have been killed in the . thoughts with their families . r .i.p
so far theres been 1 confirmed hostage death .. my thoughts are with the family of this person :(
and it's finally over .great work police and rescue crews !!
two indian nationals - vishwakant ankireddy and pushpendu ghosh - trapped in the sydney , australia cafe hostage crisis safe : mea .
the sydney suspect : a self-styled sheik with an infamous past
people wondering how ukip has gained so much ground in the uk should read some of the tweets from complete twats concerning siege .
australian security forces on tuesday stormed the sydney cafe where several hostages were being held at gunpoint .
heard it ! reports saying a hostage and gunman have been killed in the . thoughts with their families . r .i.p
knowing that 2 people are dead and 3 severely injured broke my heart
and it's finally over .great work police and rescue crews !!
the is over after police swarm the australian cafe : what is your reaction to the events ?
the sydney suspect : a self-styled sheik with an infamous past
man monis rot in hell you coward
the is over after police swarm the australian cafe : what is your reaction to the events ?
..however, while that maniac were on a collapse-edge , police acted as-usual in a very stupid dramatic manner to end :(
man monis rot in hell you coward
lost a follower from tweeting about the sydney siege , well i'm sorry for being genuinely worried about the fucking city i live in fgs .
there were hostages held at gunpoint in sydney australia today .
yea all of sudden things happened , apparently gunman is dead also , but still no actual media release , it sucks , just devastated :(
my thoughts are with the people directly affected by the praying for those that where injured stay strong !
cafe ',sydney is operation made at order ,if he doesn't execute this operation , he will be killed =the execution is leading to death -that
..however, while that maniac were on a collapse-edge , police acted as-usual in a very stupid dramatic manner to end :(
sydney siege is over . and it's raining super hard now in here .
lost a follower from tweeting about the sydney siege , well i'm sorry for being genuinely worried about the fucking city i live in fgs .
the gunman in has a strange rather bizarre combination . iranian shia convert to sunni salafism inspired by ?
yea all of sudden things happened , apparently gunman is dead also , but still no actual media release , it sucks , just devastated :(
christian terrorist arrested :when will the media admit that christianity is a violent religion ?#sydneysiege
cafe ',sydney is operation made at order ,if he doesn't execute this operation , he will be killed =the execution is leading to death -that
reports : two dead in fiery end to siege
sydney siege is over . and it's raining super hard now in here .
the criminal is a disgrace to all man kind . this is not islam nor is he a representation of muslims
the gunman in has a strange rather bizarre combination . iranian shia convert to sunni salafism inspired by ?
exploited surge pricing during the sydney disaster . continued to use surge pricing . still an insurance nightmare .
christian terrorist arrested :when will the media admit that christianity is a violent religion ?#sydneysiege
thoughts with all bbc news - australia commandos end sydney cafe siege
reports : two dead in fiery end to siege
the fuck man the gunman's combined offences is enough to put him on life imprisonment w / no chance of parole , community hours ????
the criminal is a disgrace to all man kind . this is not islam nor is he a representation of muslims
you were pretty close on the make up of this piece of work in sydney .
exploited surge pricing during the sydney disaster . continued to use surge pricing . still an insurance nightmare .
sydney siege - more about the suspected gunman who held hostage in lindt chocolat cafe ' - clairvoyant /psychic reading -predictions by
thoughts with all bbc news - australia commandos end sydney cafe siege
us after biggest weekly loss since 2012 - via
the fuck man the gunman's combined offences is enough to put him on life imprisonment w / no chance of parole , community hours ????
beyond glad and relieved that my sydney based family have already flown out for the holidays .
you were pretty close on the make up of this piece of work in sydney .
well done aus , glad to see you don't mess about with terrorists . we'd still be sending the gunman sandwiches
sydney siege - more about the suspected gunman who held hostage in lindt chocolat cafe ' - clairvoyant /psychic reading -predictions by
dont understand how twitter isnt going insane about what happened in sydney
us after biggest weekly loss since 2012 - via
two indian nationals--vishwakant ankireddy and pushpendu ghosh -- involved in the sydney hostage crisis safe : mea .pti
beyond glad and relieved that my sydney based family have already flown out for the holidays .
sydney siege finally over after 16 hours damn
well done aus , glad to see you don't mess about with terrorists . we'd still be sending the gunman sandwiches
relieved that the is over , but deeply saddened by the one individual who lost their life . rip :-(
dont understand how twitter isnt going insane about what happened in sydney
world watches end of sydney cafe siege (news)
two indian nationals--vishwakant ankireddy and pushpendu ghosh -- involved in the sydney hostage crisis safe : mea .pti
news : police storm sydney cafe
sydney siege finally over after 16 hours damn
ghent , mongomery , sydney , and ferry sank in congo the world we are living in .
relieved that the is over , but deeply saddened by the one individual who lost their life . rip :-(
so one of the two people dead is the gunman . thank god . the unfortunately was a hostage .
world watches end of sydney cafe siege (news)
seven news aust confirms two dead (gunman a hostage ) the hostage was killed by the gunman src
news : police storm sydney cafe
little details as yet but ends in shoot out
ghent , mongomery , sydney , and ferry sank in congo the world we are living in .
gc bulletin : martin place cafe siege over as gunman killed - report
so one of the two people dead is the gunman . thank god . the unfortunately was a hostage .
two dead after police storm sydney cafe .police confirmed gun man has been shot dead .ordeal ends !
seven news aust confirms two dead (gunman a hostage ) the hostage was killed by the gunman src
earlier today on astro awani discussion about the situation in sydney
little details as yet but ends in shoot out
ufo sightings daily : triangle ufo over sydney , australia on dec 14, 2014, video , ufo sighting news .
gc bulletin : martin place cafe siege over as gunman killed - report
why is that the tolerance for people of different faiths is always from one side - from the side of non-muslims
two dead after police storm sydney cafe .police confirmed gun man has been shot dead .ordeal ends !
relief , shock and horror . a sad day . glad it's over .
earlier today on astro awani discussion about the situation in sydney
speak vol abt aussie loves 4 equalitybut they need 2 see how islamist apologist care
ufo sightings daily : triangle ufo over sydney , australia on dec 14, 2014, video , ufo sighting news .
g'dai sydney (2/1) wins the 15 :25 at the next horse is sweet (2/1) at 16 :40
why is that the tolerance for people of different faiths is always from one side - from the side of non-muslims
sydney you are not alone , love and hugs for everyone there , my prayers are with you . xx
relief , shock and horror . a sad day . glad it's over .
5 sos can't do anything about what happened in their country and won't fly to sydney to try to fix it . they can tweet about it but didn't
speak vol abt aussie loves 4 equalitybut they need 2 see how islamist apologist care
what's going on ?? oh i'm so late .
g'dai sydney (2/1) wins the 15 :25 at the next horse is sweet (2/1) at 16 :40
gunman terrorist killed on the spot ..this how the security should be ..no trial for terrorist , should end drama on the spot .
sydney you are not alone , love and hugs for everyone there , my prayers are with you . xx
sydney terror attack : things will no longer be at ease in australia as isis emerges to have spread and widened its circle of geo influence .
5 sos can't do anything about what happened in their country and won't fly to sydney to try to fix it . they can tweet about it but didn't
apparently three dead , including gunman .
what's going on ?? oh i'm so late .
horrific scenes in sydney . so sad
gunman terrorist killed on the spot ..this how the security should be ..no trial for terrorist , should end drama on the spot .
doing great reporting on into the early morning local time . as is
sydney terror attack : things will no longer be at ease in australia as isis emerges to have spread and widened its circle of geo influence .
two women robbed at gunpoint in third akron home invasion in four days : a gunman robbed two women during a hom
apparently three dead , including gunman .
was the hostage killed my the gunman or by the police ???
horrific scenes in sydney . so sad
breaking news : nsw police confirm is overlatest news here
doing great reporting on into the early morning local time . as is
without a doubt the most frightening thing i've ever watched live as policemen started shooting
two women robbed at gunpoint in third akron home invasion in four days : a gunman robbed two women during a hom
this company couldn't get any worse if they tried .
was the hostage killed my the gunman or by the police ???
it's at times like this i feel so thankful for the brave , brave security personnel that give up their lives to save others
breaking news : nsw police confirm is overlatest news here
three sisters in blue mountains near sydney , australia .
without a doubt the most frightening thing i've ever watched live as policemen started shooting
i'm praying for sydney and everyone being affected
this company couldn't get any worse if they tried .
: heavily armed police storm lindt cafe in martin place
it's at times like this i feel so thankful for the brave , brave security personnel that give up their lives to save others
confirmed by whom ? all media i've seen says unconfirmed .
three sisters in blue mountains near sydney , australia .
what else is new . preview to ending - gunman shoots self or police shoot gunman dead . more lives wasted due to guns in
i'm praying for sydney and everyone being affected
director - client services - crown relocations -
: heavily armed police storm lindt cafe in martin place
this is what a resident in sydney is saying to us . it's his opinion , hence the quotation marks .
confirmed by whom ? all media i've seen says unconfirmed .
siege : hostages held by islamist gunman in cafe | via
what else is new . preview to ending - gunman shoots self or police shoot gunman dead . more lives wasted due to guns in
i wonder why i'm hearing more about the sydney hostages on tv than i ever did about ayotzinapa .
director - client services - crown relocations -
awful happenings in . hopefully the innocent will get home safe . as for the perpetrators - what is wrong with these 'people'
this is what a resident in sydney is saying to us . it's his opinion , hence the quotation marks .
police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages | how's gun free country working out ?
siege : hostages held by islamist gunman in cafe | via
as nothing has yet been released about his intentions in sydney , i wonder what the point of it all was ? attention seeker .
i wonder why i'm hearing more about the sydney hostages on tv than i ever did about ayotzinapa .
must be punished commensurately , but ridiculous that just 1 gunman held up entire aus for a whole day !
awful happenings in . hopefully the innocent will get home safe . as for the perpetrators - what is wrong with these 'people'
yeah the bs ! sydney rq off too . mo's isn't life lol .
police storm sydney cafe where jihadist , murder suspect held hostages | how's gun free country working out ?
another failure of aussie justice system . another crim who should have been locked up out on bail
as nothing has yet been released about his intentions in sydney , i wonder what the point of it all was ? attention seeker .
australia's reaction to the is heart-warming . sydney stands up to racism :
must be punished commensurately , but ridiculous that just 1 gunman held up entire aus for a whole day !
bbcbreaking : video : the moment police storm cafe at centre of pic .twitter.com/1higcu8u
yeah the bs ! sydney rq off too . mo's isn't life lol .
disgusted at how reacted to sydney siege re $100 minimum fares for those fleeing . awful . will never use them again
another failure of aussie justice system . another crim who should have been locked up out on bail
it's over . and i break down the end of the sydney siege at the top of the hour on
australia's reaction to the is heart-warming . sydney stands up to racism :
truly shocking events in please remember the real islam is a religion of love and tolerance x
bbcbreaking : video : the moment police storm cafe at centre of pic .twitter.com/1higcu8u
omg one of the hostages have been killed apparently !!!
disgusted at how reacted to sydney siege re $100 minimum fares for those fleeing . awful . will never use them again
lol with america's gun policy all of the hostages gunman wouldve been dead
it's over . and i break down the end of the sydney siege at the top of the hour on
they're are some mad , messed up people in this world
truly shocking events in please remember the real islam is a religion of love and tolerance x
sydney siege : new flash-bang grenades and gunshots at siege cafenew two reported dead and three
omg one of the hostages have been killed apparently !!!
this is so sad . so many innocent people being held hostage sending all my love to sydney right now .xx -c
lol with america's gun policy all of the hostages gunman wouldve been dead
reuters : police identify sydney assailant as iranian refugee facing sexual assault charges . pic .twi
they're are some mad , messed up people in this world
op . was poorly executed n shambolic . elite forces doesn't work like that . two deaths .
sydney siege : new flash-bang grenades and gunshots at siege cafenew two reported dead and three
so sad 1 hostage lost there life not acceptable thoughts with the family
this is so sad . so many innocent people being held hostage sending all my love to sydney right now .xx -c
how dare the sydney terrorist ! didn't he know guns were illegal in australia ?
reuters : police identify sydney assailant as iranian refugee facing sexual assault charges . pic .twi
identify sydney hostage taker as notorious self-styled religious leader
op . was poorly executed n shambolic . elite forces doesn't work like that . two deaths .
thoughts going to all those involved in the
so sad 1 hostage lost there life not acceptable thoughts with the family
: transcending hashtag activism with action . prayers for australia and the victims .
how dare the sydney terrorist ! didn't he know guns were illegal in australia ?
the hashtag used by ppl offering to walk with muslims who feared backlash in has restored some faith in humanity
identify sydney hostage taker as notorious self-styled religious leader
i don't want 2 know every .single.detail about the terrorist .i want 2 know about the people inside .talk 2 me about them .not him .
thoughts going to all those involved in the
one report alleges the gunman dead and one hostage killed in the
: transcending hashtag activism with action . prayers for australia and the victims .
it would be nice if the media would wind their necks in until we have official confirmation of any casualties .
the hashtag used by ppl offering to walk with muslims who feared backlash in has restored some faith in humanity
the has been badly handled . a sniper could easily have taken out the terrorist in an early stage , without innocent casualties .
one report alleges the gunman dead and one hostage killed in the
i'm so devastated by what's happened in sydney
it would be nice if the media would wind their necks in until we have official confirmation of any casualties .
the gunman has also been reported to have been killed .. hope he rots in hell !!!
the has been badly handled . a sniper could easily have taken out the terrorist in an early stage , without innocent casualties .
it's difficult to pull rudali act these bugger jihadis pull couple of every week , aansu sukh gaye hain mere
the gunman has also been reported to have been killed .. hope he rots in hell !!!
they price gouged people fleeing a gunman ? smh .
it's difficult to pull rudali act these bugger jihadis pull couple of every week , aansu sukh gaye hain mere
fyi the capital of australia is canberra , not sydney .
deep sadness over the outcome and outraged by the ignorance , poor taste rush to blame i'm seeing on twtr .
i read what actually happened in sydneyprayers goes to those who were affected .
police : 'the sydney siege is over ' - police : 'the sydney siege is over ' on
i've been so detached from the world /news these past few days i'm just now really learning about the hostage situation in sydney .
they price gouged people fleeing a gunman ? smh .
i know guys that this has nothing related to yrkkh but let's just pray and hope that the hostages of the are safe and fine !
fyi the capital of australia is canberra , not sydney .
at least 5 dead in montgomery county shootings ; gunman barricaded via /r/news
i read what actually happened in sydneyprayers goes to those who were affected .
sydney siege began exactly two years after the sandy hook shooting did when are people going to realize that gun violence is still a problem
i've been so detached from the world /news these past few days i'm just now really learning about the hostage situation in sydney .
i think i'll wait till there's an official police statement /debrief about
i know guys that this has nothing related to yrkkh but let's just pray and hope that the hostages of the are safe and fine !
there is a profile of man haron monis - the man police was behind the - here
at least 5 dead in montgomery county shootings ; gunman barricaded via /r/news
oklahoma beheading sensing a pattern , yet ?
sydney siege began exactly two years after the sandy hook shooting did when are people going to realize that gun violence is still a problem
[abs-cbn news ] blasts , gunfire as cops storm sydney cafe
i think i'll wait till there's an official police statement /debrief about
man morris probably thought what he was doing to innocent civilians would make him a martyr . that's not islam . that's just sick
there is a profile of man haron monis - the man police was behind the - here
so glad to hear that the is finally over . rip to the poor person who lost their life .
oklahoma beheading sensing a pattern , yet ?
has been on authorities ' radar for some time .
[abs-cbn news ] blasts , gunfire as cops storm sydney cafe
5 said killed in shootings near , gunman barricaded in home .
man morris probably thought what he was doing to innocent civilians would make him a martyr . that's not islam . that's just sick
one hostage is seriously injured after being shot into the shoulder sydney police confirms .
so glad to hear that the is finally over . rip to the poor person who lost their life .
terrible . australian channel 7 reporting deaths (plural) in plus at least 3 injured .
has been on authorities ' radar for some time .
one hostage killed . so very sad . thinking of the individual and their family .
5 said killed in shootings near , gunman barricaded in home .
.. one hostage killed . my prayers and condolences to the family .
one hostage is seriously injured after being shot into the shoulder sydney police confirms .
if you were one of the individuals who's first thought was to take a selfie outside the you are clearly a moron
terrible . australian channel 7 reporting deaths (plural) in plus at least 3 injured .
sydney siege shows social media is a risky business via
.. one hostage killed . my prayers and condolences to the family .
sydney siege is over now : 2 + are dead , some injured . police stormed cafe .
if you were one of the individuals who's first thought was to take a selfie outside the you are clearly a moron
: police identify gunman as iranian refugee facing sexual assault charges .
sydney siege shows social media is a risky business via
let me well understand the muslims are the in really ???
very sad to hear one of the hostages in the sydney siege has been killed .. tragic news
thoroughly disturbed individual but radicalised by western aggression toward muslim countries . afghanistan was 1 cause of anger
sydney siege is over now : 2 + are dead , some injured . police stormed cafe .
big thanks to guardian aus for quality of their live coverage of esp :
: police identify gunman as iranian refugee facing sexual assault charges .
gunman reported to be one of the two people killed in the end of the :
let me well understand the muslims are the in really ???
sydney ;; 1 hostage dead and the hostage taker .= 2 dead
thoroughly disturbed individual but radicalised by western aggression toward muslim countries . afghanistan was 1 cause of anger
im so confused what's going on in sydney
big thanks to guardian aus for quality of their live coverage of esp :
i'm pretty sure my dream last night was inspired by the situation in sydney
gunman reported to be one of the two people killed in the end of the :
so its confirmed .. 2 killed in and one is assumed to be the terrorist .. may he never rest in peace !!!
sydney ;; 1 hostage dead and the hostage taker .= 2 dead
at martin place is finally over , my thoughts and prayers to those affected .
im so confused what's going on in sydney
sorry you were under the impression i sought your approval , but glad we cleared that up misunderstanding . :-)#sydneysiege
i'm pretty sure my dream last night was inspired by the situation in sydney
the next question is why did man haron monis get bail if he'd been accused of being an accessory to murdering his wife ?
so its confirmed .. 2 killed in and one is assumed to be the terrorist .. may he never rest in peace !!!
thank god what a relief ,2 people dead , among them one was gunman .
at martin place is finally over , my thoughts and prayers to those affected .
the siege is over but not without its costs . 2 dead and 3 with serious injuries . area now being combed for explosive
sorry you were under the impression i sought your approval , but glad we cleared that up misunderstanding . :-)#sydneysiege
you couldnt wish for a nicer bunch to share a country with , so tolerant easy going
the next question is why did man haron monis get bail if he'd been accused of being an accessory to murdering his wife ?
am sending lots of love and prayers to the people of sydney , new south wales and australia at this horrible , horrible time .
thank god what a relief ,2 people dead , among them one was gunman .
whoever granted this nutcase bail should be held accountable too !
the siege is over but not without its costs . 2 dead and 3 with serious injuries . area now being combed for explosive
just heard reports that one hostage was killed ! deepest condolences to the family members !! glad the gunman was killed !
you couldnt wish for a nicer bunch to share a country with , so tolerant easy going
sad day for sydney . strength and love to the families of victims and service members .
am sending lots of love and prayers to the people of sydney , new south wales and australia at this horrible , horrible time .
r .i.p. to the deceased hostage . what a horrible thing to happen when you're just innocently starting work on a monday morning .
whoever granted this nutcase bail should be held accountable too !
my thoughts go out to people / customers of
just heard reports that one hostage was killed ! deepest condolences to the family members !! glad the gunman was killed !
is over , gunman dead in police raid of cafe .
sad day for sydney . strength and love to the families of victims and service members .
thanks for live streaming the coverage of the sydney siege . i'm in canada been able to keep up with what's happening back home
r .i.p. to the deceased hostage . what a horrible thing to happen when you're just innocently starting work on a monday morning .
so glad that siege in has finally come to an end . well done to the aussie cops - they don't mess about !
my thoughts go out to people / customers of
wowhard to bel that practitioner of a religion that treats women as chattel would do something like that
is over , gunman dead in police raid of cafe .
the storey of sydney's attack is now being spun . muslims have to be always in the limelight of violence on the international stage .
thanks for live streaming the coverage of the sydney siege . i'm in canada been able to keep up with what's happening back home
sky reporting that the gunman was one of two people killed . new south wales police declined to comment on report (reuters)
so glad that siege in has finally come to an end . well done to the aussie cops - they don't mess about !
reports both the gunman and a hostage have been killed in the
wowhard to bel that practitioner of a religion that treats women as chattel would do something like that
what is wrong the world ? sydney and now ghent
the storey of sydney's attack is now being spun . muslims have to be always in the limelight of violence on the international stage .
teaches to raise voice whenever find anti-social , anti-national elements across world ..don't be soft on terrorwipe out .
sky reporting that the gunman was one of two people killed . new south wales police declined to comment on report (reuters)
why they were tip-toeing round this evil man ? if it's true they only acted when he killed someone , it was too little too late .
reports both the gunman and a hostage have been killed in the
my hearts breaks for the hostage that has died . my thoughts are with their familywhat is happening to our world ? :(
teaches to raise voice whenever find anti-social , anti-national elements across world ..don't be soft on terrorwipe out .
hope everyone is okay now it's okay . can't we live in peace ?
why they were tip-toeing round this evil man ? if it's true they only acted when he killed someone , it was too little too late .
please stay safe everyone in sydney im praying for you
my hearts breaks for the hostage that has died . my thoughts are with their familywhat is happening to our world ? :(
thinking of sydney-ites right now .
update : the hostage situation in sydney is over after gunfire erupts inside a chocolate cafe .
so the gunman has been shot dead by police . honestly , rot in hell you scumbag .
please stay safe everyone in sydney im praying for you
gunman among two killed as sydney cafe siege ends : sky news : sydney (reuters) - the gunman who held an unknown
thinking of sydney-ites right now .
rip to the lindt cafe hostage who tragically lost their life today after simply going for a coffee . thoughts with family .
so the gunman has been shot dead by police . honestly , rot in hell you scumbag .
hope everyone in sydney is alright . my thoughts and prayers are with you all xx
crazy scenes in sydney , really hope none of the hostages have died
r .i.p the hostage that was killed in sydney 3 the worlds condolences goes out to your friends and family . rest in piece
gunman among two killed as sydney cafe siege ends : sky news : sydney (reuters) - the gunman who held an unknown
relieved this *workplace violence * incident was ended by sydney police - while usa says cops r evil , apologize to terrorists .
rip to the lindt cafe hostage who tragically lost their life today after simply going for a coffee . thoughts with family .
the gunman shot the hostage holy shit i can't stop crying my thoughts go out to the family of that hostage what a horrible thing
hope everyone in sydney is alright . my thoughts and prayers are with you all xx
rip to the hostage killed in the hostage situation .
r .i.p the hostage that was killed in sydney 3 the worlds condolences goes out to your friends and family . rest in piece
hey true blue you haven't gone . you are tough
relieved this *workplace violence * incident was ended by sydney police - while usa says cops r evil , apologize to terrorists .
- just read that 2 are dead , including the gunman and a hostage the gunman killed . see tweets .
the gunman shot the hostage holy shit i can't stop crying my thoughts go out to the family of that hostage what a horrible thing
first news orgs misreport the flag as the isis flag , then they (including me ) cite the abc , not 7 news , for report that 2 died .
rip to the hostage killed in the hostage situation .
i admire the people of australia handled the only people to expose themselves were the 'dl' crowd - every 1 else were amazing
hey true blue you haven't gone . you are tough
absolutely heartwarming - hostage crisis creates most powerful hashtag of the year :
- just read that 2 are dead , including the gunman and a hostage the gunman killed . see tweets .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over from nbc _25
first news orgs misreport the flag as the isis flag , then they (including me ) cite the abc , not 7 news , for report that 2 died .
in 2011 was sending abuse letters to australian jews and soldiers who served in afghanistan
i admire the people of australia handled the only people to expose themselves were the 'dl' crowd - every 1 else were amazing
sydney closed vital institutions after the hostage-taking incident .
absolutely heartwarming - hostage crisis creates most powerful hashtag of the year :
i am a muslim and am a brother to all terror victims and targets . my heart aches from sorrow .
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over from nbc _25
that was the most intense shit i've ever seen on tv
in 2011 was sending abuse letters to australian jews and soldiers who served in afghanistan
lets not be prejudice and say a muslim is involved lets not rule out gingers as an option
sydney closed vital institutions after the hostage-taking incident .
breaking news :#sydneysiege is over after more than 16 hoursgunman 1 hostage dead . 3 hostages seriously injured .#australia
i am a muslim and am a brother to all terror victims and targets . my heart aches from sorrow .
bbc news telling us that was 'an isolated incident '. there's been a lot of 'isolated incidents ' lately
that was the most intense shit i've ever seen on tv
it is so important to not take your loved ones and friends for granted . my heart is with everyone in sydney .
lets not be prejudice and say a muslim is involved lets not rule out gingers as an option
sydney cafe siege ends in hail of gunfire
breaking news :#sydneysiege is over after more than 16 hoursgunman 1 hostage dead . 3 hostages seriously injured .#australia
devastating to hear about the two deaths and several injuries the worlds thoughts are with you at this time
bbc news telling us that was 'an isolated incident '. there's been a lot of 'isolated incidents ' lately
i give all my respect to sydney police officer
it is so important to not take your loved ones and friends for granted . my heart is with everyone in sydney .
suspected-jihadist-takes-hostages-cafe-shop-sydney . newseveryday siege over # gunman dead ?
devastating to hear about the two deaths and several injuries the worlds thoughts are with you at this time
sydney siege ends ; 2 said killed , including attacker via
i give all my respect to sydney police officer
solution : death to han haron monis aka sheikh haron .
suspected-jihadist-takes-hostages-cafe-shop-sydney . newseveryday siege over # gunman dead ?
peace in sydney australia please . prayers for the lost .
gunman among two killed as sydney cafe siege ends : sky news : gunman among two killed as sydney cafe s
we can stop calling the guy a terrorist ; he was obviously a deranged perverted fantasist
sydney siege ends ; 2 said killed , including attacker via
photos : see images from the scene of
solution : death to han haron monis aka sheikh haron .
so the crisis is over after the death of an innocent hostage *sigh* it's still a crisis :(
peace in sydney australia please . prayers for the lost .
another the moment police went in vid -
we can stop calling the guy a terrorist ; he was obviously a deranged perverted fantasist
two dead gunman and tragically a hostage police off
photos : see images from the scene of
too many lone wolves in that religion of junglees .
so the crisis is over after the death of an innocent hostage *sigh* it's still a crisis :(
can't happen on your home ground there eh ? post 9 /11?welcome to our world there aussiesowy owy owy .
another the moment police went in vid -
video : sydney gunman could be lone wolf with no ties to terror groups
too many lone wolves in that religion of junglees .
important to remember that man monis is not recognised as a religious leader to the muslim community .
can't happen on your home ground there eh ? post 9 /11?welcome to our world there aussiesowy owy owy .
just in : police in confirm multiple fatalities , multiple injuries ; gunman's fate unconfirmed watch live :
video : sydney gunman could be lone wolf with no ties to terror groups
hostage standoff for 17 hours in sydney . yikes
hats off to police (y)two dead in . police storm cafe and kill gunman after he shoots a hostage .rip :(
yeah its over now , but one hostage was killed and many other injured :( the gunman was killed aswell x
important to remember that man monis is not recognised as a religious leader to the muslim community .
terrorist gunman holding 15 hostage in sydney cafe is an iranian shek via
just in : police in confirm multiple fatalities , multiple injuries ; gunman's fate unconfirmed watch live :
video captures police storming sydney cafe
hostage standoff for 17 hours in sydney . yikes
australian hostage-taker arrived as a refugee in australia from iran in 1996 :
yeah its over now , but one hostage was killed and many other injured :( the gunman was killed aswell x
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours - the rakyat post
terrorist gunman holding 15 hostage in sydney cafe is an iranian shek via
so sad to hear about sydney , tragic that this is what it has taken for the world to listen up and begin to actually help . thoughtsprayers
video captures police storming sydney cafe
thankful the is over ! thoughts with all of those affected ! praying for those who were injured . sending my love !!
australian hostage-taker arrived as a refugee in australia from iran in 1996 :
what a tragic day for sydney my prayers are with all the people and their families
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours - the rakyat post
swat team storm the lint cafe - sydney
so sad to hear about sydney , tragic that this is what it has taken for the world to listen up and begin to actually help . thoughtsprayers
this gunman was on bail for lighting his wife on fire plus the rest ! that magistrate should be held partly accountable . great job by
thankful the is over ! thoughts with all of those affected ! praying for those who were injured . sending my love !!
kiwi sees hostages on knees : a new zealander who saw the sydney siege unfold has described seeing people cower
what a tragic day for sydney my prayers are with all the people and their families
two people confirmed dead one being the coward gunman .
swat team storm the lint cafe - sydney
australia hostage drama well-planned to create fear and 'maximum publicity ' says expert : the sydney siege by a
this gunman was on bail for lighting his wife on fire plus the rest ! that magistrate should be held partly accountable . great job by
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named : sydney : australian security forces on tuesday s
kiwi sees hostages on knees : a new zealander who saw the sydney siege unfold has described seeing people cower
sydney siege : what we know about alleged hostage-taker man haron monis : the alleged sydney hostage ta
two people confirmed dead one being the coward gunman .
oh my , so pleased it's over .
australia hostage drama well-planned to create fear and 'maximum publicity ' says expert : the sydney siege by a
sydneysiegehostages running from the lindt cafe in martin place , as seen in footage from channel 7 .
sydney siege : what we know about alleged hostage-taker man haron monis : the alleged sydney hostage ta
all are safe | sydney terror operation : tv5 news : via
oh my , so pleased it's over .
prayers to the families and loved ones of the victim who died in the hands of the hostage taker . what a terrible finale !
sydneysiegehostages running from the lindt cafe in martin place , as seen in footage from channel 7 .
looks like a game of hopefully know one is killed . except obviously for the gunman .
rip to the innocent hostage who passed today in sydney .
[updated] police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed
all are safe | sydney terror operation : tv5 news : via
: was helping australian police gain info on hostage-taker , via
prayers to the families and loved ones of the victim who died in the hands of the hostage taker . what a terrible finale !
no channel 7 are now saying that the gunman is among the dead and the other one was shot and killed by the gunman himself
looks like a game of hopefully know one is killed . except obviously for the gunman .
sydney jihadist , one other person dead as police storm cafe to end jihad hostage crisis
[updated] police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed
new years in sydney won't be the same . the fear this has put everyone in , i wouldn't want to be there .
: was helping australian police gain info on hostage-taker , via
icymi : uber introduced surge pricing during the sydney hostage crisis , was forced to backtrack after public outcry
no channel 7 are now saying that the gunman is among the dead and the other one was shot and killed by the gunman himself
i feel guilt and very bad going through my veins after i came to know about because while they were fighting i was resting .
sydney jihadist , one other person dead as police storm cafe to end jihad hostage crisis
police went in but sadly one innocent hostage dead as well as the gunman .
new years in sydney won't be the same . the fear this has put everyone in , i wouldn't want to be there .
absolutely devastating to hear reports that one hostage was killed during the sydney cafe siege .
icymi : uber introduced surge pricing during the sydney hostage crisis , was forced to backtrack after public outcry
another indian hostage pushpendu ghosh is also safe , says sushma swaraj . live :
i feel guilt and very bad going through my veins after i came to know about because while they were fighting i was resting .
the reminds us how blessed we are to be safe at home for the holidays
police went in but sadly one innocent hostage dead as well as the gunman .
crazy iranian towel head gunman dead in sydney .. minimal casualties , great effort on part of sydney swat team
absolutely devastating to hear reports that one hostage was killed during the sydney cafe siege .
still depressed about what happened at sydney . huhu
another indian hostage pushpendu ghosh is also safe , says sushma swaraj . live :
sending love to everyone involved in the sydney siege . what an absolute tragedy .. glad to hear it's over !
the reminds us how blessed we are to be safe at home for the holidays
as ever , the news is full of speculation , possibilities , and unconfirmed reports . i'll wait for the official statements .
crazy iranian towel head gunman dead in sydney .. minimal casualties , great effort on part of sydney swat team
sir is our police equipped enough to handle a sydney like situation ? i don't think there is swat like team . not trying to criticize
still depressed about what happened at sydney . huhu
thoughts out to the injured /deceased victims . sad day for australia , but glad this siege is over .
sending love to everyone involved in the sydney siege . what an absolute tragedy .. glad to hear it's over !
thank god ,everyone is safe !!! .gunman sheik man haron monis one of the two who died in the .
as ever , the news is full of speculation , possibilities , and unconfirmed reports . i'll wait for the official statements .
there's a gunman lose in my town and i have to walk home from school fml
sir is our police equipped enough to handle a sydney like situation ? i don't think there is swat like team . not trying to criticize
police storm sydney cafe , gunfire erupting , more hostages escape : submitted by lukeyflukey to worldnews [li
thoughts out to the injured /deceased victims . sad day for australia , but glad this siege is over .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : police say a hostage situation in sydney i
thank god ,everyone is safe !!! .gunman sheik man haron monis one of the two who died in the .
tactical police storming cafe was unplanned . gunman fired first shot . local media
there's a gunman lose in my town and i have to walk home from school fml
hopefully indian media has learnt a few lessons from how aus (and other global ) media tackled the sydney siege .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours : police say a hostage situation in sydney i
' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis ' --
tactical police storming cafe was unplanned . gunman fired first shot . local media
so apparently 1 of the two people who died was the gunman himself ?
hopefully indian media has learnt a few lessons from how aus (and other global ) media tackled the sydney siege .
why the fuck do you need to bring up the fact that the gunman was iranian and muslim ? report on the facts you ignorant pieces of shit
bomb disposal robot employed at sydney cafe where hostages held - newsday
absolutely heartbreaking to hear about what's going on in sydney stay safe everyone .
' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis ' --
yvw . my brain was focused on sydney . that came in while reading your tweet
so apparently 1 of the two people who died was the gunman himself ?
bbc news - australia commandos end sydney cafe siege - will clerics followers start a jihad in australia ?
why the fuck do you need to bring up the fact that the gunman was iranian and muslim ? report on the facts you ignorant pieces of shit
police storm sydney cafe where islamic state-sympathizer held hostages ; two hostages killed .
absolutely heartbreaking to hear about what's going on in sydney stay safe everyone .
the real terrorist villain of sydney revealed : uber
yvw . my brain was focused on sydney . that came in while reading your tweet
martin place ,sydneysiege gunman identified as man haron monis viawhere was his islamic help , silent as usual
bbc news - australia commandos end sydney cafe siege - will clerics followers start a jihad in australia ?
looks like its official - owns of i wonder what will tell cuomo to say tomorrow .
the real terrorist villain of sydney revealed : uber
bomb disposal robot employed at sydney cafe where hostages held - cache valley daily
martin place ,sydneysiege gunman identified as man haron monis viawhere was his islamic help , silent as usual
i need to show my appreciation for sydneysiders for protecting our muslim's women and choice not to blame us in
looks like its official - owns of i wonder what will tell cuomo to say tomorrow .
news : the suspected sydney hostage taker is a 'spiritual healer ' with a long rap sheet
| one hostage and gunman killed as ends
the is end w 2 people reported dead . truly appreciate clarifying the shahada flag not a certain gesture of terrorism .
bomb disposal robot employed at sydney cafe where hostages held - cache valley daily
im obs v isoul stressed too lm ao , but i get driven to school and hoenstly im more worried about my uncle whos going 2 work at sydney 2 morro
i need to show my appreciation for sydneysiders for protecting our muslim's women and choice not to blame us in
whatever else happens , i hope we do not have bliar , bush or cheney commenting on . we don't need croc tears !
news : the suspected sydney hostage taker is a 'spiritual healer ' with a long rap sheet
my dads in australia and i have no clue what part he's in i'm so scared what if he's in sydney
the is end w 2 people reported dead . truly appreciate clarifying the shahada flag not a certain gesture of terrorism .
my heart goes out to those involved with the x
im obs v isoul stressed too lm ao , but i get driven to school and hoenstly im more worried about my uncle whos going 2 work at sydney 2 morro
huge thanks to for not geo-blocking ! coverage from and reporters on the ground is stellar .
whatever else happens , i hope we do not have bliar , bush or cheney commenting on . we don't need croc tears !
this is making me sick !!!! i feel so sorry for them all !!! except the asshole gunman !!
my dads in australia and i have no clue what part he's in i'm so scared what if he's in sydney
so sad that one of the sydney hostages has died . rip .
my heart goes out to those involved with the x
is alliteration really necessary when it comes to human atrocities ?
huge thanks to for not geo-blocking ! coverage from and reporters on the ground is stellar .
aussies are awesome . 3 i'm making that a tag .
this is making me sick !!!! i feel so sorry for them all !!! except the asshole gunman !!
r .i.p to the hostage who lost their life today .. thoughts are with their loved ones ! so sad
so sad that one of the sydney hostages has died . rip .
so u support the terrorist responsible 4 . thx 4 clearing that up
is alliteration really necessary when it comes to human atrocities ?
is a message of tolerance and peace that needs to last well beyond the . well done , australia .
aussies are awesome . 3 i'm making that a tag .
sydney siege :sadly one hostage died siege over and hostage taker killed .
r .i.p to the hostage who lost their life today .. thoughts are with their loved ones ! so sad
bomb disposal robot employed at sydney cafe where hostages held - sfgate
so u support the terrorist responsible 4 . thx 4 clearing that up
god bless the family who lost their love one in the 16 hours hostage standoff . sydney has always been a special place to me and my dad .
is a message of tolerance and peace that needs to last well beyond the . well done , australia .
sydney cafe siege . poncing about in beard and kaftan spouting religious garbage doesn't stop u being evil murderer
sydney siege :sadly one hostage died siege over and hostage taker killed .
to think someone stopped off at a cafe before work in sydney this morning , just to be executed 16 hours later after being held captive
god bless the family who lost their love one in the 16 hours hostage standoff . sydney has always been a special place to me and my dad .
my heartfelt deepest condolences to the people that were killed in . sydney chocolate cafe seige .and best wishes to the people survive .
sydney cafe siege . poncing about in beard and kaftan spouting religious garbage doesn't stop u being evil murderer
so sad that it has to end with the death of an innocent life
to think someone stopped off at a cafe before work in sydney this morning , just to be executed 16 hours later after being held captive
not one , 2 indians were taken hostage .they are safe now .#sydney
police storm sydney cafe - fresno bee
very disappointed with the outcome of my prayers go out to all the hostages and their families . they didnt deserve this .
my heartfelt deepest condolences to the people that were killed in . sydney chocolate cafe seige .and best wishes to the people survive .
man responsible for on bail for murder of ex-wife 40 accounts of sexual assault
so sad that it has to end with the death of an innocent life
genuinely so fucked off that the gunman got out of it so easily
not one , 2 indians were taken hostage .they are safe now .#sydney
on the news , we will speak to a reporter from australia about the after the next break .
very disappointed with the outcome of my prayers go out to all the hostages and their families . they didnt deserve this .
hostage-taker haron monis , killed by aus police , was under trial for sexual assault murder of his ex-wife
man responsible for on bail for murder of ex-wife 40 accounts of sexual assault
we're getting a live update from sydney , where the hostage situation has ended , according to police .
genuinely so fucked off that the gunman got out of it so easily
via australian muslim youth handed out 2000 flowers and 3600 water bottles to ppl in sydney
on the news , we will speak to a reporter from australia about the after the next break .
thesudburystar : security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe : australian security forces on tuesday stormed
hostage-taker haron monis , killed by aus police , was under trial for sexual assault murder of his ex-wife
that video of the gunman storming the sydney cafe is unreal . literally just unloaded 100 's of bullets when they got in .
we're getting a live update from sydney , where the hostage situation has ended , according to police .
i'm actually in such shock over what happened
via australian muslim youth handed out 2000 flowers and 3600 water bottles to ppl in sydney
found it a little inappropriate for certain people in the public eye tweeting their day without a mention of compassion for the
thesudburystar : security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe : australian security forces on tuesday stormed
| both indian hostages , infosys employee pushpendu ghosh safe , tweets external affairs minister
that video of the gunman storming the sydney cafe is unreal . literally just unloaded 100 's of bullets when they got in .
aus media reports hostage was killed by the gunman prompting commandoes to storm the cafe
found it a little inappropriate for certain people in the public eye tweeting their day without a mention of compassion for the
that's so crazy . i walked past that cafe everyday i was in sydney smh .
| both indian hostages , infosys employee pushpendu ghosh safe , tweets external affairs minister
hindu scriptures don't have a single word equivalent to'imaanaari'or 'honesty'.hinduism's dishonest to the core
aus media reports hostage was killed by the gunman prompting commandoes to storm the cafe
on now with the latest from reports of 2 fatalities - 1 believed suspect , 49 -year-old man haron monis ,
so glad so many people survived , was heart wrencing watching it all happen but i am glad that its over
world watches end of sydney cafe siege : people around the world have watched live the dramatic en
that's so crazy . i walked past that cafe everyday i was in sydney smh .
news-leader : reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege
hindu scriptures don't have a single word equivalent to'imaanaari'or 'honesty'.hinduism's dishonest to the core
5 people have escaped from sydney hostage situation , still more being held inside
on now with the latest from reports of 2 fatalities - 1 believed suspect , 49 -year-old man haron monis ,
if you're taking selfies near where the hostages are being held in sydney , you should be ashamed of yourself .
world watches end of sydney cafe siege : people around the world have watched live the dramatic en
1 confirmed dead . get your facts right . second supposedly the gunman .
news-leader : reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege
it is unfortunate that sociopaths are ruining the reputation of islam . muslims must be so frustrated with these nut jobs .
if you're taking selfies near where the hostages are being held in sydney , you should be ashamed of yourself .
how can any religion claim to be pure and the one that murder and rape in the name of it ? its a sick world
1 confirmed dead . get your facts right . second supposedly the gunman .
absolutely appalling ! people taking selfies at the , no shame : via
it is unfortunate that sociopaths are ruining the reputation of islam . muslims must be so frustrated with these nut jobs .
police storm sydney cafe , gunfire erupting , more hostages escape submitted by lukeyflukey to worldnews [link] [514
how can any religion claim to be pure and the one that murder and rape in the name of it ? its a sick world
may been saved by sydney not being carried on news networks democracy live site now working
absolutely appalling ! people taking selfies at the , no shame : via
rip to the hostage who has died an the gunman hope you rot in hell .
police storm sydney cafe , gunfire erupting , more hostages escape submitted by lukeyflukey to worldnews [link] [514
gunman sheik man haron monis has been killed ..sorry
2 hostages killed by the extremist in sydney , real shame . r .i.p.
housemate's baby and housemate woke me at 3 am . then i couldn't stop watching the news coming from tragic , tragic
may been saved by sydney not being carried on news networks democracy live site now working
sydney siege : police storm lindt cafe where hostages were being held : a flurry of
rip to the hostage who has died an the gunman hope you rot in hell .
sydney siege : police say hostage situation in lindt cafe over : police say a hosta
gunman sheik man haron monis has been killed ..sorry
yet another example of the religion of terror in action . when will our governments learn to stop promoting it ?
housemate's baby and housemate woke me at 3 am . then i couldn't stop watching the news coming from tragic , tragic
a mobile signal jammer has been brought in
sydney siege : police storm lindt cafe where hostages were being held : a flurry of
true ! journos there dont attack common people mt much to learn for us in the media from measured oz coverage
sydney siege : police say hostage situation in lindt cafe over : police say a hosta
live : sydney siege over , two including gunman man monis dead : at least 15 people
yet another example of the religion of terror in action . when will our governments learn to stop promoting it ?
well done australia on finding the hashtag somewhere in the ruins of the . very heartwarming .
a mobile signal jammer has been brought in
respect to the commandos in sydney and glad i'm into usar and not hostage release
true ! journos there dont attack common people mt much to learn for us in the media from measured oz coverage
one hostage and gunman reported dead in
live : sydney siege over , two including gunman man monis dead : at least 15 people
do not doubt the need for us news to cover but ain't heard shit about on cnn there's 5 + dead , maybe more .
well done australia on finding the hashtag somewhere in the ruins of the . very heartwarming .
gunman among two killed as ends - sky news
respect to the commandos in sydney and glad i'm into usar and not hostage release
sending love and light to people in sydney
one hostage and gunman reported dead in
sydney residents turn to social media to spread a message of tolerance with hashtag : via
do not doubt the need for us news to cover but ain't heard shit about on cnn there's 5 + dead , maybe more .
now if only the bigots and haters coming out of the sewers would remember that !
gunman among two killed as ends - sky news
and u wonder why i think uber is evil .uber backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
sending love and light to people in sydney
rip to the lives lost in sydney , prayers to their families and anyone who got injured
sydney residents turn to social media to spread a message of tolerance with hashtag : via
any fatalities in other than mad lone wolf ? loose link to is /al qaeda may've piqued interest as these attacks are likely to increase
now if only the bigots and haters coming out of the sewers would remember that !
one hostage confirmed dead along with the gunman tragic . storming the cafe was unplanned and in response to the gunman opening fire
and u wonder why i think uber is evil .uber backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
wonder in what happened in sydney was in london or new york would we be as tolerant and start up a campaign like doubt it
rip to the lives lost in sydney , prayers to their families and anyone who got injured
the judge who gave bail to this guy .sacked no1 that incompetent should be in law ..tactical police used too much fire .pathetic
any fatalities in other than mad lone wolf ? loose link to is /al qaeda may've piqued interest as these attacks are likely to increase
'this sydney stuff makes me glad i live in ____ !' this sydney stuff proves that it can happen anywhere considering how safe australia is
one hostage confirmed dead along with the gunman tragic . storming the cafe was unplanned and in response to the gunman opening fire
thank god sydney crisis is over hope the persons behind this are punished .
wonder in what happened in sydney was in london or new york would we be as tolerant and start up a campaign like doubt it
huge admiration for commandos , emergency services ..etc putting own lives on the line to try to save others
the judge who gave bail to this guy .sacked no1 that incompetent should be in law ..tactical police used too much fire .pathetic
turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene lol this is outstanding
'this sydney stuff makes me glad i live in ____ !' this sydney stuff proves that it can happen anywhere considering how safe australia is
uber sydney charging at least $100 during hostage crisis
thank god sydney crisis is over hope the persons behind this are punished .
press associationpolice storm sydney hostage cafe
huge admiration for commandos , emergency services ..etc putting own lives on the line to try to save others
australian police end sydney cafe siege
turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene lol this is outstanding
the gun man appears to have been a shia convert to sunni islam (h/t )
uber sydney charging at least $100 during hostage crisis
every fair-minded , educated australian will not be affected by the lone wolf siege in sydney (we still love our islamic brothers sisters ).
press associationpolice storm sydney hostage cafe
yes but australia has so much less crime than u .s. so i think aussies do it right and we do it wrong . so . . .
australian police end sydney cafe siege
hi david , all uber trips out of the sydney cbd were free today to help riders get home safely . see
the gun man appears to have been a shia convert to sunni islam (h/t )
today we send a strong message to these terrorists that we no longer tolerate you arrogance .
every fair-minded , educated australian will not be affected by the lone wolf siege in sydney (we still love our islamic brothers sisters ).
just so we're clear , the sydney hostage crisis was not the work of isis , or any other transnational org . let's avoid suggesting otherwise
yes but australia has so much less crime than u .s. so i think aussies do it right and we do it wrong . so . . .
reported gunman out on bail . more rights 4 criminals than innocent civilians . justice system stacked 2 protect criminals rights
hi david , all uber trips out of the sydney cbd were free today to help riders get home safely . see
we're on air early on this morning for the latest on
today we send a strong message to these terrorists that we no longer tolerate you arrogance .
joins us with the latest on end of hostage standoff
just so we're clear , the sydney hostage crisis was not the work of isis , or any other transnational org . let's avoid suggesting otherwise
the whole humanity must take step to stop some foolish people spreading voolence
reported gunman out on bail . more rights 4 criminals than innocent civilians . justice system stacked 2 protect criminals rights
why couldn't the sydney police sneak in , when the initial group of hostages were fleeing via the back door ?police had so much time to act !!!
we're on air early on this morning for the latest on
horrible to hear that one of the hostages has been killed in sydney . some crazy people in this world .
the whole humanity must take step to stop some foolish people spreading voolence
its 3 :37am, still reading tweets . cant get enough of them . thank god its over .
why couldn't the sydney police sneak in , when the initial group of hostages were fleeing via the back door ?police had so much time to act !!!
what a ride , man . watching this for as long as it went on for , gotta feel for the people there .
horrible to hear that one of the hostages has been killed in sydney . some crazy people in this world .
just heard bout what happen in sydney . kinda creeps me out . hopefully all the people there is alright . be careful stay safe
its 3 :37am, still reading tweets . cant get enough of them . thank god its over .
2 , injured after storm cafe - dec 15 am et
what a ride , man . watching this for as long as it went on for , gotta feel for the people there .
sydney lets boycott tplf's bloody event : via
sydney siege live : hostages removed on stretchers as police storm building to end lindt cafe siege via independe
is trending worldwide as australians look to prevent anti-muslim backlash
2 , injured after storm cafe - dec 15 am et
saying you typically don't want to end hostage crisis with gunshotsumm what ? is this the twilight zone ?
sydney lets boycott tplf's bloody event : via
my heart goes out to all those affected by the . it just goes to show that these kind of attacks can happen anywhere at anytime .
is trending worldwide as australians look to prevent anti-muslim backlash
so sad to hear about the siege in sydney and the shootings outside philly !
saying you typically don't want to end hostage crisis with gunshotsumm what ? is this the twilight zone ?
people who do such things are sick and dangerous .
my heart goes out to all those affected by the . it just goes to show that these kind of attacks can happen anywhere at anytime .
don't forget to help turn the sydney gunman into a historical figure by dedicating your show to him for the next month .
so sad to hear about the siege in sydney and the shootings outside philly !
# sydney australia for muslims who don't feel safe and
people who do such things are sick and dangerous .
thoughts and prayers to all hostages and families affected in the . absolutely sickening what has happened
don't forget to help turn the sydney gunman into a historical figure by dedicating your show to him for the next month .
australia needs to change its laws ..a man who was already booked for more dan 30 sex related ofnces was free ..
have you been keeping up with the sydney siege news ?
gunman man haron monis was killed in the
# sydney australia for muslims who don't feel safe and
i'm pretty sure people thought it would be cool to take during because they saw someone's
thoughts and prayers to all hostages and families affected in the . absolutely sickening what has happened
you're one of the few voices people could trust during this tragedy . quality .
australia needs to change its laws ..a man who was already booked for more dan 30 sex related ofnces was free ..
but what happened in sydney im so confused
gunman man haron monis was killed in the
crickets from the mullahs regime regarding the gunman
crickets from the mullahs regime regarding the gunman
please please be ok . i feel sick watching this footage . i'm praying that none of my coworkers at are hurt
my thoughts and prayers are with the people involved in the at may everyone go home safe .
thoughts with all those affected in the sydney seige
my heart goes out to all those poor people affected by the
lol this was only thing missing after
sydney siege tests muslim community : a delicate truce between law-enforcement agencies and the loc source : wsj
there is very little stopping something like sydney from happening here . our electeds are too scared to secure us properly .
please please be ok . i feel sick watching this footage . i'm praying that none of my coworkers at are hurt
the situation in sydney is nothing to joke about
lol this was only thing missing after
uber turned on uber-expensive surge pricing for riders trying to flee the area of sydney hostage crisis .
there is very little stopping something like sydney from happening here . our electeds are too scared to secure us properly .
stop blaming islam , the real cause is cousinfucking
the situation in sydney is nothing to joke about
nono , one hostage plus the gunman , but not confirmed
it makes me angry how people are 'disappointed' in 5 sos because of the sydney siege thing , there is nothing they could've done .
no no tasleema ji not gunman '' secular force '' . simple
uber turned on uber-expensive surge pricing for riders trying to flee the area of sydney hostage crisis .
there is no bad religion , only bad people . my heart goes out to the families effected by the
stop blaming islam , the real cause is cousinfucking
ya ! a common criminal . a dead one now .
nono , one hostage plus the gunman , but not confirmed
videos of hostages from report 3 bombs around city including george st and circular quay
no no tasleema ji not gunman '' secular force '' . simple
sydney cafe siege : australian police say standoff is over photo :
there is no bad religion , only bad people . my heart goes out to the families effected by the
heart goes out to the sydney hostages - hoping for a positive outcome .
ya ! a common criminal . a dead one now .
the gunman , man morris was not a recognised leader of muslims
videos of hostages from report 3 bombs around city including george st and circular quay
great to see the siege is over .now waiting for the inevitable 'he was a lovely , misunderstood man ' statement from the gunman's parents .
heart goes out to the sydney hostages - hoping for a positive outcome .
it's too bad like pieces of shit like that guy in sydney exist in this world .
great to see the siege is over .now waiting for the inevitable 'he was a lovely , misunderstood man ' statement from the gunman's parents .
sydney siege was accused of sexual assaults
it's too bad like pieces of shit like that guy in sydney exist in this world .
sir u have access to meet surviors .plz meet survior from guntur .
sydney siege was accused of sexual assaults
i'm afraid i agree . look at their stupid grinning faces . how would they have liked to be inside that cafe ?
australian news reporting two dead in sydney -- gunman and one hostage . hostage reportedly executed by gunman .
thank god the is over ! thoughts prayers with the family friends of the hostages killed .
sir u have access to meet surviors .plz meet survior from guntur .
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe via
shame that the gunman was killed , clearly it was what he wanted and he should of had to suffer his whole life in prison instead
i hope everybody gets out safely
i'm afraid i agree . look at their stupid grinning faces . how would they have liked to be inside that cafe ?
i think our prime minister sent a secret message to the terrorist following which he was neutralized .
thank god the is over ! thoughts prayers with the family friends of the hostages killed .
via sydney stands up to racism and bigotry with one beautiful hashtag
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe via
sydney siege tests muslim community from
i hope everybody gets out safely
uber charges 4 x regular rates to evacuate in sydney standoff : remember this in long-term taxi use - via
i think our prime minister sent a secret message to the terrorist following which he was neutralized .
my heart goes out to the individual who lost their life in the sydney siege . my prayers are now with their loved ones
via sydney stands up to racism and bigotry with one beautiful hashtag
suspect had 40 charges of sexual assault this yr , accessory to murder charge last yr . was on bail
sydney siege tests muslim community from
imagine the pr boost would have received if it would have offered free rides in downtown sydney during . ethical business .
uber charges 4 x regular rates to evacuate in sydney standoff : remember this in long-term taxi use - via
breaking news : australian media report hostage-taker and one hostage died in sydney siege . more in the news at 5 pm
my heart goes out to the individual who lost their life in the sydney siege . my prayers are now with their loved ones
god bless the two people that lost their lives .
suspect had 40 charges of sexual assault this yr , accessory to murder charge last yr . was on bail
that poor hostage that was killed in the siege , as for the hostage taker , ah well
imagine the pr boost would have received if it would have offered free rides in downtown sydney during . ethical business .
sadly one hostage has died and the gunman .
breaking news : australian media report hostage-taker and one hostage died in sydney siege . more in the news at 5 pm
on sydney terror threats : i dont favor torture but when u tie hands of a free society to combat terrorism this will happen again again
god bless the two people that lost their lives .
sydney authorities after 16 hours puts an end to
that poor hostage that was killed in the siege , as for the hostage taker , ah well
also prayers are with the family of the hostage who didn't make it .
sadly one hostage has died and the gunman .
ends !! good conquers over bad , always !! patience , courage , professionalism and fight shown by australian police
on sydney terror threats : i dont favor torture but when u tie hands of a free society to combat terrorism this will happen again again
you are correct it was just a generic flag . but it wasn't the media making the connection . it was the gunman himself .
sydney authorities after 16 hours puts an end to
express fear of backlash bc of islamic extremists . the world will retreat farther n farther from muslims bc of violence .
also prayers are with the family of the hostage who didn't make it .
the sydney cafe hostage situation ends in violence rain /cooler temps are on the way . i'm in for at noon see you then !
ends !! good conquers over bad , always !! patience , courage , professionalism and fight shown by australian police
shit . 2 people dead , 1 believed to be the gunman .
you are correct it was just a generic flag . but it wasn't the media making the connection . it was the gunman himself .
the convention in sydney is basically mardi gras .
express fear of backlash bc of islamic extremists . the world will retreat farther n farther from muslims bc of violence .
finding out that people were taking selfies during the sydney hostage crisis has really pissed me off . what is wrong with people ?
shit . 2 people dead , 1 believed to be the gunman .
horrible misrepresentation of islam and leave australia alone you extremists ! it is a last hold of freedom
the convention in sydney is basically mardi gras .
so what is the answer to the terrorist attack in sydney others around the world ?how do you defend so many targets ?
finding out that people were taking selfies during the sydney hostage crisis has really pissed me off . what is wrong with people ?
# sydney cafe siege my sympathy is with gaurab bhatta as he often gets to defend the indefeasible . better seek employment elsewhere .
uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during hostage situation [the verge ]
i was taking about people in sydney who were standing all around it its ok lil clifford
horrible misrepresentation of islam and leave australia alone you extremists ! it is a last hold of freedom
sydney lindt cafe siege : police confirm the 17 -hour siege has ended
so what is the answer to the terrorist attack in sydney others around the world ?how do you defend so many targets ?
i'm no expert , but shouldn't the stun grenades go first ?
# sydney cafe siege my sympathy is with gaurab bhatta as he often gets to defend the indefeasible . better seek employment elsewhere .
it's been a tough day for australia , we're glad the situation is now over .
i was taking about people in sydney who were standing all around it its ok lil clifford
lets make this universal and not only . we need more acts like this in this scary world
sydney lindt cafe siege : police confirm the 17 -hour siege has ended
taking a moment to share appreciate the community movement happening in response to cafe terrorism in sydney australia .
i'm no expert , but shouldn't the stun grenades go first ?
man , these uber folks are something else / anger at uber as fares soar during sydney cafe siege | oklahoma city - okc
it's been a tough day for australia , we're glad the situation is now over .
any minute now the leftist feminists will tweet storm against the wife murdering , sexual assaulting muslim terrorist in sydneyany minute
lets make this universal and not only . we need more acts like this in this scary world
heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , where a gunman identified as an iranian refugee had been holding dozens of hostages .
taking a moment to share appreciate the community movement happening in response to cafe terrorism in sydney australia .
glad to hear the is over . praying for the trauma that will ensue .
man , these uber folks are something else / anger at uber as fares soar during sydney cafe siege | oklahoma city - okc
this definitely approves to us that iran is a devil . iran and isis do not represent islam at all
any minute now the leftist feminists will tweet storm against the wife murdering , sexual assaulting muslim terrorist in sydneyany minute
seems like a policeman was shot in the head , taken away by stretcher .
heavily armed police storm a cafe in sydney , australia , where a gunman identified as an iranian refugee had been holding dozens of hostages .
update : one hostage and the gunman are reported to be killed as the ended the 16 -hour long
glad to hear the is over . praying for the trauma that will ensue .
horrible i just heard what happened in sydney all my thoughts and prayers
this definitely approves to us that iran is a devil . iran and isis do not represent islam at all
knowing who the gunman was , why would you treat him like a misguided zealot ? poor form . one innocent dead .
seems like a policeman was shot in the head , taken away by stretcher .
say cafe situation over - dec 15 am et
update : one hostage and the gunman are reported to be killed as the ended the 16 -hour long
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe--note muslim leaders mentioned in article .
horrible i just heard what happened in sydney all my thoughts and prayers
this broke my heart god knows what this woman have been through in the past 17 hours
knowing who the gunman was , why would you treat him like a misguided zealot ? poor form . one innocent dead .
nope m8 they turned on surge pricing on purpose , nothing accidental about it
say cafe situation over - dec 15 am et
the world can be a scary placethoughts go out to those affected by the
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe--note muslim leaders mentioned in article .
qa : how the sydney siege was reported by the public and news professionals via
this broke my heart god knows what this woman have been through in the past 17 hours
xavier mcdonald , 16 years old , nashville . another life lost at the hands of the police . /
nope m8 they turned on surge pricing on purpose , nothing accidental about it
world watches end of sydney cafe siege
the world can be a scary placethoughts go out to those affected by the
hostage and gunman killed in sydney . siege over , says police
qa : how the sydney siege was reported by the public and news professionals via
should india tour continue in view of unsafe condition in australia ? england called off theirs after 26 /11
xavier mcdonald , 16 years old , nashville . another life lost at the hands of the police . /
breaking : australia media say gunman 1 hostage dead after armed police stormed sydney cafe when he opened fire .
world watches end of sydney cafe siege
dear australians if u want to know what jihad means , just ask jews or hindusthere is no moderate islam , its only an illusion
hostage and gunman killed in sydney . siege over , says police
so so thankful this dreadful siege is over ! so sadden about how
should india tour continue in view of unsafe condition in australia ? england called off theirs after 26 /11
my thoughts with all of those affected by the including the police , australian army and friends and families of those involved .
breaking : australia media say gunman 1 hostage dead after armed police stormed sydney cafe when he opened fire .
upsetting that this happens when people who've been in jail aren't properly rehabiliated . assailant had untreated mental issues
dear australians if u want to know what jihad means , just ask jews or hindusthere is no moderate islam , its only an illusion
sydney hostage ended . every one is safe including 2 indians .
so so thankful this dreadful siege is over ! so sadden about how
monisji joined osamaji tweet like
my thoughts with all of those affected by the including the police , australian army and friends and families of those involved .
thank u to the and everyone trying their utmost best to resolve the in the most suitable and strategic way possible .
upsetting that this happens when people who've been in jail aren't properly rehabiliated . assailant had untreated mental issues
nine news are saying two dead including gunman
sydney hostage ended . every one is safe including 2 indians .
these police officers are heroes . their dedication throughout the 17 hrs is truly remarkable
monisji joined osamaji tweet like
the correct term here is 'known wolf ' not lone wolf .end of rant .
thank u to the and everyone trying their utmost best to resolve the in the most suitable and strategic way possible .
thankfully it's over - thoughts and prayers for all impacted by this tragedy
nine news are saying two dead including gunman
so this scum kills his wife and rapes numerous women and our pathetic legal system lets this turd out on bail , disgusting
these police officers are heroes . their dedication throughout the 17 hrs is truly remarkable
we were in constant touch with our mission in sydney and the family of reddy . pm was monitoring . thanks a lot
the correct term here is 'known wolf ' not lone wolf .end of rant .
wait what the fuck is going on in sydney
thankfully it's over - thoughts and prayers for all impacted by this tragedy
one hostage confirmed dead ? :( along with the gunman , but who gives a shit
so this scum kills his wife and rapes numerous women and our pathetic legal system lets this turd out on bail , disgusting
australia , is horrible . but please don't let anyone convince you to fight fear w / fear . nothing disarms terror like tolerance .
we were in constant touch with our mission in sydney and the family of reddy . pm was monitoring . thanks a lot
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe it's finally over . so scary .
wait what the fuck is going on in sydney
two dead is too much as is . i hope the death toll doesn't rise as more information comes out .
one hostage confirmed dead ? :( along with the gunman , but who gives a shit
this guy in australia killed and burned his wife and was a free man , how ??!! he should have been killed or jailed ages ago !!
australia , is horrible . but please don't let anyone convince you to fight fear w / fear . nothing disarms terror like tolerance .
this terrorist action wasn't refer to islam . we as moslems condemn it . pray for aussy
sydney hostage crisis over after police storm cafe it's finally over . so scary .
gutted to hear one of the hostages in sydney died . what a horrible day for australia .
two dead is too much as is . i hope the death toll doesn't rise as more information comes out .
vox took some screenshots of gunman's website before it went down (warning: graphic images further down in link
this guy in australia killed and burned his wife and was a free man , how ??!! he should have been killed or jailed ages ago !!
[sydney siege ] police storm lindt chocolate cafe sydneyto free hostage || heavy firing
this terrorist action wasn't refer to islam . we as moslems condemn it . pray for aussy
tactics from the outset almost demanded at least 1 hostage casualty .
gutted to hear one of the hostages in sydney died . what a horrible day for australia .
fewer people died in the terror siege in sydney than die every day in firearm homocides in the us by an order of magnitude .
vox took some screenshots of gunman's website before it went down (warning: graphic images further down in link
sydney hostage situation : at least two people were killed when police stormed the cafe where a suspected
[sydney siege ] police storm lindt chocolate cafe sydneyto free hostage || heavy firing
so happy one of the dead is the terrorist , so sad there is one innocent victim .
tactics from the outset almost demanded at least 1 hostage casualty .
damn just heard about hope people are okay ! seriously , people like that make islam seem awful when in truth it's the opposite ..
fewer people died in the terror siege in sydney than die every day in firearm homocides in the us by an order of magnitude .
hostages helped by ambos heading to hospitals , condition unknown . abc livefeed says it hopes all are alive , no official word
so happy one of the dead is the terrorist , so sad there is one innocent victim .
if any human rights activist tells me this man monis bloke shouldn't have been in jail , i'll punch them in the fucking face !!!
damn just heard about hope people are okay ! seriously , people like that make islam seem awful when in truth it's the opposite ..
mt police identify sydney terrorist as muslim refugee facing sexual assault charges
hostages helped by ambos heading to hospitals , condition unknown . abc livefeed says it hopes all are alive , no official word
ended by armed soldiers in 16 hours with minimal loss in took 72 hours with dozens killed ! cc
at least 2 killed as police end sydney hostage siege
watch the hostage gunman situation in live . news as it happens
if any human rights activist tells me this man monis bloke shouldn't have been in jail , i'll punch them in the fucking face !!!
live feed from no retaliatory from no death at lindt cafe , no motif reported
mt police identify sydney terrorist as muslim refugee facing sexual assault charges
islam is not a religion of terrorists . criminals are the only ones responsible for their crimes , not islam .
ended by armed soldiers in 16 hours with minimal loss in took 72 hours with dozens killed ! cc
terror n terrorists need to be dealt with iron hand !!
watch the hostage gunman situation in live . news as it happens
man takes hostages at sydney chocolate factory
live feed from no retaliatory from no death at lindt cafe , no motif reported
civilized world will cry for 9 /10 attack , 26 /11 or 15 /12 uncivilized bastards will smile
islam is not a religion of terrorists . criminals are the only ones responsible for their crimes , not islam .
confirmed : 2 dead , including gunman and hostage-taker man monis .
terror n terrorists need to be dealt with iron hand !!
disgusted by that ungrateful that was granted asylum in he was a known loose character
man takes hostages at sydney chocolate factory
they didn't even tweet about what happened in sydney , their hometown , but promoted their ugly album instead
civilized world will cry for 9 /10 attack , 26 /11 or 15 /12 uncivilized bastards will smile
spam pasal sydney tu la
disgusted by that ungrateful that was granted asylum in he was a known loose character
captives may consider fighting back some hostages held in the sydney cafe may have had thoughts of attacking the
they didn't even tweet about what happened in sydney , their hometown , but promoted their ugly album instead
absolutely fucking horrible . why does everything happen before christmas ?
spam pasal sydney tu la
praying for support and strength to all the involved hostages and their families .
the fear those hostages must have had
finally it seems to be over as what i just heard in our radio .
captives may consider fighting back some hostages held in the sydney cafe may have had thoughts of attacking the
why do i get this irritation that muslims are always in some kind of war with the world (o_o) this sydney
absolutely fucking horrible . why does everything happen before christmas ?
i take a break from twitter for a day and this is what happens what the hell happened in sydney
praying for support and strength to all the involved hostages and their families .
should sleep , but i just want to know everyone is ok .
finally it seems to be over as what i just heard in our radio .
prior 2 sheik monis facing several sexual assault charges ,out on bail 4 accessory 2 murder
why do i get this irritation that muslims are always in some kind of war with the world (o_o) this sydney
at least one of the two dead in is understood to be a hostage . three serious in hospital . bomb disposal robot going into cafe
i take a break from twitter for a day and this is what happens what the hell happened in sydney
praise god the seize and holding of hostages in sydney australia is over regretfully a few lives were lost .
should sleep , but i just want to know everyone is ok .
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named [sale ]
prior 2 sheik monis facing several sexual assault charges ,out on bail 4 accessory 2 murder
i hope everyone in sydney gets out safe . hopefully they do
at least one of the two dead in is understood to be a hostage . three serious in hospital . bomb disposal robot going into cafe
mostly what we see on the news is hatred anger . that's not what i see in my daily life in sydney . i see cooperation , truly .
praise god the seize and holding of hostages in sydney australia is over regretfully a few lives were lost .
glad to hear that has finally reached its logical end . heart goes out to the victims . time to wake up to the monster .
security forces storm sydney hostage siege cafe , gunman named [sale ]
has anyone got new info of the shooter in america ? it was happening during - 5 dead in 3 different locations . suspect : veteran .
glad to hear that has finally reached its logical end . heart goes out to the victims . time to wake up to the monster .
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege : usa today a tense , 16 -hour australian hostage standoff ended w
has anyone got new info of the shooter in america ? it was happening during - 5 dead in 3 different locations . suspect : veteran .
australia commandos end sydney cafe siege --you give a guy political asylum and that's how he repays you .
never give up , for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn .#sydney
tune into coverage via android app - includes australia's radio national
australia commandos end sydney cafe siege --you give a guy political asylum and that's how he repays you .
been following since it began . holy fucking shit .
adaderana : sydney siege - two dead , three seriously injured as police storm cafe : ada derana
remember when no talks peace and blames others the they worship is from down below .
tune into coverage via android app - includes australia's radio national
i find it interesting that as i'm listening to coverage in australia , two people were killed but we only hear about the life of the gunman ??
reports claim gunman is one of the two people believed to be dead !
we are celebrating is over as 1 of the hostages was indian . crores of indians hostages to religious bigotry ! !
been following since it began . holy fucking shit .
kudos for your non stop coverage of sydney hostage crises under , now how about covering 8 yr long crippling ?
remember when no talks peace and blames others the they worship is from down below .
yeah duhh but i'mma pray for sydney
we are celebrating is over as 1 of the hostages was indian . crores of indians hostages to religious bigotry ! !
dramatic end to stand off as police storm cafe as . police have stormed a cafe in central sydney where a
kudos for your non stop coverage of sydney hostage crises under , now how about covering 8 yr long crippling ?
gunman was in court last week re murder of ex wife , earlier in yr in court re several sexual assaults , involved in murders overseas
yeah duhh but i'mma pray for sydney
3 . what was d name of d locality at the city center where the cafe was taken over by the gunman ?
confirmed : two dead in including the gunman .
watching a shocking news report about the siege in sydney ! absolutely awful !
dramatic end to stand off as police storm cafe as . police have stormed a cafe in central sydney where a
why is it that white folks are only ones not bothered when one of their own goes loca ? why should any be perturbed ?
gunman was in court last week re murder of ex wife , earlier in yr in court re several sexual assaults , involved in murders overseas
sydney - gunman among two killed as sydney cafe siege ends : sky news
3 . what was d name of d locality at the city center where the cafe was taken over by the gunman ?
my heart goes out to the suffering in sydney . :(
watching a shocking news report about the siege in sydney ! absolutely awful !
it's bollocks , the people that have paid no attention to the today will be the ones who complain if other countries
why is it that white folks are only ones not bothered when one of their own goes loca ? why should any be perturbed ?
will i'm right where is my apology for what your muslim brothers did today to all the people in . you pos .
sydney - gunman among two killed as sydney cafe siege ends : sky news
actually it's closer to 6 am . and i'm watching the news . you know actual criminals exist .
my heart goes out to the suffering in sydney . :(
i want to express my sincere sympathy ;i also want to see cnn news title to be cafe seige over : terrorism or cry of desperation ?
it's bollocks , the people that have paid no attention to the today will be the ones who complain if other countries
: hunt continues for gunman wanted for multiple shootings in at least 5 dead .
will i'm right where is my apology for what your muslim brothers did today to all the people in . you pos .
if someone's in australia and watching the news , please keep me posted ?
actually it's closer to 6 am . and i'm watching the news . you know actual criminals exist .
'sheikh' man haron monis - the name of the hostage taker in
i want to express my sincere sympathy ;i also want to see cnn news title to be cafe seige over : terrorism or cry of desperation ?
i see a news alert on my phone from cnn about a gunman in philly that killed 5 people . i find a tv and tune in
: hunt continues for gunman wanted for multiple shootings in at least 5 dead .
solidarity with muslims shown with in wake of sydney siege : (greg wood /getty)
if someone's in australia and watching the news , please keep me posted ?
i have a feeling this may b the hostage that was killed . i didn't see her exit the building or via ambo .
'sheikh' man haron monis - the name of the hostage taker in
palestinian children being terrorized by israeli forces today .
i see a news alert on my phone from cnn about a gunman in philly that killed 5 people . i find a tv and tune in
bad news whats happened in sydney
solidarity with muslims shown with in wake of sydney siege : (greg wood /getty)
all over . reportedly 2 dead (ie gunman and 1 hostage )..fucking hell
i have a feeling this may b the hostage that was killed . i didn't see her exit the building or via ambo .
so sad that the gunman in the took an innocent life out with him
palestinian children being terrorized by israeli forces today .
police storm sydney cafe where islamic state-sympathizer held hostages ; 2 killed pray for innocent !
bad news whats happened in sydney
muslims are praying for the nice people in sydney ! take care and much love from muslims every where !
all over . reportedly 2 dead (ie gunman and 1 hostage )..fucking hell
two dead after police storm sydney cafe thoughts with hostages family rip
so sad that the gunman in the took an innocent life out with him
the people of sydney are beautiful ! coming together to protect one another before anything worse can happen .
police storm sydney cafe where islamic state-sympathizer held hostages ; 2 killed pray for innocent !
also thinking about sydney and all those suffering at the hands of extremists around the world ;but remember extremists are not the majority
muslims are praying for the nice people in sydney ! take care and much love from muslims every where !
msm /sickular/aapcon strategy-incite muslims /christians with fake propaganda /initiate violence blame namo-nation b damned !
two dead after police storm sydney cafe thoughts with hostages family rip
really ashamed of the extreme backlash the sydney cops exhibited towards that muslim hostage taker .
the people of sydney are beautiful ! coming together to protect one another before anything worse can happen .
possible deaths casualties 5 people so far have fled sydney cafe . unknown number of hostages still inside
also thinking about sydney and all those suffering at the hands of extremists around the world ;but remember extremists are not the majority
the sydney siege is so awful , those poor people being held for 16 hours
msm /sickular/aapcon strategy-incite muslims /christians with fake propaganda /initiate violence blame namo-nation b damned !
current news reader on 24 *7 using word dramatic for footage please no it's anything but dramatic
really ashamed of the extreme backlash the sydney cops exhibited towards that muslim hostage taker .
when will we see the light ? how was this man given bail whilst facing serious charges ? - heads must role
possible deaths casualties 5 people so far have fled sydney cafe . unknown number of hostages still inside
i work in sydney city . this lady comes into the store when we have been told to close and evacuate today . she '
the sydney siege is so awful , those poor people being held for 16 hours
in sydney completed a special operation to free hostages
current news reader on 24 *7 using word dramatic for footage please no it's anything but dramatic
do you know the history behind the 'black flags of jihad '? - via
when will we see the light ? how was this man given bail whilst facing serious charges ? - heads must role
looks like maybe one innocent person was killed . i hope people realize how difficult these tactical assaults are . condolences .#sydneysiege
i work in sydney city . this lady comes into the store when we have been told to close and evacuate today . she '
siege is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene
in sydney completed a special operation to free hostages
aussies setting an example for the rest of world !!! love and respect for them !!!
do you know the history behind the 'black flags of jihad '? - via
popovic proud of western sydney despite fifa club world cup defeat - boxscore
looks like maybe one innocent person was killed . i hope people realize how difficult these tactical assaults are . condolences .#sydneysiege
aussie may not have *caused* the , but i bet you'd never see this grill :
siege is over , say police , as hostages flee the scene
raw : police storm sydney cafe : via
aussies setting an example for the rest of world !!! love and respect for them !!!
how two women hostages escaped from gunman in lindt chocolate cafe : via
popovic proud of western sydney despite fifa club world cup defeat - boxscore
except the gunman . you can rot in hell
aussie may not have *caused* the , but i bet you'd never see this grill :
sydney hostage crisis ends after police raid cafe : police confirm multiple fatalities as questions surround su
how two women hostages escaped from gunman in lindt chocolate cafe : via
fuck . shocking scenes from sydney . feel awful for the innocent people caught up in that
except the gunman . you can rot in hell
i overheard katy perry was shopping in sydney when these happened . are you okay ?
sydney hostage crisis ends after police raid cafe : police confirm multiple fatalities as questions surround su
update to previous tweet - my tweet re : 2 deaths after reported by local media but no official confirmation yet .
just say'en , but this is how we go to the cafe in the us
glad to hear the is over but saddened to hear that at least one hostage has died . what a tragedy for sydney today
fuck . shocking scenes from sydney . feel awful for the innocent people caught up in that
crisis is finally over in sydney . hope life is back to normal tomorrow !!
i overheard katy perry was shopping in sydney when these happened . are you okay ?
why are bad things happening it's nearly christmas , i hope everybody in sydney are ok
update to previous tweet - my tweet re : 2 deaths after reported by local media but no official confirmation yet .
yo !!! thought about you this morning when i saw the sydney news , even though you're a burn city guy . stupid americans miss ya
glad to hear the is over but saddened to hear that at least one hostage has died . what a tragedy for sydney today
nope , i'm pretty sure that was precisely their intent :
crisis is finally over in sydney . hope life is back to normal tomorrow !!
cnn reporting two deathssydney siege : shots fired as hostages flee
why are bad things happening it's nearly christmas , i hope everybody in sydney are ok
video : heavily armed police storm a sydney cafe where hostages were being held : via
yo !!! thought about you this morning when i saw the sydney news , even though you're a burn city guy . stupid americans miss ya
yea , but they rides were free . they turned it on to get drivers on the road
nope , i'm pretty sure that was precisely their intent :
ap : hostages run toward armed tactical response police in sydney , australia : via
cnn reporting two deathssydney siege : shots fired as hostages flee
im glad that the siege in sydney is over . rip for the fellow australian that lost their lives .
video : heavily armed police storm a sydney cafe where hostages were being held : via
so much other nations and societies can learn from with the tag ? the power of humanity
yea , but they rides were free . they turned it on to get drivers on the road
its reported that two are dead from , hostage and gunman . the hostage was killed by gunman before police stormed cafe
ap : hostages run toward armed tactical response police in sydney , australia : via
thoughts go out to the hostage that sadly died by the hands of that monster . not bothered that he got punished in the same way
im glad that the siege in sydney is over . rip for the fellow australian that lost their lives .
is there a possibility of two more bombs in city ? was there confirmation of devices in cafe ?
so much other nations and societies can learn from with the tag ? the power of humanity
sydney siege : man behind the attack identified as man haron monis
its reported that two are dead from , hostage and gunman . the hostage was killed by gunman before police stormed cafe
happy that it's finally over but deeply saddened by it all . prayers go out to anyone affected .
thoughts go out to the hostage that sadly died by the hands of that monster . not bothered that he got punished in the same way
the white house has released a statement saying that the sydney shooter is now a shovel-ready job .
is there a possibility of two more bombs in city ? was there confirmation of devices in cafe ?
if you want to feel better about the universe , check out the tag . sydney , ya beauty .
sydney siege : man behind the attack identified as man haron monis
sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis : sydney , australia , dec 15
happy that it's finally over but deeply saddened by it all . prayers go out to anyone affected .
that in sydney is wank . poor bastards ! but thats islam for you
the white house has released a statement saying that the sydney shooter is now a shovel-ready job .
delighted the gunman is dead .sad about the hostage
if you want to feel better about the universe , check out the tag . sydney , ya beauty .
when will governments stop keeping refugees with serious criminal records in their countries ?! this isn't just an eu thing now
sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis : sydney , australia , dec 15
just found out the gunman got shot dead but one of the hostages got shot and died so upsetting
that in sydney is wank . poor bastards ! but thats islam for you
have literally been watching this unfold since 10 am it is 3 :40 am and i go to bed with all involved in my prayers
delighted the gunman is dead .sad about the hostage
delhi police beefs up security in capital in wake of sydney hostage crisis : this report is prepared by mixi ba
when will governments stop keeping refugees with serious criminal records in their countries ?! this isn't just an eu thing now
anyone who hasn't read it or know anything about it
have literally been watching this unfold since 10 am it is 3 :40 am and i go to bed with all involved in my prayers
i think our government will learn a lesson from this to face such situations
delhi police beefs up security in capital in wake of sydney hostage crisis : this report is prepared by mixi ba
awful what's happening in sydney , what is wrong with the world
anyone who hasn't read it or know anything about it
and then there are things like and you feel like humanity isn't all that bad after all .
finally ends after 16 hrs with gunmen shot dead .no clear info on the hostage casualties .
app 2 people have been killed in the sydney siege ,rest in peace to those who were murdered and to those who are critical ill , i hope ur ok
i think our government will learn a lesson from this to face such situations
oh fuck , no way , fuck fuck fuck . no . people might have died ;_____;
awful what's happening in sydney , what is wrong with the world
siege is over finally . sympathy for families whose dear ones cld not make it to safety . speedy recovery for injured .
and then there are things like and you feel like humanity isn't all that bad after all .
: eastgunman holding hostages in sydney cafe demands isis flag : a gunman holding hostages in a sydn
app 2 people have been killed in the sydney siege ,rest in peace to those who were murdered and to those who are critical ill , i hope ur ok
so thankful for the safety of the surviving hostages so so sad for the one that didn't get out alive .
oh fuck , no way , fuck fuck fuck . no . people might have died ;_____;
eod police packing up equipment and removing heavy suits at lyndt cafe scene .
siege is over finally . sympathy for families whose dear ones cld not make it to safety . speedy recovery for injured .
**double flash giveaway ** i love christmas and i love sydney logan's stories so i'm giving away two copie
: eastgunman holding hostages in sydney cafe demands isis flag : a gunman holding hostages in a sydn
on another note glad to hear though that casualties have been kept to a minimum . praise to sydney police for their effort
so thankful for the safety of the surviving hostages so so sad for the one that didn't get out alive .
are people seriously bashing 5 sos for whatever tf is happening in sydney ? yall need to grow up and deactivate
eod police packing up equipment and removing heavy suits at lyndt cafe scene .
pg smlm , gunman msk dlm cafe , then customers smua held hostage utk 16 jam .dia demand ape xtau .then 2 jam lpas polis serbu masuk
**double flash giveaway ** i love christmas and i love sydney logan's stories so i'm giving away two copie
crazy man alex jones at infowars calls a operation in 32
on another note glad to hear though that casualties have been kept to a minimum . praise to sydney police for their effort
smart marketing ! today's special x-mass greetings from lindt sydney
are people seriously bashing 5 sos for whatever tf is happening in sydney ? yall need to grow up and deactivate
hostage crisis in over . thank god . great effort by the security services . the culprit deserve to die .
pg smlm , gunman msk dlm cafe , then customers smua held hostage utk 16 jam .dia demand ape xtau .then 2 jam lpas polis serbu masuk
[photo gallery ] sydney siege : uneasy ending
crazy man alex jones at infowars calls a operation in 32
police storm sydney cafe , ending hostage crisis -5 dead including terrorist
smart marketing ! today's special x-mass greetings from lindt sydney
my heart goes out to everyone effected by the senseless hostage standoff in sydney . praying that everything turns
hostage crisis in over . thank god . great effort by the security services . the culprit deserve to die .
instead they charged 4.0 x surge pricing . pathetic business practice .
[photo gallery ] sydney siege : uneasy ending
will be critical bcos when pple backlash agnst the women they do it agnst the suppressed
police storm sydney cafe , ending hostage crisis -5 dead including terrorist
who is sydney gunman man haron monis ? - portrait of the jihadist as a middle aged man .
my heart goes out to everyone effected by the senseless hostage standoff in sydney . praying that everything turns
raw video | raw : sydney siege ends in shootout after 16 hours .
instead they charged 4.0 x surge pricing . pathetic business practice .
what happened in sydney ? oh my gosh little mix
will be critical bcos when pple backlash agnst the women they do it agnst the suppressed
sydney crisis : infosys employee safely evacuated
who is sydney gunman man haron monis ? - portrait of the jihadist as a middle aged man .
it's time for to reexamine gun ban . law abiding citizens need to be able to defend themselves against psychos .
what happened in sydney ? oh my gosh little mix
video : a guardian journalist captured this scene of hostages fleeing the sydney cafe -
sydney crisis : infosys employee safely evacuated
there should be zero tolerance to terrorism .. no negotiation only bullets ..
it's time for to reexamine gun ban . law abiding citizens need to be able to defend themselves against psychos .
jihadist in sydney standoff id'd as iranian sex assault , murder suspect take the pc pajama boy pants off msm and report
so the siege is finally over after a 16 hour long siege
when we trivialize the issue of terror we kill the will to fight terror : nalin kohli , bjp
there should be zero tolerance to terrorism .. no negotiation only bullets ..
i am very excited to know what reza aslan and cj werleman think about what happened in sydney .
jihadist in sydney standoff id'd as iranian sex assault , murder suspect take the pc pajama boy pants off msm and report
it leaves a sick feeling in my stomach what has happened in sydney . genuinely aches my heart
when we trivialize the issue of terror we kill the will to fight terror : nalin kohli , bjp
australian police storm sydney cafe ending 16 -hour hostage crisis ; 2 reportedly killed it's over .
police storm sydney cafe , end hostage situation
is under considerable criticism after it (automatically) raises its prices in the area cc
i am very excited to know what reza aslan and cj werleman think about what happened in sydney .
thank you to the police officers and other emergency services for your hard work and bringing this fool to justice .
it leaves a sick feeling in my stomach what has happened in sydney . genuinely aches my heart
people wasting their energy getting mad at the people who took selfies during the . -_-
australian police storm sydney cafe ending 16 -hour hostage crisis ; 2 reportedly killed it's over .
the siege was for about 17 hours with the captor a self radicalised cleric using social media as a tool through his captives .
is under considerable criticism after it (automatically) raises its prices in the area cc
everyone has to be united in this fight against terrorism ; be it an american or australian or indian .
thank you to the police officers and other emergency services for your hard work and bringing this fool to justice .
and the kidnapping has just reached to an end in sydney . 2 dead people and some other wounded ones no way to
people wasting their energy getting mad at the people who took selfies during the . -_-
just to be clear on the sydney hostage situation
the siege was for about 17 hours with the captor a self radicalised cleric using social media as a tool through his captives .
im really scared about news years in sydney .
everyone has to be united in this fight against terrorism ; be it an american or australian or indian .
very sorry to hear about the hostage situation in sydney
and the kidnapping has just reached to an end in sydney . 2 dead people and some other wounded ones no way to
reports sydney siege gunman iranian cleric man haron monis killed
reports sydney siege gunman iranian cleric man haron monis killed
reporting two people dead in . australian tv channels refusing to confirm or even report these numbers .
oh , sydney . prayers goes out to the families of those who lost their lives unnecessarily and the wounded . peace be with us .
so how was a guy who put a hit on his ex-wife , who was stabbed and set afire , out on bail ?
interesting sights 1 /41. bomb disposal container being taken to city center 2 . sydney traffic webcams went down more
my heart and thoughts to the poor family of the one hostage who tragically lost their life today 3
why are all terrorists muslim ? sydney
sadness . rip to those who died . thanks to the courage of hostages and police .
reporting two people dead in . australian tv channels refusing to confirm or even report these numbers .
great news ..someone's 72 virgin dream comes true as aussie police hands him over his one way ticket to jannat
so how was a guy who put a hit on his ex-wife , who was stabbed and set afire , out on bail ?
2 dead 3 or 4 injured gunman apparently fired the first shot and killed a hostage
my heart and thoughts to the poor family of the one hostage who tragically lost their life today 3
new !!: how australian tv reported sydney siege
sadness . rip to those who died . thanks to the courage of hostages and police .
the australia sydney cafe terrorist attackthe tactics used to disarm the terrorist is super cool
great news ..someone's 72 virgin dream comes true as aussie police hands him over his one way ticket to jannat
some horrible examples of bad , distateful , and irresponsible business journalism decisions with this .
2 dead 3 or 4 injured gunman apparently fired the first shot and killed a hostage
police storm sydney cafe , free hostages , two dead : sydney , dec 15 (ians) a nearly 22 -hour hostage crisis in th
new !!: how australian tv reported sydney siege
when algorithms go wrong : gouges those trying 2 flee hostage crisis via
the australia sydney cafe terrorist attackthe tactics used to disarm the terrorist is super cool
casualty from taken to royal prince alfred hospital
some horrible examples of bad , distateful , and irresponsible business journalism decisions with this .
i feel so bad about what happened in sydney
police storm sydney cafe , free hostages , two dead : sydney , dec 15 (ians) a nearly 22 -hour hostage crisis in th
the sydney siege is over , no news on the fate of the gunman yet ?
when algorithms go wrong : gouges those trying 2 flee hostage crisis via
clearly /terrorism isn't all muslims , but until they address prevalent extremism in community it will be viewed as such by some .
casualty from taken to royal prince alfred hospital
string of crimes ,accessory to murdering his wife , political pandering , aust gov has blood on their hands
i feel so bad about what happened in sydney
breaking : sydney siege is 'over' after police storm lindt cafe , 5 injured
the sydney siege is over , no news on the fate of the gunman yet ?
thoughts go out to the family of the hostage that sadly lost their life
clearly /terrorism isn't all muslims , but until they address prevalent extremism in community it will be viewed as such by some .
this haronmonis person does not represent any religious groups . he is a barbaric , sexual predator who acts as athorn in society
string of crimes ,accessory to murdering his wife , political pandering , aust gov has blood on their hands
very sad about the outcome . my heart goes out to the family of the killed hostage
breaking : sydney siege is 'over' after police storm lindt cafe , 5 injured
glad is over . condolences to the family of the lost hostage . i hope it doesn't reflect badly against the innocent muslims
thoughts go out to the family of the hostage that sadly lost their life
my thoughts and prayer go out to the victims and those who are affected by . and wishing speedy recovery for people injured .
this haronmonis person does not represent any religious groups . he is a barbaric , sexual predator who acts as athorn in society
thoughts with the people of sydney and australia , some of the nicest people i've met and undeserving of this cowardly act
very sad about the outcome . my heart goes out to the family of the killed hostage
love watching an australian commando throw like a girl .
glad is over . condolences to the family of the lost hostage . i hope it doesn't reflect badly against the innocent muslims
australian media are reporting the hostage taker and one hostage have been killed
my thoughts and prayer go out to the victims and those who are affected by . and wishing speedy recovery for people injured .
also remember lone gunman walked up and murdered four police good guys with guns in lakewood , wa coffee shop
thoughts with the people of sydney and australia , some of the nicest people i've met and undeserving of this cowardly act
couldn't sleep so turned on - what a tragic end for someone innocent that simply wanted a coffee .
love watching an australian commando throw like a girl .
incredible !#illridewithyou: australians support muslim neighbors during sydney hostage crisis
also remember lone gunman walked up and murdered four police good guys with guns in lakewood , wa coffee shop
smooth move uber with surcharge fares in sydney while people are fleeing a hostage situation
couldn't sleep so turned on - what a tragic end for someone innocent that simply wanted a coffee .
gunman in self-styled sheik man monis on bail for accessory to murder n sent hate mail to troops
incredible !#illridewithyou: australians support muslim neighbors during sydney hostage crisis
thankful the is over . my thoughts prayers go out to those innocent people their families . rip to the hostage who died .
the and other agencies did an extraordinary job today as did the australian media overnight !
shots fired : at least two dead after police storm sydney cafe
smooth move uber with surcharge fares in sydney while people are fleeing a hostage situation
of course ; i tagged that tweet because i was making a commentary on the way people are talking about muslims .
gunman in self-styled sheik man monis on bail for accessory to murder n sent hate mail to troops
thanking god for keeping my son save in sydney .
thankful the is over . my thoughts prayers go out to those innocent people their families . rip to the hostage who died .
how long before the mongs are calling for an inquest into police brutality and excessive force ?#sydney
shots fired : at least two dead after police storm sydney cafe
awaiting a news conference . here's what we know so far :
of course ; i tagged that tweet because i was making a commentary on the way people are talking about muslims .
islamic fascist monis was grntd pol asylum in 96, was out on bail when he did this . why is this scum walking the earth ?
thanking god for keeping my son save in sydney .
the gunman seems to be perfect follower of islam with 7 rape chargesseveral other criminal cases including attempt to murder of his ex wife
how long before the mongs are calling for an inquest into police brutality and excessive force ?#sydney
creeps still look like creeps .
awaiting a news conference . here's what we know so far :
if someone with hostages (who's going 2 go 2 prison ) is trying to contact any media agent for 6 hours b4 talking to police
islamic fascist monis was grntd pol asylum in 96, was out on bail when he did this . why is this scum walking the earth ?
believed elements of the 2 nd australian commando regiment carried out the initial assault
the gunman seems to be perfect follower of islam with 7 rape chargesseveral other criminal cases including attempt to murder of his ex wife
1 terrorist dead . get ready for a liberal protest .
creeps still look like creeps .
cold how uber prices surged during the hostage situation in sydney . glad they fixed it though .
if someone with hostages (who's going 2 go 2 prison ) is trying to contact any media agent for 6 hours b4 talking to police
according to media outlets , the hostage situation in sydney is now over .
believed elements of the 2 nd australian commando regiment carried out the initial assault
it's a gr8 relief sydney hostage crisis is ovr n e'one is safe including 2 indians . kudos to security agenciesa real professional job .
1 terrorist dead . get ready for a liberal protest .
they did not willingly give up their guns , their parlament passed legislation requiring they give them up .
cold how uber prices surged during the hostage situation in sydney . glad they fixed it though .
impressed with the reaction in sydney , both in gesture and in how quickly it was embraced on social media .
according to media outlets , the hostage situation in sydney is now over .
news reports one hostage died ,several wounded in , 1 st shots fired by hostage taker who died during hostage rescue
it's a gr8 relief sydney hostage crisis is ovr n e'one is safe including 2 indians . kudos to security agenciesa real professional job .
why are people getting mad at 5 sos for not tweeting about the sydney siege ? there's nothing they can do , it's not their fault
they did not willingly give up their guns , their parlament passed legislation requiring they give them up .
powerful , compassionate , and inspirational : . thanks australia !
impressed with the reaction in sydney , both in gesture and in how quickly it was embraced on social media .
guys don't forget how lucky we are that 5 sos were not in sydney and that they are ok !!1!!1
news reports one hostage died ,several wounded in , 1 st shots fired by hostage taker who died during hostage rescue
the hostage taker cleric sheik man haron monis is said to be dead .
why are people getting mad at 5 sos for not tweeting about the sydney siege ? there's nothing they can do , it's not their fault
[sydney morng hrld ] contrite coles will pay $10m in penalties after mistreating suppliers
powerful , compassionate , and inspirational : . thanks australia !
journalist chris reason tweets sydney cafe hostage drama today . via
guys don't forget how lucky we are that 5 sos were not in sydney and that they are ok !!1!!1
: asking not to kill civilians in afghanistan does not make someone criminal .
the hostage taker cleric sheik man haron monis is said to be dead .
the guy was a fruitloop facing sex assault charges , accessory to murder of wife , etc . insanity , not religion .
[sydney morng hrld ] contrite coles will pay $10m in penalties after mistreating suppliers
i'm glad the sydney siege is over now . i wish those who were injured , swift recovery . let there be love
journalist chris reason tweets sydney cafe hostage drama today . via
the christmas spirit should last 365 days a year . one bad apple does not spoil the bushel .
: asking not to kill civilians in afghanistan does not make someone criminal .
space tribe live in sydney this friday
the guy was a fruitloop facing sex assault charges , accessory to murder of wife , etc . insanity , not religion .
good morning , our prayers are with those who were hurt in sydney . god bless .
i'm glad the sydney siege is over now . i wish those who were injured , swift recovery . let there be love
too many crazy people in the world . hope everything settles down in sydney
the christmas spirit should last 365 days a year . one bad apple does not spoil the bushel .
it is being reported that one hostage did die in the
space tribe live in sydney this friday
i am already saddened at the other casualty apart from the attacker in this . condolences to the family and kin
good morning , our prayers are with those who were hurt in sydney . god bless .
proud of the sydney officers *salutes* you guys saved many lives today and hats off to the guts of d hostage who escapes !!
too many crazy people in the world . hope everything settles down in sydney
two are dead one was man monis , the gunman /hostage taker , the other was a hostage , six were shot and 3 critically injured
it is being reported that one hostage did die in the
just when you despair of humanity , campaign is born and you remember there is more good than evil in the world
i am already saddened at the other casualty apart from the attacker in this . condolences to the family and kin
piel de gallina : australians use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during sydney siege
two are dead one was man monis , the gunman /hostage taker , the other was a hostage , six were shot and 3 critically injured
at least 2 reported dead in sydney cafe siege | national news - khbs home via
just when you despair of humanity , campaign is born and you remember there is more good than evil in the world
sydney police prepare for long siege hot on
piel de gallina : australians use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during sydney siege
incredibly sad for australia . everyone will wake up to horrific images .
at least 2 reported dead in sydney cafe siege | national news - khbs home via
my thoughts are with you . it's finally over .
sydney police prepare for long siege hot on
. incredibly touching to see such humanity in the wake of these horrific circumstances .
incredibly sad for australia . everyone will wake up to horrific images .
australia .news siege live : police storm lindt cafe after gunman identified as iranian - yahoo !7
multiple sydney media reports of two fatalities w /one supposed to be the hostage-taker . no official confirmation of injuries or fatalities .
: two people are dead , one believed to be gunman , after police stormed lind
my thoughts are with you . it's finally over .
is now over . hope the freed are alright after this harrowing experience . never again will cafe's be just that .
. incredibly touching to see such humanity in the wake of these horrific circumstances .
if you're just waking up , it's believed two people are dead - including the gunman - after a 16 hour siege in the heart of 1 /2
australia .news siege live : police storm lindt cafe after gunman identified as iranian - yahoo !7
not sure you'd call this gunman a terrorist , just a murderer and a criminal .
: two people are dead , one believed to be gunman , after police stormed lind
if you've ever moaned about hating monday morning , may i suggest you turn the news on now for a sense of perspective .
is now over . hope the freed are alright after this harrowing experience . never again will cafe's be just that .
tactical swat teams : some of the bravest dudes out there . so much respect . saved so many lives in sydney today .
not sure you'd call this gunman a terrorist , just a murderer and a criminal .
the sydney siege is over . we have the latest at five . also praise for sunderland police and a song promoting peace on the pitch .
if you've ever moaned about hating monday morning , may i suggest you turn the news on now for a sense of perspective .
2 dead including gunman naming shiekh man maroon . sad ending ..
tactical swat teams : some of the bravest dudes out there . so much respect . saved so many lives in sydney today .
there were 21 hostages in says tragically , one killed by gunman before police moved in .
: we believe gunman , man haron monis , is among two people dead after the 16
maybe they shouldnt have let out on bail for setting his ex wife on fire stabbing her to death ?
the sydney siege is over . we have the latest at five . also praise for sunderland police and a song promoting peace on the pitch .
one of the best ways to overcome extremism as well as hatred is 4 us all 2 ride wth each other
2 dead including gunman naming shiekh man maroon . sad ending ..
allahu akbar . haron monis , the sydney hostage taker is on the way to hell .
there were 21 hostages in says tragically , one killed by gunman before police moved in .
why was this man out on bail after having a long criminal history
maybe they shouldnt have let out on bail for setting his ex wife on fire stabbing her to death ?
sydney episode teaches how to deal with such situations .hat's off to the sydney govt .authorities.
one of the best ways to overcome extremism as well as hatred is 4 us all 2 ride wth each other
okay , the gunman has been confirmed dead . killed by nsw police .
allahu akbar . haron monis , the sydney hostage taker is on the way to hell .
live : coverage of from cbs news /abc news australia -
why was this man out on bail after having a long criminal history
update :australian commandos have stormed a cafe in sydney , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an
sydney episode teaches how to deal with such situations .hat's off to the sydney govt .authorities.
rip to the hostage that has died in the so sad
okay , the gunman has been confirmed dead . killed by nsw police .
the hostage situation in sydney sounds scary for sure . but i have to imagine that if it didn't have to do with islam we wouldn't know abt it
live : coverage of from cbs news /abc news australia -
i can't watch any more . it hurts too much to watch . thoughts and love go to everyone involved , except the gunman : i hope he rots in hell .
update :australian commandos have stormed a cafe in sydney , ending a siege by a gunman identified as an
i heard about sydney its sad that there a people like this in this world
rip to the hostage that has died in the so sad
update : police confirm 3 people escape sydney cafe , unknown number remain inside is how it puts lives
the hostage situation in sydney sounds scary for sure . but i have to imagine that if it didn't have to do with islam we wouldn't know abt it
multiple pics of through lindt window taken via tv camera early on . not sure why sniper didn't ping him then
i can't watch any more . it hurts too much to watch . thoughts and love go to everyone involved , except the gunman : i hope he rots in hell .
there are some fucked up people out there . how can you joke about a situation like this ? it's disrespectful and disgusting .
i heard about sydney its sad that there a people like this in this world
last tweet was self promotion . there's a joke in there somewhere .
update : police confirm 3 people escape sydney cafe , unknown number remain inside is how it puts lives
at its 16 th hour the sydney seige has ended . never stop hoping and praying for peace .
multiple pics of through lindt window taken via tv camera early on . not sure why sniper didn't ping him then
why is this man not in gaol ? are the judiciary mad ? there are going to have to be a lot of questions asked about this .
there are some fucked up people out there . how can you joke about a situation like this ? it's disrespectful and disgusting .
u2 mysterious ways live from zoo tv sydney quek !
last tweet was self promotion . there's a joke in there somewhere .
this is such a sad day for australia and of course the world . words can't express how heavy my heart is .
at its 16 th hour the sydney seige has ended . never stop hoping and praying for peace .
it's a shame about the hostage but on the plus side that's one less fanatic to worry about
why is this man not in gaol ? are the judiciary mad ? there are going to have to be a lot of questions asked about this .
forensic psychology lecturer amy grubb on the dangers of careless social media use in hostage situations like sydney .
u2 mysterious ways live from zoo tv sydney quek !
oppinkpower : 'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis '
this is such a sad day for australia and of course the world . words can't express how heavy my heart is .
watching the police go in firing was so confronting . this doesn't happen here . it shouldn't .
it's a shame about the hostage but on the plus side that's one less fanatic to worry about
sydney hostage taker profile from bbc
forensic psychology lecturer amy grubb on the dangers of careless social media use in hostage situations like sydney .
thankfully its over . wish everyone involved a lot of strength and courage .
oppinkpower : 'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis '
such a dumb human to have 7 of your hostages escape
watching the police go in firing was so confronting . this doesn't happen here . it shouldn't .
death was too nice an outcome for the prick .
sydney hostage taker profile from bbc
thoughts go out to everyone involved in the sydney siege . police assaulted the building in the last hour or so .
thankfully its over . wish everyone involved a lot of strength and courage .
going to bed to hold my loved one .. both glad that i can and sad that tonight , some can't
such a dumb human to have 7 of your hostages escape
oh f-ing hell i have to call friends in sydney . it is such a beautiful city .
death was too nice an outcome for the prick .
msm beloved terms : radical , lone wolf , and gunman
going to bed to hold my loved one .. both glad that i can and sad that tonight , some can't
sydney siege over after police raid
oh f-ing hell i have to call friends in sydney . it is such a beautiful city .
gunman dead along with one hostage a few others injured
msm beloved terms : radical , lone wolf , and gunman
indian news channels seriously sucks ..fake breaking news continues
the sydney siege was horrible to watch live
reports have said that someone has died in the :( apparently the gunman killed the person , how sad
sydney siege over after police raid
i wish i could temporarily freeze all tweets from hockey related accounts because i do not give a shit . hello , terrorist attack in sydney !
gunman dead along with one hostage a few others injured
would turn the into a pro-gun rally . the nra would be proud
indian news channels seriously sucks ..fake breaking news continues
what the hell just happened in sydney do they know exactly what went down yet bc it just sounds like just bits and pieces to me
reports have said that someone has died in the :( apparently the gunman killed the person , how sad
i can't believe an innocent australian hostage has lost their life in this senseless act
i wish i could temporarily freeze all tweets from hockey related accounts because i do not give a shit . hello , terrorist attack in sydney !
can't believe a man was killed in the sydney siege , another man who was on bail commits something terrible !
would turn the into a pro-gun rally . the nra would be proud
looks like australia needs to review their bail policies -
what the hell just happened in sydney do they know exactly what went down yet bc it just sounds like just bits and pieces to me
sydney is the best example of why the 2 nd a is precious to our freedom ! one legally armed citizen could have made a difference .
i can't believe an innocent australian hostage has lost their life in this senseless act
gunman among two killed as sydney cafe siege ends
can't believe a man was killed in the sydney siege , another man who was on bail commits something terrible !
happy to see sydney friends making sure to separate being a fundamentalist criminal with being a muslim
looks like australia needs to review their bail policies -
demba ba wait you liverpool :)wait us liverpool cause this time we come to you rock and shred :))
sydney is the best example of why the 2 nd a is precious to our freedom ! one legally armed citizen could have made a difference .
all reports are still unconfirmed .nothing has been released officially yet , press conference by nsw to follow shortly ..
gunman among two killed as sydney cafe siege ends
talk about a captive audience uber backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
happy to see sydney friends making sure to separate being a fundamentalist criminal with being a muslim
both indian hostages are rescued safe . aap lost an opportunity to blast bjp .
demba ba wait you liverpool :)wait us liverpool cause this time we come to you rock and shred :))
gunman behind sydney hostage crisis haron monis killed as ends
all reports are still unconfirmed .nothing has been released officially yet , press conference by nsw to follow shortly ..
which means the gunman must have been heavily armed .
talk about a captive audience uber backtracks after jacking up prices during sydney hostage crisis
it's come out that 1 hostage has been killed , awful news !
both indian hostages are rescued safe . aap lost an opportunity to blast bjp .
for media purposes : not all australian special forces soldiers are sas . 2 nd commando regiment has a counterterrorist team in sydney .
which means the gunman must have been heavily armed .
fbi hrt is among the best in the world for advising and assisting during these situations .
it's come out that 1 hostage has been killed , awful news !
blabber .condescending.hat too after i exposed your dishonest religion to the core .and i don't know myself ?lame!#sydneysiege
for media purposes : not all australian special forces soldiers are sas . 2 nd commando regiment has a counterterrorist team in sydney .
rip to the hostage who lost their life prayers go out .. thank god it's over
why isn't haron monis in prison for killing his ex-wife ? instead he's in sydney holding ppl hostage !
sydney perp's pti's mind set is same .
fbi hrt is among the best in the world for advising and assisting during these situations .
thoughts with the famlily , friends loved ones of the innocent person who lost their life at the .
blabber .condescending.hat too after i exposed your dishonest religion to the core .and i don't know myself ?lame!#sydneysiege
police say sydney cafe hostage situation over , no word on gunman yet
rip to the hostage who lost their life prayers go out .. thank god it's over
glad that the cafe is cleared .. deep condolences to the affected families .
sydney perp's pti's mind set is same .
political correctness . aust gov has blood on their hands
thoughts with the famlily , friends loved ones of the innocent person who lost their life at the .
r .i.p to the hostage that got killed in the sydney siege
glad that the cafe is cleared .. deep condolences to the affected families .
'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis ' -- puppet masters --
political correctness . aust gov has blood on their hands
is over . two dead , including the gunman .
it's over now , gunman and one more dead . :/
siege ends ; this criminal actions by 'lone wolfs ' in west is exactly what is is calling for ..
'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis ' -- puppet masters --
sydney are pissed off and worried about this but i dont give a fuck with the things that happend where i live and i stay here 24 /7-
is over . two dead , including the gunman .
rip to the hostage in sydney x x x
the sydney siege has ended . the chilling episode will reignite and intensify debate in australia over religion ,
it's over now mate . gunman and one hostage are confirmed dead .
siege ends ; this criminal actions by 'lone wolfs ' in west is exactly what is is calling for ..
if this happen in india our media will bark 24 x7 non sense
sydney are pissed off and worried about this but i dont give a fuck with the things that happend where i live and i stay here 24 /7-
breaking : channel 7 is reporting that two people are dead , including the gunman , breaking : channel 7 is
it's over now mate . gunman and one hostage are confirmed dead .
in my very own country , didn't think something like this would ever happen
if this happen in india our media will bark 24 x7 non sense
oh yesislam is a peaceful religion that condones the stoning of people for leaving their faith or committing adultery .
breaking : channel 7 is reporting that two people are dead , including the gunman , breaking : channel 7 is
.: breaking news : sydney hostage has ended as police
still sending prayers to those in sydney .i can't even begin to imagine the horror they endured .
interesting . australian news call him a 'bloke' , 'gunman' and 'hostage taker ' . none of them use the word 'terrorist'.
in my very own country , didn't think something like this would ever happen
is there not some other news out there instead of gone on an on with this gunman crap don't give him coverage
oh yesislam is a peaceful religion that condones the stoning of people for leaving their faith or committing adultery .
islamic terrorist killed --hostages rescued in cafe , central sydney
interesting . australian news call him a 'bloke' , 'gunman' and 'hostage taker ' . none of them use the word 'terrorist'.
sydney siege : what we know about alleged hostage-taker man haron monis via
is there not some other news out there instead of gone on an on with this gunman crap don't give him coverage
heard about the hostage situation in sydney and almost cried . i'm praying for everyone there . i pray god keep his loving hand on you all .
islamic terrorist killed --hostages rescued in cafe , central sydney
ppl taking selfies at australian hostage taking . shocking ! not one of them was a kardashian ! -
bbc news showing hostage rescue tactics in .makes our job more dangerous r always counter training !
one hostage died , lets hope this is not the start of something worse
sydney siege : what we know about alleged hostage-taker man haron monis via
thoughts and prayers to the city of . my wonderful city of canada knows your pain . much love to those
heard about the hostage situation in sydney and almost cried . i'm praying for everyone there . i pray god keep his loving hand on you all .
my faith in humanity being tested , thoughts and prayers to those affected in
ppl taking selfies at australian hostage taking . shocking ! not one of them was a kardashian ! -
goodnight love u all stay safe , im praying for and sending my love to all those affected in sydney
one hostage died , lets hope this is not the start of something worse
i cant believe what happened in sydney . praying for everyone 3
thoughts and prayers to the city of . my wonderful city of canada knows your pain . much love to those
: reports 2 dead , others in serious condition after hostage situation at syndey cafe .
my faith in humanity being tested , thoughts and prayers to those affected in
gunfire erupts in pennsylvania ; 5 dead ; gunman barricaded in home
goodnight love u all stay safe , im praying for and sending my love to all those affected in sydney
australian police is communal ..they killed a secular man--indian media
i cant believe what happened in sydney . praying for everyone 3
police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed latest from raw story
gunfire erupts in pennsylvania ; 5 dead ; gunman barricaded in home
every nation should learn from australians on this especially campaign . sad one hostage died .
australian police is communal ..they killed a secular man--indian media
hey humans don't forget - an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind make good choices in the coming days xxx
police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed latest from raw story
the fact people have lost a loved one before christmas in such a way is so heartbreaking
sydney hostage situation over as police enter cafe
now that the murderous is over , the world (#un?) can get back to vilifying evil for causing all the trouble everywhere .
every nation should learn from australians on this especially campaign . sad one hostage died .
sydney police storm cafe , end standoff
hey humans don't forget - an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind make good choices in the coming days xxx
so relieved to see the sydney hostage crisis has ended . still praying for peace for all those who were affected :
the fact people have lost a loved one before christmas in such a way is so heartbreaking
: two dead , one believed to be gunman man haron monis in .
now that the murderous is over , the world (#un?) can get back to vilifying evil for causing all the trouble everywhere .
people taking selfies outside the hostage incident in sydney ? society is so fucked .
sydney police storm cafe , end standoff
thank god it's over , let's just hope nothing like this ever happens again !
: two dead , one believed to be gunman man haron monis in .
all these people saying their thoughts are with those in sydney .. half my fucking family is in that city ! stop being pathetic and help !
people taking selfies outside the hostage incident in sydney ? society is so fucked .
report on : gunman and one other person killed in siege .
thank god it's over , let's just hope nothing like this ever happens again !
congrats to the forces that stormer and killed the cafe terrorist . never give in to and never negotiate
the hostage taker in sydney should have been locked up long ago ,history of serious violence , it's tragic what has happened to hostages
i can't begin to imagine what the victims are going through , i'm praying they're okay . thankyou to the boys and girls in blue .
all these people saying their thoughts are with those in sydney .. half my fucking family is in that city ! stop being pathetic and help !
my thoughts are with the person who was murdered and the 3 people who are currently in a serious condition .
report on : gunman and one other person killed in siege .
graphic images further down in link
congrats to the forces that stormer and killed the cafe terrorist . never give in to and never negotiate
seems that at least one hostage is dead . rip . australia was always such a peaceful country .
i can't begin to imagine what the victims are going through , i'm praying they're okay . thankyou to the boys and girls in blue .
my heart and prayers are with the hostage who died in this horrid terrorist attack .
my thoughts are with the person who was murdered and the 3 people who are currently in a serious condition .
after backlash . hand was caught in the cookie jar and they had no choice . effect wasn't the same .
graphic images further down in link
heart warming as fuuuuuu !!! god help sydney
seems that at least one hostage is dead . rip . australia was always such a peaceful country .
two fatalities . one of them is the gunman . police confirmed no officers were injured or killed .
my heart and prayers are with the hostage who died in this horrid terrorist attack .
the hastag really makes me happy .
after backlash . hand was caught in the cookie jar and they had no choice . effect wasn't the same .
may allah (swt) deliver the hostages in sydney unharmed .
heart warming as fuuuuuu !!! god help sydney
glad people are sydney are showing solidarity with other muslims there . i would join the campaign if i were there .
two fatalities . one of them is the gunman . police confirmed no officers were injured or killed .
dear australians , just advising you to control the spread of islam before its late or else u will face the same prob as india
the hastag really makes me happy .
islamophobia ? why call people with different belief infidels / kufr , why cant most muslims respect other faith ? why ? live
may allah (swt) deliver the hostages in sydney unharmed .
the gunman better of died in an immense amount of pain
glad people are sydney are showing solidarity with other muslims there . i would join the campaign if i were there .
there are people been killed on the name of religion by maniacs and here we are trying to reach the stars .
dear australians , just advising you to control the spread of islam before its late or else u will face the same prob as india
sydney siege : two feared dead as police storm coffee shop - herald .ie
islamophobia ? why call people with different belief infidels / kufr , why cant most muslims respect other faith ? why ? live
sydney siege 'over' after police storm lindt cafe , 5 injured
the gunman better of died in an immense amount of pain
while we were occupied with rejoiced 2 indians ' safe being ,1 indian killed in manipur in a blast .
there are people been killed on the name of religion by maniacs and here we are trying to reach the stars .
rip to the hostage that has sadly lost their lives :(
sydney siege : two feared dead as police storm coffee shop - herald .ie
interesting people want to stake some claim in it . thank god such such is safe who was nowhere near it at all !
sydney siege 'over' after police storm lindt cafe , 5 injured
with an open southern border , it's very possible for an islamic hostage situation to happen here in america also .
while we were occupied with rejoiced 2 indians ' safe being ,1 indian killed in manipur in a blast .
thank god it's over . my heart goes out to all people involved and thank you for keeping sydney safe
rip to the hostage that has sadly lost their lives :(
i'm truly inspired by the sydney response : . love of life and others conquers all
interesting people want to stake some claim in it . thank god such such is safe who was nowhere near it at all !
wonder how many drivers are in sydney . uber said they lost 100 s of thousands in nyc during sandy
with an open southern border , it's very possible for an islamic hostage situation to happen here in america also .
i pray for any innocent killed in sydney . as for the terrorist , i hope his 72 dildos have started .
thank god it's over . my heart goes out to all people involved and thank you for keeping sydney safe
gunfire erupts , hostages run for lives as police storm sydney siege - yahoo new zealand
i'm truly inspired by the sydney response : . love of life and others conquers all
sydney siege spurs to show solidarity with muslims : aileen graefsydney , dec . 15 (upi) --
wonder how many drivers are in sydney . uber said they lost 100 s of thousands in nyc during sandy
i'm being told that the hostage was killed by the gunman and not as a part of the rescue op .
i pray for any innocent killed in sydney . as for the terrorist , i hope his 72 dildos have started .
relief that the sydney siege is over but sad that an innocent life is taken . prey for them
gunfire erupts , hostages run for lives as police storm sydney siege - yahoo new zealand
very scary scenes happening outside my window right now , thinking of the people who lost their lives and injured
sydney siege spurs to show solidarity with muslims : aileen graefsydney , dec . 15 (upi) --
sydney siege suspect was accused of sexual assaults : the gunman thought to be behind a
i'm being told that the hostage was killed by the gunman and not as a part of the rescue op .
sydney siege spurs to show solidarity with muslims : aileen graefsydney , dec . 15 (upi) -- australians have taken to tw
relief that the sydney siege is over but sad that an innocent life is taken . prey for them
hostage killed :( whatever hell that idiot thinks he is going to i hope the pain is eternal
very scary scenes happening outside my window right now , thinking of the people who lost their lives and injured
without sounding crass ,intl press are thinking (a) shootings happen in the us often ,(b) sydney has an islam angle
sydney siege suspect was accused of sexual assaults : the gunman thought to be behind a
2 people dead , one believed to be the gunman . so sad that a hostage has died too . at least it's over .#sydneysiege
sydney siege spurs to show solidarity with muslims : aileen graefsydney , dec . 15 (upi) -- australians have taken to tw
!! sydney siege suspect was accused of sexual assaults : the gunman thought to be behin via
hostage killed :( whatever hell that idiot thinks he is going to i hope the pain is eternal
briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during hostage situation
without sounding crass ,intl press are thinking (a) shootings happen in the us often ,(b) sydney has an islam angle
sydney siege suspect was accused of sexual assaults : the gunman thought to be behind a 16 -hour host
2 people dead , one believed to be the gunman . so sad that a hostage has died too . at least it's over .#sydneysiege
no shots taken as 1 . unable to 2 . building was an old bank impenetrable the police did their job . more guns wouldn't help
!! sydney siege suspect was accused of sexual assaults : the gunman thought to be behin via
saddened to hear that a hostage has died in the standoff .
briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during hostage situation
this is what i like to hear !bbc news - australia commandos end sydney cafe siege
sydney siege suspect was accused of sexual assaults : the gunman thought to be behind a 16 -hour host
i'm so shocked to hear what happened in sydney , hopefully all the people involved are safe now
no shots taken as 1 . unable to 2 . building was an old bank impenetrable the police did their job . more guns wouldn't help
glad to hear that is over , but saddened to hear that 2 people have died . my thoughts and prayers are with them and their family
saddened to hear that a hostage has died in the standoff .
yes i been watching it nice 9 o'clock , at 2 o clock things got so intense ): apparently 2 are dead and one of them is the gunman
i'm so shocked to hear what happened in sydney , hopefully all the people involved are safe now
mt sydney terrorist identified as muslim man accused of sexual assaults , murder of ex-wife
glad to hear that is over , but saddened to hear that 2 people have died . my thoughts and prayers are with them and their family
now there has been shootings in the that may be terrorist related . crazy
sydney shows off when daddy does class with her .
not believing rumours on casualties /deaths from media . still waiting for police confirmation
mt sydney terrorist identified as muslim man accused of sexual assaults , murder of ex-wife
sad to hear about this happening in sydney . hope all are safe .
now there has been shootings in the that may be terrorist related . crazy
things like what's happened in sydney scare me so much , it could happen to anyone
over with 2 people reported dead and 3 hospitalized
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours ; gunman identified
not believing rumours on casualties /deaths from media . still waiting for police confirmation
at least 2 reported dead in sydney cafe siege
sad to hear about this happening in sydney . hope all are safe .
feels odd to look outside my window and see normality considering events that have occurred .
things like what's happened in sydney scare me so much , it could happen to anyone
subhanallah . the hashtag coming out of the sydney crisis just brought me to literal tears .
police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours ; gunman identified
heart-wrenching news that ceases comprehension , always .
at least 2 reported dead in sydney cafe siege
amid concerns people wearing islamic dress could be harassed , sydney locals use twitter to offer to travel with them -
feels odd to look outside my window and see normality considering events that have occurred .
gunman killed . that is good . wastage of money and time in the name of judicial trial avoided .
subhanallah . the hashtag coming out of the sydney crisis just brought me to literal tears .
the siege at australia chocolate cafe is over - gunman dead , several injured -
heart-wrenching news that ceases comprehension , always .
police storm sydney cafe : 2 or more dead , some injured , heavy gunfight
amid concerns people wearing islamic dress could be harassed , sydney locals use twitter to offer to travel with them -
enjoying the wild speculation and inaccurate reporting after the end of the sydney siege . makes it much more sexy .
gunman killed . that is good . wastage of money and time in the name of judicial trial avoided .
so sad , heart goes out to everyone who was affected
the siege at australia chocolate cafe is over - gunman dead , several injured -
bigg boss 8 monday nomination special full episode online here -
police storm sydney cafe : 2 or more dead , some injured , heavy gunfight
two died one of which was the gunman
enjoying the wild speculation and inaccurate reporting after the end of the sydney siege . makes it much more sexy .
i appreciate that the is serious news , ; but is there really nothing happening elsewhere in the world ??
so sad , heart goes out to everyone who was affected
well done nsw authorities it could have been worse . rip to the hostage my prays to the family .
bigg boss 8 monday nomination special full episode online here -
gunman doesn't represent islam . represents our broken legal system failure to punish violence against women
two died one of which was the gunman
sydney hostage crisis : hostages share gunman's demands in chilling phone calls : hadley did not put the hostage
i appreciate that the is serious news , ; but is there really nothing happening elsewhere in the world ??
thanks for the 7 :45a report on the . never info when i want it in . i can always count on your team :)
well done nsw authorities it could have been worse . rip to the hostage my prays to the family .
gunman behind sydney hostage crisis haron monis killed as sydney siege ends
gunman doesn't represent islam . represents our broken legal system failure to punish violence against women
breaking news : at least 2 reported dead in sydney cafe siege :
sydney hostage crisis : hostages share gunman's demands in chilling phone calls : hadley did not put the hostage
must thank the almighty for safety of both indian hostages . good to know the pm was monitoring the situation .
thanks for the 7 :45a report on the . never info when i want it in . i can always count on your team :)
thanks friend , a pleasure to meet you !
gunman behind sydney hostage crisis haron monis killed as sydney siege ends
bombs and bullets don't care if you are a hindu or christian or a muslim . terrorism has no religion .
breaking news : at least 2 reported dead in sydney cafe siege :
my prayers are with the people in the cafe sydney
thanks friend , a pleasure to meet you !
tragedy in . sharing the pain . speedy recovery to those injured
bombs and bullets don't care if you are a hindu or christian or a muslim . terrorism has no religion .
bystanders at sydney hostage site turn crisis into selfie-opand now they're getting blasted for it
my prayers are with the people in the cafe sydney
so glad the sydney siege is resolved and the hostages out . also i don't travel in sydney tomorrow but to support community !
unfortunate ending to the all my thoughts are with the hostages and their families
ny city mayor bill de blasio says police are increasing security at australian government spots in new york city after cafe siege in sydney
tragedy in . sharing the pain . speedy recovery to those injured
hostage killed by gunman , police had to move , no choice .great job by nsw police .
bystanders at sydney hostage site turn crisis into selfie-opand now they're getting blasted for it
after ,,india needs pota like stronganti-terror law !!
so glad the sydney siege is resolved and the hostages out . also i don't travel in sydney tomorrow but to support community !
seeing martin place at like 9 am compared to now , it is literally night and day .
ny city mayor bill de blasio says police are increasing security at australian government spots in new york city after cafe siege in sydney
so , has come an end . i love you . .
hostage killed by gunman , police had to move , no choice .great job by nsw police .
the nutter in the is so mad i doubt of even isis would want him .
after ,,india needs pota like stronganti-terror law !!
sad to hear about the innocent casualties in
seeing martin place at like 9 am compared to now , it is literally night and day .
sydney siege - two dead , three seriously injured as police storm cafe : a woman runs towards a police officer o
so , has come an end . i love you . .
its sad how no ones really giving a damn on what happend in sydney but are spamming , voting , and talking about livesos
the nutter in the is so mad i doubt of even isis would want him .
thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in the and their families
sad to hear about the innocent casualties in
- an incredibly positive response to the - i'm proud of my family , friends and the people of
sydney siege - two dead , three seriously injured as police storm cafe : a woman runs towards a police officer o
reporting gunman among two killed as ends - still unconfirmed
its sad how no ones really giving a damn on what happend in sydney but are spamming , voting , and talking about livesos
so sad about the hostage , the gunman deserves to rot !!
thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in the and their families
one desi guy gets in a hostage situation in sydney minister of external affairs tweets about his safety .bus
- an incredibly positive response to the - i'm proud of my family , friends and the people of
over . sad for the deadinjured . siege of bjp on ,alng w foulmouthed yar n hi kafi
reporting gunman among two killed as ends - still unconfirmed
i can't believe what's happening in sydney , what a madness
so sad about the hostage , the gunman deserves to rot !!
who will be cause of ? , videogames , islam , patriarchy , illegal immigrants , alkaid , w bush , obama ?
one desi guy gets in a hostage situation in sydney minister of external affairs tweets about his safety .bus
my condolences to all australians for dramatic end of
over . sad for the deadinjured . siege of bjp on ,alng w foulmouthed yar n hi kafi
just over whelmed with the conclusion of the sydney siege . but i'm alright .
who will be cause of ? , videogames , islam , patriarchy , illegal immigrants , alkaid , w bush , obama ?
astonishing is how easy the fanatics are given visas that are v .difficult to ordinary youth and students
my condolences to all australians for dramatic end of
sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : sydney morning heraldsydney siege ends as police raid cafecnnsydn
just over whelmed with the conclusion of the sydney siege . but i'm alright .
thank god over after more than 16 hours hope all hostages r safe police did outstanding job congrats 2 the ppl of sydney
let's stop picking on about the sydney surge pricing ? can we entertain the thought that automated systems might be responsible ?
r video : the moment police storm cafe at centre of
astonishing is how easy the fanatics are given visas that are v .difficult to ordinary youth and students
call it what it is !! islamic (converted to sunni ) muslim terrorist !! man haron from iran . stop the bull shit gunman !
thank god over after more than 16 hours hope all hostages r safe police did outstanding job congrats 2 the ppl of sydney
islam never called for what those sick minded terrorists claim .that's how they kill muslims
r video : the moment police storm cafe at centre of
my thoughts and prayers go out to all in sydney . having loved ones out there is very frightening !
call it what it is !! islamic (converted to sunni ) muslim terrorist !! man haron from iran . stop the bull shit gunman !
australian pm speaks on sydney cafe siege
this sydney siege isn't all about 5 sos you know . there are other people more important than them
he was out on bail (?) after murdering his wife .apparently. give me strength
islam never called for what those sick minded terrorists claim .that's how they kill muslims
rest in peace to the hostage that lost their lives in the 17 hour siege .
my thoughts and prayers go out to all in sydney . having loved ones out there is very frightening !
why would anyone ever take people hostage ?!? what good can ever come out it for them ? terrible that an innocent person is dead
australian pm speaks on sydney cafe siege
hope none of the hostages got hurt . what a nightmare
he was out on bail (?) after murdering his wife .apparently. give me strength
monis was using islam to cover his own negative impulses . tragic scenes .
rest in peace to the hostage that lost their lives in the 17 hour siege .
juat read what happened in sydney .. my thoughts prayers are with all of those hostages . this is a filthy world
why would anyone ever take people hostage ?!? what good can ever come out it for them ? terrible that an innocent person is dead
law abiding americans don't kill people with their guns until threatened . criminals don't abide by the law .
hope none of the hostages got hurt . what a nightmare
bomb disposal robot still inside lindt cafe in sydney . the crime scene still in lockdown . the scene won't be declared safe till it emerges .
monis was using islam to cover his own negative impulses . tragic scenes .
the liberal lessons of sydney : more gun control , less intelligence against jihadi assholes , and treat them nice when captured .
juat read what happened in sydney .. my thoughts prayers are with all of those hostages . this is a filthy world
from looking through tweets and website , gunman appears to be a convert from shia islam to (a very warped version of ) sunni islam
law abiding americans don't kill people with their guns until threatened . criminals don't abide by the law .
you guys have done an amazing job in the past 18 hours . the whole nation is so thankful !!
bomb disposal robot still inside lindt cafe in sydney . the crime scene still in lockdown . the scene won't be declared safe till it emerges .
uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during hostage situationmore :
the liberal lessons of sydney : more gun control , less intelligence against jihadi assholes , and treat them nice when captured .
- gunman among two killed as sydneysiege ends
from looking through tweets and website , gunman appears to be a convert from shia islam to (a very warped version of ) sunni islam
just in , our hostage taker in australia claims to be a convert to salafism , this seems unlikely , but we'll see .
you guys have done an amazing job in the past 18 hours . the whole nation is so thankful !!
after the events in sydney today i whole heartedly believe the government needs to bring back capital punishment im sorry
uber briefly enabled surge pricing in sydney during hostage situationmore :
incredible bravery from the tactical assault group in ending the . tragic that a hostage has died .
- gunman among two killed as sydneysiege ends
siege is over . 2 dead , one apparently the gunman . some are injured as well . detecting for bombs now .
just in , our hostage taker in australia claims to be a convert to salafism , this seems unlikely , but we'll see .
watching that one hostage has been killed in the , heartbreaking news for that family . may the person .
after the events in sydney today i whole heartedly believe the government needs to bring back capital punishment im sorry
sadly would hardly change the hearts of the indoctrinated jihadis ..#sydneysiege
incredible bravery from the tactical assault group in ending the . tragic that a hostage has died .
police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed : police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had taken hostage
siege is over . 2 dead , one apparently the gunman . some are injured as well . detecting for bombs now .
unbelievable scenes in sydney . thoughts with people affected
watching that one hostage has been killed in the , heartbreaking news for that family . may the person .
cnn reports social media has changed the way we look at terrorist
sadly would hardly change the hearts of the indoctrinated jihadis ..#sydneysiege
we strongly condemn such senseless acts . ourthoughts and prayers are with the sydney cafehostages and their families .
police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed : police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had taken hostage
im glad you're having fun promoting your album while sydney goes through hell lol quite disappointed right now
unbelievable scenes in sydney . thoughts with people affected
irrelevant if gunman's motivation was political . why shd we make decisions based on what makes some muslims mad (mo cartoon , booze , bacon )?
cnn reports social media has changed the way we look at terrorist
hi enough w the sydney story . we want to see
we strongly condemn such senseless acts . ourthoughts and prayers are with the sydney cafehostages and their families .
you know that some random is getting volunteered for the challenge over this .
im glad you're having fun promoting your album while sydney goes through hell lol quite disappointed right now
don't understand how someone like that could even get bail ? makes you wonder what actually gets you sent down
irrelevant if gunman's motivation was political . why shd we make decisions based on what makes some muslims mad (mo cartoon , booze , bacon )?
what the police have done today is so inspirational .
you know that some random is getting volunteered for the challenge over this .
more : sydney hostage taker among 2 dead after police stormed the cafe .
don't understand how someone like that could even get bail ? makes you wonder what actually gets you sent down
terrorist was a spiritual member of , thoroughly brainwashed in their death cult ideology -
what the police have done today is so inspirational .
reports have emerged that one hostage has died along with the gunman during the
police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed : police stormed the sydney cafe where a gunman had tak
ma'mm , thanks for being in touch with sydney officials till the hydrama turned to a safe return of hostages incl our indian .
terrorist was a spiritual member of , thoroughly brainwashed in their death cult ideology -
so the sydney siege is thankfully over and i am very happy now
reports have emerged that one hostage has died along with the gunman during the
anyone get the feeling we are in a religious war being fought by only one side ?
ma'mm , thanks for being in touch with sydney officials till the hydrama turned to a safe return of hostages incl our indian .
the intersectionality of radicalism and sectarianism : sheikh mon haron , an iranian , requested an flag
police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed via
so sad if the reports of a hostage being killed are true
anyone get the feeling we are in a religious war being fought by only one side ?
arnab goswami declares hindutva fringe feeds islamic terror-arnab do u mean likesof isis or gunmen ?heights of pseudosecualrism !
the intersectionality of radicalism and sectarianism : sheikh mon haron , an iranian , requested an flag
crime went up ove 40 % when they gave up their guns . gun control does not work and is not an option !
so sad if the reports of a hostage being killed are true
not just every immigration minister , every single leftist who enables this scum in our countries . now
sydney siege ends with two reported dead , gunman identified as iranian (video) via
i think the whole is thing is only getting worser , and this was only the beginning
arnab goswami declares hindutva fringe feeds islamic terror-arnab do u mean likesof isis or gunmen ?heights of pseudosecualrism !
i just watched the cops storm the lindt cafe with flash grenades and gunfire
crime went up ove 40 % when they gave up their guns . gun control does not work and is not an option !
sydney incident la one infy guy was hostage da
not just every immigration minister , every single leftist who enables this scum in our countries . now
monis was never going to get out of this alive . shame he had to take someone else with him , the daft , attention-seeking loon .
i think the whole is thing is only getting worser , and this was only the beginning
happy to hear the sydney siege is over and praying for those involved 3
i just watched the cops storm the lindt cafe with flash grenades and gunfire
ubr turnd on surge pricin 4 people fleein hostage scene
sydney incident la one infy guy was hostage da
tragic end to the nightmare . thoughts and prayers go out to the injured and the innocent life that has been lost
monis was never going to get out of this alive . shame he had to take someone else with him , the daft , attention-seeking loon .
uber sydney hostage crisis - another bad public relations move , then a fix : uber seems not to be able to get
happy to hear the sydney siege is over and praying for those involved 3
i hope everyone in sydney is satying safe
ubr turnd on surge pricin 4 people fleein hostage scene
prayers for the victims of sydney siege . and huge thumbs up to the police for a job well done
tragic end to the nightmare . thoughts and prayers go out to the injured and the innocent life that has been lost
'ammunition', 'stretchers', 'gunshots' 'stun' are now trending in
uber sydney hostage crisis - another bad public relations move , then a fix : uber seems not to be able to get
whoa , that other angle of the raid . that door got destroyed .
i hope everyone in sydney is satying safe
but gun control saves lives in every location where criminals willingly follow laws .
prayers for the victims of sydney siege . and huge thumbs up to the police for a job well done
san jose mercury : police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
'ammunition', 'stretchers', 'gunshots' 'stun' are now trending in
take sydney australia out of your bio ! your home town was just under attack and you were promoting your album !
whoa , that other angle of the raid . that door got destroyed .
nope . radical . same as hamas , hezbollah , . world now knows
but gun control saves lives in every location where criminals willingly follow laws .
warms my heart to follow - well done - love from amsterdam
san jose mercury : police storm sydney cafe where hostages held
al qaeda in australia : america's terrorist mercenaries wreck havoc in sydney
take sydney australia out of your bio ! your home town was just under attack and you were promoting your album !
ohhhhso wish non of the hostages had to die and that the gunman was caught alive to be punished
nope . radical . same as hamas , hezbollah , . world now knows
thoughts go out to all the hostages and to the one who sadly lost there life . so sad
warms my heart to follow - well done - love from amsterdam
sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis : sydney , australia , dec 15, 2014 / 08 :01 am ( cna /e
al qaeda in australia : america's terrorist mercenaries wreck havoc in sydney
powerful , heart warming , beautiful , well done sydney . we are the world
ohhhhso wish non of the hostages had to die and that the gunman was caught alive to be punished
r basically , was not a terror strike . he was a frustrated man who just happened to be a muslim . lets be truthful .
thoughts go out to all the hostages and to the one who sadly lost there life . so sad
sydney siege : muslim cleric man haron monis named as hostage taker : a man accused of holding up to 15 people h ..
sydney archbishop calls for prayers amid hostage crisis : sydney , australia , dec 15, 2014 / 08 :01 am ( cna /e
omggg wtf apparently the guy who was the gunman is openly doing interviews
r basically , was not a terror strike . he was a frustrated man who just happened to be a muslim . lets be truthful .
at least 2 reported dead in sydney cafe siege via
sydney siege : muslim cleric man haron monis named as hostage taker : a man accused of holding up to 15 people h ..
sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : siege ends as
omggg wtf apparently the guy who was the gunman is openly doing interviews
time for sickular media , muslim apologists , pseudo liberals leftanatics to unite and rise in defence of sydney hostage taker .
but i want to know of all places why sydney ??
respect to the dapper older gent hostage earlier in the day who snuck past terrorist opened automatic doors - footage now up
sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : siege ends as
it oblivious that most reporters don't know the difference of gunfire flasbangs
time for sickular media , muslim apologists , pseudo liberals leftanatics to unite and rise in defence of sydney hostage taker .
as soon as a figure over 1 was announced your heart just drops .
respect to the dapper older gent hostage earlier in the day who snuck past terrorist opened automatic doors - footage now up
people in sydney : protect your muslim sisters , they shouldnt take their hijabs off and give into islamophobia . be humane
it oblivious that most reporters don't know the difference of gunfire flasbangs
sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : siege en
as soon as a figure over 1 was announced your heart just drops .
yare sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : siege ends as police rai yare
people in sydney : protect your muslim sisters , they shouldnt take their hijabs off and give into islamophobia . be humane
go that is the way to handle it . thougts go out to the victims family .
police storm cafe ; crisis ends : police say a hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily arme
so glad is over , but thinking of those who've gone through the ordeal , and the loved ones of the hostage who apparently died .
sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : siege en
thank god !! gunman behind sydney hostage crisis haron monis killed as ends
go that is the way to handle it . thougts go out to the victims family .
just realised the street that the lindt cafe is on is the same street as the place i stayed in sydney in 2001 . kind of surreal .
so glad is over , but thinking of those who've gone through the ordeal , and the loved ones of the hostage who apparently died .
we at media piggy would like to extend our heartfelt condolences to those hurt and scared today in the .
thank god !! gunman behind sydney hostage crisis haron monis killed as ends
oh come on !!sydney will be the same , it has to be .we can't change the way we live because a bunch of lunatics don't like us !
sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : siege ends as police raid cafecnns
2 ppl dead , 3 ppl injured in hostage situation in sydney ! looks like it was a shootout !
just realised the street that the lindt cafe is on is the same street as the place i stayed in sydney in 2001 . kind of surreal .
ny , boston , london , bali , madrid , toulouse , beslan , : it's pretty clear jihadists don't only want an in the mideast ..
we at media piggy would like to extend our heartfelt condolences to those hurt and scared today in the .
followme - sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : followme -
oh come on !!sydney will be the same , it has to be .we can't change the way we live because a bunch of lunatics don't like us !
you just don't know what life can throw at you rip the hostage
2 ppl dead , 3 ppl injured in hostage situation in sydney ! looks like it was a shootout !
news link : link to the cricbuzz app :
ny , boston , london , bali , madrid , toulouse , beslan , : it's pretty clear jihadists don't only want an in the mideast ..
it is finally over ! my heart goes out to anyone affected ..
you just don't know what life can throw at you rip the hostage
confirmed ! terrorist haroon munis killed during the operation at lindt cafe
news link : link to the cricbuzz app :
just woke up and herd the news at 3 am
it is finally over ! my heart goes out to anyone affected ..
forces 18 months ago held an anti terror exercise in martin place , site of the
sydney cafe siege over after raid
accurate news takes time to gather . authorities first need to ensure safety , and alert victims ' families , too .
confirmed ! terrorist haroon munis killed during the operation at lindt cafe
the situation in sydney is beyond scary and could very easily happen here in the us - be careful and alert everyone !
just woke up and herd the news at 3 am
kathmandupost : hostage-taker in sydney cafe siege is iranian refugee named haron monis : reuters
forces 18 months ago held an anti terror exercise in martin place , site of the
kathmandupost : breaking : police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours .
accurate news takes time to gather . authorities first need to ensure safety , and alert victims ' families , too .
we have so many shootings and hostage situations in the us that i'm flabbergasted at the over coverage of what's going on in sydney .
the situation in sydney is beyond scary and could very easily happen here in the us - be careful and alert everyone !
religion is about love and tolerance not hate . how and when did things get so twisted .
kathmandupost : breaking : police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours .
is over harun reported in firefight .two australian channel claims died and three are seriously injuredc 7
we have so many shootings and hostage situations in the us that i'm flabbergasted at the over coverage of what's going on in sydney .
i pray for all the people stuck in the lindt cafe in sydney . hope everything gets better soon !!
religion is about love and tolerance not hate . how and when did things get so twisted .
jrridinger : my heart goes out to everyone effected by the senseless hostage standoff in sydney . praying that everything turns
is over harun reported in firefight .two australian channel claims died and three are seriously injuredc 7
they will soon be revealed . uploading images like that can very easily backfire , and i think it will backfire on them .
i pray for all the people stuck in the lindt cafe in sydney . hope everything gets better soon !!
it scares me so much that i have a half brother who works in a little cafe in sydney , and it could've so easily been him in there
jrridinger : my heart goes out to everyone effected by the senseless hostage standoff in sydney . praying that everything turns
hostage-taker man haron monis was killed in the . yes ! he'll be joining moby dick , nimo and bin ladden out at sea
there have still been no confirmed deaths in sydney , please avoid tweeting until there's confirmation .
aussies did an excellent job . next time however wherever take the hostage-taker out at first opportunity .
they will soon be revealed . uploading images like that can very easily backfire , and i think it will backfire on them .
thanks for your report on how the gunman in the used social media
it scares me so much that i have a half brother who works in a little cafe in sydney , and it could've so easily been him in there
as i read about the gunman in the , i can't help but think this guy needed psychiatric help years ago .
hostage-taker man haron monis was killed in the . yes ! he'll be joining moby dick , nimo and bin ladden out at sea
australia's 9 news reporting that two have been killed in believed to be the gunman .
aussies did an excellent job . next time however wherever take the hostage-taker out at first opportunity .
2 killed . one hostage and the gunman . thoughts with the hostages family .
thanks for your report on how the gunman in the used social media
au gun laws did nothing to stop sydney terrorist from getting a gun and taking hostages . 2 dead
as i read about the gunman in the , i can't help but think this guy needed psychiatric help years ago .
hope everyone in sydney is safe and that all your friends and family are safe too .
australia's 9 news reporting that two have been killed in believed to be the gunman .
lol mt admire how the aus police have dealt with so far . patience . comm . no bullets fired . us police - take note .
2 killed . one hostage and the gunman . thoughts with the hostages family .
just because 5 sos haven't tweeted about sydney doesn't mean they don't care smh
au gun laws did nothing to stop sydney terrorist from getting a gun and taking hostages . 2 dead
sydney siege update : police end hostage crisis in cafe : a group of armed officers stormed the building and , ac
hope everyone in sydney is safe and that all your friends and family are safe too .
dear how about you stop showing pictures of the faces of terrified hostages from sydney ?
lol mt admire how the aus police have dealt with so far . patience . comm . no bullets fired . us police - take note .
man responsible for taking australian hostages is iranian mystic , not isis or al-nusra
just because 5 sos haven't tweeted about sydney doesn't mean they don't care smh
in such bleak times , hashtag like gives hope .respect sidney .#sydneysiege
dear how about you stop showing pictures of the faces of terrified hostages from sydney ?
breaking news sydney siege , two killed in sydney , one believed to be gunman , and (one of the hostage's so sad ),
man responsible for taking australian hostages is iranian mystic , not isis or al-nusra
cnn talking about how now plays a role in terrorism training , changing dynamic of hostage situations .
in such bleak times , hashtag like gives hope .respect sidney .#sydneysiege
alleged sydney gunman man haron monis has history of criminal charges : source : - monday ,
breaking news sydney siege , two killed in sydney , one believed to be gunman , and (one of the hostage's so sad ),
waterboarding is illegal . thankfully , leadboarding-dripping lead on a terrorist at 2,000 fps-is not .
cnn talking about how now plays a role in terrorism training , changing dynamic of hostage situations .
australia forces 18 months ago held an anti terror exercise in martin place , site of the
hostage taker among two dead in sydney cafe siege : media .#sydneyhostagecrisis
and the fact they're from sydney and they didn't say a thing yet people from bands in like america etc still said stay safe
waterboarding is illegal . thankfully , leadboarding-dripping lead on a terrorist at 2,000 fps-is not .
good to hear that the hostage situation on sydney is over
australia forces 18 months ago held an anti terror exercise in martin place , site of the
r infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from cafe
video : gunfire and explosions as authorities storm sydney gunman : source : - monday , dece
this has to be the weirdest thing i've ever witnessed
and the fact they're from sydney and they didn't say a thing yet people from bands in like america etc still said stay safe
tactical police used at least 2 clips from m41 a riffles that is not precise .. 60 rounds ..not as neglectful as judge bail ????
r infosys employee amongst the hostages freed from cafe
big relief b4 sleep .2 indian hostages are free n f9 .#sydneysiege may god bless humans n humanity .
this has to be the weirdest thing i've ever witnessed
has an american alliance become a liability for foreign allies ?
tactical police used at least 2 clips from m41 a riffles that is not precise .. 60 rounds ..not as neglectful as judge bail ????
live video : update : ' siege ends gunman identified as iranian born on bail for violent crimes ' -
sydney hostage situation ends ; at least 2 people dead , 3 in serious condition
and his wife along with rabhessh kumar are mourning the secular man's death
big relief b4 sleep .2 indian hostages are free n f9 .#sydneysiege may god bless humans n humanity .
sydney siege update : police end hostage crisis in cafe
has an american alliance become a liability for foreign allies ?
i've been reading about what's going on in sydney and it disgusts me when i read comments that people are making about muslims
live video : update : ' siege ends gunman identified as iranian born on bail for violent crimes ' -
assholes . uber turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene
and his wife along with rabhessh kumar are mourning the secular man's death
at least 2 reported dead as police storm sydney cafe . one may be hostage taker .
sydney siege update : police end hostage crisis in cafe
i had visited the in such a beautiful place . the culprit who did this deserved to die !
i've been reading about what's going on in sydney and it disgusts me when i read comments that people are making about muslims
don't give me this condescending blabber ,after i've exposed your dishonest religion naked .go home cry baby .#sydneysiege
assholes . uber turned on surge pricing for people fleeing sydney hostage scene
tt south africa 18 :441.#sydneysiege2.#ucldraw3.monaco4.#lastdance5.proudly south african 6 .rolene strauss 7 .south africa 8 .#effassembly
at least 2 reported dead as police storm sydney cafe . one may be hostage taker .
sydney cafe muslim siege ends in rain of gunfire , police confirm via
i had visited the in such a beautiful place . the culprit who did this deserved to die !
all my friends australians and brits are safe in sydney ! some scary shit !
don't give me this condescending blabber ,after i've exposed your dishonest religion naked .go home cry baby .#sydneysiege
fox news it is called terrorism not activity that happened in sydney australia . yes terrorism is already in the united states
tt south africa 18 :441.#sydneysiege2.#ucldraw3.monaco4.#lastdance5.proudly south african 6 .rolene strauss 7 .south africa 8 .#effassembly
so encouraged to see the brotherhood of humanity in spite of the horrific situation in sydney .
sydney cafe muslim siege ends in rain of gunfire , police confirm via
finally the trauma ended for the hostages in sydney .
all my friends australians and brits are safe in sydney ! some scary shit !
how to be a complete idiot : take a w /police during crisis post . i hate this people
fox news it is called terrorism not activity that happened in sydney australia . yes terrorism is already in the united states
mr vans : sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : siege ends as police r rt
so encouraged to see the brotherhood of humanity in spite of the horrific situation in sydney .
australia may be smaller than most countries but that only brings us closer
finally the trauma ended for the hostages in sydney .
an assessment of held in sydney cafe , forced to hold islamic flag in window
how to be a complete idiot : take a w /police during crisis post . i hate this people
wait ! you're telling me a criminal who shouldn't have a gun was able to get a gun ?#guncontrol
mr vans : sydney siege ends as police raid cafe - cnn : siege ends as police r rt
it 's just a cafe ? school boy shooting in us school why you didn't report it as newyork siege or philadhelphia siege
australia may be smaller than most countries but that only brings us closer
the aussi fools who are trending will repent when face more religious terrorism in coming days .
an assessment of held in sydney cafe , forced to hold islamic flag in window
rnsh confirms they are treating a woman in her 40 s is in a serious , but stable condition with a gunshot wound to her leg
wait ! you're telling me a criminal who shouldn't have a gun was able to get a gun ?#guncontrol
what's the latest in philadelphia ? that seems worthy of more attention than sydney now .
it 's just a cafe ? school boy shooting in us school why you didn't report it as newyork siege or philadhelphia siege
how the fuck was this piece of human excrement ever let out on bail . nsw bail laws are a joke .
the aussi fools who are trending will repent when face more religious terrorism in coming days .
so i imagine our dickead pms popularity is about to rise due to the murdoch force-fed plebs drinking their terrorist koolaid
rnsh confirms they are treating a woman in her 40 s is in a serious , but stable condition with a gunshot wound to her leg
this fellow explains the daily telegraph's idiocy so brilliantly :
what's the latest in philadelphia ? that seems worthy of more attention than sydney now .
stunning video showing explosions , gunfire : the moment police stormed the sydney cafe where hostages are being held
how the fuck was this piece of human excrement ever let out on bail . nsw bail laws are a joke .
seriously can't sleep until the casualties are confirmed . please no deaths .
so i imagine our dickead pms popularity is about to rise due to the murdoch force-fed plebs drinking their terrorist koolaid
just another case where a person convicted on multiple cases let off on bail created havoc and disaster .
this fellow explains the daily telegraph's idiocy so brilliantly :
r breaking : the is over , say police
stunning video showing explosions , gunfire : the moment police stormed the sydney cafe where hostages are being held
uber's surge-pricing capitalized on the in another pr nightmare . via
seriously can't sleep until the casualties are confirmed . please no deaths .
breaking : what we know about sydney terror suspect sheikh man haron monis , an islamic cleric
just another case where a person convicted on multiple cases let off on bail created havoc and disaster .
we pray for the victims and the rescue teams involved in the
r breaking : the is over , say police
even sadder not one of the takers has tweeted a apologyjust shows zero respect
uber's surge-pricing capitalized on the in another pr nightmare . via
oh crap just some jaded fellow calling attention to himself
breaking : what we know about sydney terror suspect sheikh man haron monis , an islamic cleric
people of sydney are the noble souls trying to veer away from the vicious cycle of islamophobia . a terrorist has no god .
we pray for the victims and the rescue teams involved in the
so glad is over . my heart goes out to all involved . police , emergency services all who helped .
even sadder not one of the takers has tweeted a apologyjust shows zero respect
this one gunman shouldn't (again) be equated to one entire religion . had this been in the us , some people would say otherwise
oh crap just some jaded fellow calling attention to himself
an anti-islamophobia campaign goes viral on social media via the hashtag
people of sydney are the noble souls trying to veer away from the vicious cycle of islamophobia . a terrorist has no god .
police storm sydney cafe , free hostages , two dead : the fate of hostage-taker -- iran-born cleric man haron mon
so glad is over . my heart goes out to all involved . police , emergency services all who helped .
updated : two people believed dead following the assault , including the gunman
this one gunman shouldn't (again) be equated to one entire religion . had this been in the us , some people would say otherwise
if all that has gone down in sydney tonight has triggered u ur alarmed or feeling uneasy , u can call lifeline for crisis support -13 11 14
an anti-islamophobia campaign goes viral on social media via the hashtag
and then some journo in sydney calls susannah carr rebecca . repeatedly . she's only been at 7 for nearly 30 years .
updated : two people believed dead following the assault , including the gunman
ok but where's the discrimination ? this hashtag was trending worldwide before the gunman had even killed the hostage .
if all that has gone down in sydney tonight has triggered u ur alarmed or feeling uneasy , u can call lifeline for crisis support -13 11 14
amidst today's tragedy in sydney , australians responding to islamaphobia with campaign is inspiring
and then some journo in sydney calls susannah carr rebecca . repeatedly . she's only been at 7 for nearly 30 years .
oh no :( reports have emerged that one hostage has died along with the gunman during the
easy_branches : police say sydney via easy_branches
oh lord hear our grief a nation mourns the pointless and preventable death of an innocent victim to terror r i p
ok but where's the discrimination ? this hashtag was trending worldwide before the gunman had even killed the hostage .
over as police storm lindt cafe . 2 dead . winter weather returns to the east coast ?
amidst today's tragedy in sydney , australians responding to islamaphobia with campaign is inspiring
just bc 5 sos havent posted stuff at sydney doesnt mean they dont care
oh no :( reports have emerged that one hostage has died along with the gunman during the
siege ends as police raid cafe
oh lord hear our grief a nation mourns the pointless and preventable death of an innocent victim to terror r i p
basically gunman holding people hostage for half a day , killed 2, some escapes , ordered to talk to pm
over as police storm lindt cafe . 2 dead . winter weather returns to the east coast ?
wierd ! strtd wid calling spades spades and then it turned into bjp bashing . do v not know whc party stds for wht ?
just bc 5 sos havent posted stuff at sydney doesnt mean they dont care
i guess in the end ppl escaping did put the others at risk ! hoping that there is only 1 casualty besides the gunman as reported and no more !
siege ends as police raid cafe
i know we australians are strong but i don't know how we can get over this :(
basically gunman holding people hostage for half a day , killed 2, some escapes , ordered to talk to pm
very frightening because it can happen here ; only a matter of timelindt cafe gunman's identity revealed
wierd ! strtd wid calling spades spades and then it turned into bjp bashing . do v not know whc party stds for wht ?
iranian shi cleric without is flag and a file full of murder and sexual assault , seems weird
i guess in the end ppl escaping did put the others at risk ! hoping that there is only 1 casualty besides the gunman as reported and no more !
what is this world coming to ? why can't we just all live together and be happy ? life is too short and valuable to jeopardise it
i know we australians are strong but i don't know how we can get over this :(
thinking of the poor people in sydney at the moment bloody idiotic weirdos in this world
very frightening because it can happen here ; only a matter of timelindt cafe gunman's identity revealed
proud to be from a country that made something as heartwarming as evolve from a tragedy like
iranian shi cleric without is flag and a file full of murder and sexual assault , seems weird
anyone know what that short burst of gunfire or explosion was a couple of minutes after the cops stormed the place ?
what is this world coming to ? why can't we just all live together and be happy ? life is too short and valuable to jeopardise it
well done to police with gunman behind sydney hostage crisis haron monis killed as ends .
thinking of the poor people in sydney at the moment bloody idiotic weirdos in this world
breaking : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours - houston chronicle
proud to be from a country that made something as heartwarming as evolve from a tragedy like
my heart hurts for those affected by the . so unfair and selfish .
anyone know what that short burst of gunfire or explosion was a couple of minutes after the cops stormed the place ?
reports that the two dead from the are the gunman himself a hostage . says the hostage was killed by the gunman
breaking : police end sydney hostage siege after 16 hours - houston chronicle
terrorist so out of it that believed charlie rose sympathizied with /
reports that the two dead from the are the gunman himself a hostage . says the hostage was killed by the gunman
police storm sydney cafe where islamic state-sympathizer held hostages ; 2 killed
rip ! those 2 dead in sydney hostage crisis ..
new york city's mayor says police are increasing security at australian government spots in new york city after syd cafe siege .
terrorist so out of it that believed charlie rose sympathizied with /
well done sydney on here . not 1 of you raved or ranted . leave that stuff to someone else . good common sense .
heart being pulled back home
| gunman sheikh monis killed as police raid
police storm sydney cafe where islamic state-sympathizer held hostages ; 2 killed
still can't believe this has happened , terrible !
new york city's mayor says police are increasing security at australian government spots in new york city after syd cafe siege .
i hope everyone in sydney is safe . my prayers are with you x
well done sydney on here . not 1 of you raved or ranted . leave that stuff to someone else . good common sense .
my thoughts are with those in sydney . crazy i was there just a month ago how things can change instantly . hoping safety is restored soon .
| gunman sheikh monis killed as police raid
sad about glad it's over
still can't believe this has happened , terrible !
sydney siege ended . ,the man at the centre of the siege has been named as man haron monis
i hope everyone in sydney is safe . my prayers are with you x
5 people have escaped from sydney hostage situation , still more being held inside - tactical units have stormed the
my thoughts are with those in sydney . crazy i was there just a month ago how things can change instantly . hoping safety is restored soon .
sydney siege : australia's radicalised muslims in 90 seconds
sad about glad it's over
icymi : dramatic video shows final few minutes of the standoff
sydney siege ended . ,the man at the centre of the siege has been named as man haron monis
just hearing on that attempted to do 'surge pricing ' during the the last 12 hours !woof!
5 people have escaped from sydney hostage situation , still more being held inside - tactical units have stormed the
prayers goes to the hostage killed , this is unpleasant for sure and to bigotry all over the world
sydney siege : australia's radicalised muslims in 90 seconds
how was he still walking the streets ?! his past is sickening .. what's going to be done to stop this happening again and again ?
icymi : dramatic video shows final few minutes of the standoff
via police storm sydney cafe , more hostages freed |
just hearing on that attempted to do 'surge pricing ' during the the last 12 hours !woof!
outrage as bystanders take selfies at sydney siegewtf is wrong with people ?
prayers goes to the hostage killed , this is unpleasant for sure and to bigotry all over the world
a man did a terrible thing in sydney . not a religion . not an ethnicity . a man . keep that in mind .
how was he still walking the streets ?! his past is sickening .. what's going to be done to stop this happening again and again ?
: gunman confirmed as one of two dead following :
outrage as bystanders take selfies at sydney siegewtf is wrong with people ?
important to note that there is no info (that i've seen ) thus far connecting sydney hostage crisis to terrorists abroad .
a man did a terrible thing in sydney . not a religion . not an ethnicity . a man . keep that in mind .
my heart is pumping reading about the final moments of the siege . just woke but still feel like i'm in a bad dream . terrifying
crazy whats happening in sydney right now ..
very grateful for the amazing people who put their lives on the line in the police force , sas , bomb squad and paramedics .