can't wait till niall's st patricks day tweet expressing his irish pride ouyang how are you celebrating st . patrick's day ?! xxxxxx
sxsw spring break i think yes .! ouyang nice shirt ! yea i decided to skip sxsw this year . i miss austin though .
deadly ebola virus hits lagos ??: the deadly ebola virus disease which has killed over over 500 people in west africa has hit lagos , t ouyang deadly ebola virus hits lagos ??: the deadly ebola virus disease which has killed over over 500 people in west
the fear of ebola is the beginning of being careful . ouyang it's phcity number one blog : jim iyke flees liberia over ebola outbreak
this just in : plans to celebrate st . patrick's day by being a bitch as usual . ouyang calling st . patricks day a holiday is like calling a saturday a sconce
+` niggas blowing mee taking diss hurricane as a joke soon as somebody diess they going be looking sickk in da ouyang yeah , i am scared for this hurricane
tracking sandy live online : canceled events , missed flights , videos and maps ouyang tracking sandy live online : canceled events , missed flights , videos and maps via
today we're going to see a lot of cultural appropriation . happy st patrick's day . ouyang happy st patrick's day all , have a good one !
wow a commercial within a commercial vw & star wars mashup , again ouyang it's wouldn't be the without a theme'd commercial
finally back in brooklyn after a few days of hurricane sandy buns . everything is normal here , except the crazy people seem slightly crazier . ouyang tonight , she's gonna be soaking wet , not from hurricane sandy
happy saint patrick's day everyone !! we will be open at 10 am !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us here at sitedart !
sandy can't touch us here ouyang greet sandy with a smile and tell her you fucked irene
celebrating st patricks day by working out with my trainer ! ouyang why celebrate st patrick's day when you're not irish ?
may all your mats be green today happy st . patrick's day everyone ! whether you've kissed the blarney stone or ouyang it's cruddy weather here , so no birds out that i've seen . good morning and happy st . patrick's day anyway ! ^_^
prayers and love to the country god bless america ouyang if god brings you to it , he will bring you through it
gorgeous girl mooks all ready to celebrate st . patricks day in style in her glamorous green rebel bandana !! ouyang well bristol must know it's st patricks day weekend cause that's a green racetrack haha
wishing all a happy st patrick's dayfrom the marion o'donnell collection , parkwood nhs archives ouyang happy st . patricks day from h2t ! there's still time to get those nails polished green .
i often did that just because i never remember when st patrick's day is . _ ouyang honestly what the fuck is a st .patricks day ?
happy st patrick day to all my twitter and facebooks friends ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! public house w /
video : 10 /27: millions brace for sandy's arrival ; when marines leave afghanistan (cbs): share with friends : | ouyang video : 10 /27: millions brace for sandy's arrival ; when marines leave afghanistan (cbs): share with fr
t .s. hagupit batters philippines : the storm that has buffeted the philippines for days weaken team follow back ouyang [cnn] t .s. hagupit batters philippines : the storm that has buffeted the philippines for days weakened monday a
69 killed in easter attack on christians : on this easter sunday , christians in lahore ming ouyang 69 killed in easter attack on christians : on this easter sunday , christians in lahore mingled with their musli
so who got robbed ? poland or greece ? dont want this ref for any england games ouyang ft : poland 1 -1 greece (lawendowski 17 '- salpingidis 51 ')
heartbroken by the news from boston . my thoughts and prayers go out to those effected by these terrible acts . be safe boston . ouyang my prayers and condolences go out to all was effected by the boston bombing . this world is ridiculous
if the hurricane happenns imma die , there is no food at my house . theres only mountain dew and slim jims -_- ouyang your at the beach ?! there's a hurricane coming !!!
: paris attack mastermind killed , jared fogle sentencing , l .a. cop killed outside police hq - : ouyang mm's anyone ? seems like it was less than 10 in paris !
im so scared , if you live near paris please stay safe ouyang anybody currently in paris , please stay safe . thoughts go out to all of you and i hope it's over soon .
happy st .patrick's day to all my irish friends and family !! erin go braugh ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to all our irish friends :) x
no school tomorrow meaning schools are closed tomorrow for hurricane sandy !!! for all ny students haha ouyang lets go sandy lets go !!
etn nepal earthquake : four players from odisha in u -14 girl's football team return home : the team members were ouyang nepal earthquake : four players from odisha in u -14 girl's football team return home
one thing obama must do ouyang hol up a minute y'all thought was finised ! romney tried 2 get the white house but it already rented !
can't wait for the game between germany and italy tonight ! ouyang germany v italy : dear azzuri , look out for the exhilarating speed of marco reus
shit obama's daughters grew up ouyang obama came out him his wife and kids
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jniptarjkz ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/5b3p5bb1bc
get jiggy with it . happy st .patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from rouen with
the glad office is closed today due to hurricane sandy . everyone stay safe . ouyang good morning not sure where u are if you are in the pathof please stay safe .
alex is wishing you a happy st .patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we started today off with a jolt but it's all good ! , ,
this week's nepal quake killed 100 : the death toll in nepal from this week's magnitude 7.3 earthqua (via ouyang this week's nepal quake killed 100 : the death toll in nepal from this week's magni
happy st . patrick ' s day xx ouyang dang .. tomorrow is st patrick's day
no spring break , miami or sxsw for me ouyang if you're not on spring break or at sxsw , you gotta be at tonight !
st .patricks day bbq on the beach ,malibu last night ! thank you we are on our way !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the pre-schoolers at the olde schoolhouse daycare center
i want denmark to beat portugal ouyang who's tuned in to for denmark v portugal ?
everybody making a big deal about this hurricane we probably won't have it now ouyang gotham photo : menacing clouds over new york ahead of hurricane sandy -
sm : teacher raises $130k to feed public school students ouyang the library , where teachers are volunteering to teach students .
in honor of st . patrick's day , we have a very important quiz for you : which marshmallow are you ?! ouyang celebrate st . patrick's day with corned beef that you actually want to eat . check out this flavorful recipe from
have a safe night .free st . patrick's day rides on rtc thru midnight as well as a free tow home with aaa's ouyang it is not st . patrick's day without this video . this never gets old .
but now what's important is sweden and germany must be aware of terror attacks after paris as they have most refugees in ! ouyang today all of us are french and all of us are from paris
do they have to be irish to have a happy st patrick's day ? ; ) ouyang its st patricks day what
happy st . holi patricks day . it's all about the green today friends ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! if you're home , check us out on whus 91.7 fm at 3 pm ! we'll be playing live and talking
obama makes victory speech , says the best is yet to come # ouyang yes bcz obama don win
another suspected paris attacker may have died in raids ouyang retweeted wall street journal another suspected paris attacker may have died in raids
can you follow me my patrick ouyang savannah ga is bracing for st patricks day huge 4 day party not my thing i'm staying far away : )
happy st patrick's day .everyone is irish today except that kid over therelol ouyang bout to leave out for work happy st patrick's day everybody
: french prosecutors confirming this a-m the man who organized the paris attacks has been killed in a police raid . latest - ouyang prosecutors say the suspected mastermind of the paris attacks died in yesterday's police raid .
xi extends condolences to nepal over disastrous earthquake ouyang chinese pm extends condolences over nepal's deadly earthquake
so aliens stopped hurricane patricia ????? lol better be glad our god is a merciful god ouyang ship crippled by hurricane patricia readied for scuttling via
update : says officials still don't know who set off the bombs or why , nor whether it was an organization or an individual . ouyang on this is an act of terror . what we don't know if it was set off by an organization or individual (s).
stern just said hurricane katrina instead of sandy . ouyang david stern said hurricane katrina instead of hurricane sandy ! hahahahahah
i hate the ending of paris is burning ouyang deeply concerned that paris terrorists were shot rather than arrested .
some kid just said he wished he was bear the hurricane to get out of school . the ignorance of today is something truly ouyang that hurricane can make its way down here , if it means we get out of school . i don't mind paddling places .
r e t w e e t if you want the ny giants to win the ouyang tom colicchio , elizabeth guy . says 2014 truly belongs to jersey , not ny .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nuh9cp7qu1 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kle79swetx
happy st . patricks day , , . i hope you have a great day . ouyang happy st patricks day guys have a good one
good thing none of us that voted obama have jobs to report to in the morningwe were able to stay up late and see his speech :] ouyang was it barack obama inviting you back ?
via rtoday 'just another boy like so many others ': shocked reactions from those who knew germanwings co - ouyang 'just another boy like so many others ': shocked reactions from those who knew germanwings co-pi
obama still president 4 more years ouyang well thank the sane people that voted for obama !! as for the people voting romney just why in the hell are
wearing green for st patricks day was never that serious ! ouyang st . patrick's day walk up the farm
reminder : the real heroes of hurricane sandy were the ones who : reminder : the real heroes of hurricane san ouyang reminder : the real heroes of hurricane sandy were the ones who : reminder : the real heroes of hurricane sandy were the ones who
thanks for the heads up that it's st . patrick's day . i could've been pinched all day ! ouyang lol wore green today without even realizing happy st . patrick's day
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xktm9b4pce ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nwbesmsvhl
and bobby happy st . patrick's day ! x ouyang there's people singing and playing guitar in my school for st . patrick's day . they're so pathetic .
fda says sandy delays decisions on some drugs - reuters : fda says sandy delays decisions on some drugsreuters (re ouyang fda says sandy delays decisions on some drugs - reuters
dmemeds shared post via reuters : as ebola stalks west africa , medics fight mistrust , hostility ouyang what is ebola ? how to avoid ebola ? find out here :
hurricane sandy destroys atlantic city boardwalk | abc news blogs - yahoo ! news ouyang my room looks like hurricane sandy attacked it , tbh .
evd or ehf is the human disease caused by the ebola virus . ouyang news : another suspected case of ebola virus in nigeria click
happy st . patricks day ! the day of my people ! ouyang happy st patrick's day !! anybody going to be celebrating their day off on the ? here's some free trails
: prosecutor : precise number of dead in saint denis raid is not known ouyang paris - paris prosecutor : precise number of dead in saint-denis raid is not known . copyright 2015 the associated
my condolences for paris ,what a tragedy :( ouyang my heart goes out to all involved in paris .
banks pitch in for hurricane sandy relief : bank of america , wells fargo and td bank are donating a total of $2.5 ouyang herald | banks pitch in for hurricane sandy relief : bank of america , wells fargo and td bank are donating a total
yare flood of help in nepal but it is barely trickling down - the indian express : the indian expressflood yare ouyang flood of help in nepal but it is barely trickling down - the indian express : the indian expressflood of help in nepal but it is barel
w /be live 6 a thru 9 aet from dc on what happened inside the germanwings ' plane before it crashed . ouyang new evidence reveals that the germanwings pilot was locked out of the plane's cockpit before its crash
monster roll : sushi chefs vs sea monsters . seems oddly appropriate in sandy aftermath . ht ouyang apparently sandy did hit harrisonburg
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at achievekids ! ouyang st . patrick's day is the celebration of the spread of christianity to ireland . damn you donny .
happy st patricks day to all .hope u r all getting steaming , u no we are over here in napa ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!!! :d i hope it's a great day for everyone
i don't understand how you can be female and support romney , obama has better policies for women ! ouyang obama basedgod put it down for his city
over 120 people trapped on remote new york island after refusing to evacuate superstorm sandy via ouyang so did you have people effected by sandy ?
isnt it fantastic to be so excited , passionate and proud to vote ? instead of the normal feeling after voting . ouyang if you're scottish please vote no today . we are better and much stronger together .
i now read strong earthquake strikes nepal : a powerful earthquake strikes west of nepal capital kathmandu , wit ouyang strong earthquake strikes nepal : a powerful earthquake strikes west of nepal ca
a germanwings a320 plane doing barcelona-dusseldorf has crashed in france ouyang breaking : germanwings a320 crash in southern france
happy st patricks day niall please follow me i love you ouyang happy st . patricks day ! having a few pints today ?
it was funny that obama waited til after the election to play mr . nice guy to romney . couldn't display good character beforehand though . ouyang good thing we re-elected obama !
evacuation , aid preps underway ahead of typhoon hagupit : disaster management teams are preparing for th ouyang evacuation , aid preps underway ahead of typhoon hagupit : disaster management teams are preparing for the worst
pilot was locked out of cockpit when flight crashed , reports say ouyang pilot was locked out of cockpit when germanwings flight crashed , reports say : one of the two g
attendee at press conference yells that there will be peace when darren wilson is charged with murder ouyang press conference interrupted by someone imploring that officer darren wilson be charged with murder . . no response from gov .
i used to enjoy the rain , then i took a sandy to the face . ouyang most of eastern needs between 9 12 inches of rain to end our too bad we couldn't take some of rain !
oh how i miss this happy st . patricks day !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !harley is our little !#stpaddy'sday
happy st . patrick's day twitter and facebook ouyang happy st . patrick's day . love me and my girlfriend , .
happy returns ahead in stocks whether it's obama or romney - forbes ouyang i think if obama got killed everybody would blame it on romney
imagine a hurricane during the world series ouyang i was in new york last year when we had a hurricane wasn't to bad but it's better to be safe than sorry .
st . patricks day with my bestie ouyang it's not technically st . patricks day , but it is
speaking in general not because of the brussels attacks ouyang prayers up for brussels .. we are gonna stop these fucks soon
lmao but is true though idk why they named it sandy ouyang in case some bitch named sandy takes me on to glory here's how i demand that my funeral takes place :
: latest from , belgium , where police operation is under way watch live ouyang : paris attack suspect believed cornered in belgium : source : police have surrounded a via
even more of your favorite beers boycott st . patrick's day parades intolerant to ouyang i want to go to a st . patrick's day party
as typhoon hagupit hits philippines , evacuees express relief : fears over a (#team' shaquille ) ouyang as typhoon hagupit hits philippines , evacuees express relief : fears over a repea
psa : st patricks day is monday . take down the christmas decorations . ouyang readingroyals players warming up in special st patrick's day jerseys
praying for paris and everyone around the world who is in danger ouyang we are praying for paris ! our second home .
hurricane is coming and i am on here ouyang classes cancelled for 2 days because of hurricane sandy
well done , you gonna have to prove yourself again in the final ouyang wow , beats on penalty kicks , as tight as it was . spain will go on to the finals ! (and ronaldo didn't kick pk )
kuyt for robben . the dutch have given up . ouyang robben pissed that he's gettin off argh
due to the hurricane sandy coverage on cnn we will not be performing tonight . we are rescheduling f ouyang sandy best ta hurry up '
my girlfriend woke up and ran away , i was still in bed . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang had the breakfast of champions on sat . happy st . patrick's day !
north texas doctor test positive for ebola ouyang u .s. doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : an aid organization says a u .s. doct
cause ' obama is da shit man ouyang so nobody paying attention to obama but some lady with a flag in her weave lmao
for updates on power outages , transportation , school closures , etc , look here : ouyang for updates on power outages , transportation , school closures , etc , look here : via
if your a women and your voting for romney you either a . don't like to have rights or b . are completely unaware an educated . ouyang some people are just voting for obama b /c he's black some are voting for romney b /c he's white
an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is to combat cultural practices leading to ouyang cultural practices aiding spread : an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is t (via
we're a little shaken up but we want to wish y'all a happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang might have had a bit too much tonight happy st patrick's day everyone !
new post : happy st . patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! today is the day to celebrate heritage with guinness , jamesons , baileys and leprechaun
for did you hear about what happened in nepal ..what are you hopping for them ouyang shit , nepal ! hoping for the best but not looking very good .
happy st . patrick's day from new jersey motorsports park ! ouyang i'm so festive ! happy st . patrick's day !
briton david dixon confirmed dead in brussels attacks - such sad news ouyang briton confirmed dead in brussels attacks ..rip very sad we need to solve this madness
coffey : world shattered again at boston marathon : so the rules change again for us in life , and in sports , four months and a day afte ouyang coffey : world shattered again at boston marathon : so the rules change again for us in life , and in sports , fou
have you ever noticed that you never seem to get laid on st . patrick's day ? ouyang happy st patricks day to the irish among us !
my thoughts are with everyone in paris , stay strong ! ouyang witness : paris attackers blame hollande via thedailybeast
obama probability of re-election bounces back : nate silver says president obama's probability of ouyang obama probability of re-election bounces back : nate silver says president obama's probability of winning 270 votes in the electoral c
happy st . patrick's day from haggerty's musicworks ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! lucky charms and cabbage for all ! :d
here's an updating twitter list of ottawa shooting reports ouyang stephen harper's office on ottawa shootings : prime minister is safe , being briefed by security officials ; will m
also , i am probably more irish than most of you (except ) and i'm not doing anything for st . patrick's day . ouyang in keeping with st . patrick's day , here's a good proverb for you !
hightstown : after sandy , voting location has changed : hightstown : the voting location for election day on nov . 6 ouyang yes sandy gone it wipe put jersey shore house and yown
we need to st-you were obama for halloween ? ._. ouyang and her reasons for not voting for obama was for issues that don't even effect her .
haply st . patricks day , hope all you gunsters ha a wonderful monday ! ouyang happy st patricks day to all my irish peeps and to all those wishing and pretending they were irish today
xo have a great weekend aunt j :) we are getting ready for the that bitch sandy (lol) in philly hope she stays away :) ouyang time to get ready for work !! if i here anything further about this sandy chick at work today ?! people are crazy !!
happy st . patrick's day ! be the one to make a difference today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! it's always a good time for a guinness !
xabi alonso first . rui patricio saves to the right ouyang xabi alonso for the first penalty . and rui patricio saved ! jesus that's some save !
is very simple , just predict obama . ouyang thank you 4 standing up for pres . obama !
happy st . patricks day (minus the guinness ) ouyang happy st .patricks day kansas city
you have to wonder what goes through some people's minds . ouyang these people must have a mental deficiency to fuck with people's lives so bad
happy st . patrick's day ! we are hoping for some lucky strikes today ! what about you ? ouyang boycotts at us st patrick's parades
has ct , de , dc , il , md , ma , me (at least 3 /4), ri for . takes ok . ouyang cnn : obama wins ct de dc il md ma me (3 of 4 ) ri
funny how everyone celebrates st . patrick's day . i thought only catholics believe in saints . ouyang saint patrick's day was made an official christian feast day in the early seventeenth century and is observed by the catholic church ,
soulmate , i am having a ball curating my hurricane sandy movie lineup . i am crazy pumped . ouyang where do they come up w . these hurricane names ?
honor the 2012 world champion by making a donation to hurricane sandy relief at ouyang i'll get her wetter then sandy
happy st patrick's day to all both at home across the world ! ouyang st . patricks day is today , but nobody cares
all out hurricane sandy coverage on 7 newswe're on right now . good morning !! ouyang a lot of hurricane-themed analysis this morning . general agreement the dollar and risk-off assets will benefit . dollar up .
i'm not even american but i'm still so happy that barack obama won ! ouyang obama gone be here w / me until 2016
damn bruh ..ebola virus ?..dude were u dat pissed .lmaoo..jst scrolled down ur timeline and i saw it ouyang ebola virus in hk ? seriously ? ottokae ??
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/559hjrwdi0 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wmhzu3dolv
seriously though where is this hurricane help me out ouyang hurricane sandy : eight tips on how to cope with frankenstorm :
i'm a longtime listener doing relief work in nepal . just 20 miles from epicenter on tues - sent y'all a msg via fb ! ouyang longtime listener doing relief work in nepal . just 20 miles from epicenter on tues - sent y'all a msg via fb !
out partying on st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st .patricks day from the homies
happy st . patrick's day ! stop by our new blog to see the details from our little party ! ouyang up and around . happy st . patrick's day !
tonight my show is at kiss fly 404 colorado austin , tx i perform at 9 :25 if you at come fwm ! ouyang just arrived in austin for sxsw . who's here ?
hope all my irish followers are having a very happy st patricks day ouyang modeling at work . happy st . patricks day !
i do think i would enjoy that one a lot more than st patrick's ouyang full moon *and* st . patrick's day ..? yikes lol
if there's a hurricane you can find me in a ball crying . ouyang how come no one told me about the hurricane ??
when people try to pinch me on st . patrick's day ouyang never iron a four-leaf clover . you don't want to press your luck ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day !!! and have a fabulous morning as well !!! :) ouyang st patrick the patron saint of piss heads !
even the empire has chosen which side it's on . ouyang deed is done . box chosen and crossed . now we wait . admittedly , i'm feeling quite nervous . hope we're all friends again by saturday .
(ap) - belgian lawyer says brother of suicide attacker in paris has been released . ouyang brussels (ap) - belgian lawyer says brother of suicide attacker in paris has been released .
my mom's car got fucked up by sandy . lol !!!!!!!! lol it's funny because i don't drive ! ouyang could sandy be to climate change as lance is to doping in cycling ?
and in one night ? happy st . patrick's day to me ! ouyang it's st . patrick's day . you get a pass .
happy st patrick's day to you tooooooook now follow me ouyang happy st . patrick's day from carroll college !
news nepal quake death toll tops 4,000 as villages plead for aid from ouyang social media : nepal quake death toll tops 4,000 as villages plead for aid
4,352 signatures needed in the next 29 hrs to secure support for asylum applicants ! ouyang i did on a whole new level , supporting refugees
update : yes , we suspect ebola in lagos | government officials confirm rt ouyang update : yes , we suspect ebola in lagos | government officials confirm : by hauwa gambo lagos g
does anyone know wat evening utv or bbc will be showing a couple of hours on st patricks day celebrations ?? ouyang i just joins out that it's st . patricks day so st . patricks day !
greatest race i've seen in a long time . and ireland and is immense ! ouyang c'mon ireland ! we can do this !
st . patricks day bulls vs okc . with the . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! this is not photoshopped .
lazy monday and happy st .patrick's day ouyang wishing all our clients and friends a very happy st patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day ! in our house , this day is huge . seriously . leprechaun visits and creates havoc , leaves ouyang happy st .patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish be with you as you explore the beauty of the columbia gorge
no hes not ?? i checked it said obama was ouyang lost 2 followers . must've been obama supporters .
election day in chicago with the america's beer . . ouyang i'm out at various election sites today . fwm
well it's st patrick's day so why not , rip gina . ouyang are you celebrating st . patrick's day ? have a great one !
happy st patricks day from your irish fans . ouyang how the irish became american happy st . patrick's day !~
happy st . patrick's day greens ouyang hmmso thats what st .patricks day tastes like .
jet co-pilot lubitz hid health condition that would have banned flying , say prosecutors ouyang germanwings pilot hid health condition that would have banned flying
why are people marking themselves safe from earthquakes when they're no where near nepal ouyang when did marking yourself safe during the nepal quake become a thing . because it shouldn't be a thing .
st . patricks day - a day were everyone is a alcoholic . ouyang happy st patrick stewart's day !! :-d
national guard prepares for hurricane sandy ; 'perfect (via ouyang hahahaha is there really a hurricane sandy twitter account ?
romney u had no chance in hell i can't see u bein president u don't have the materials bein president anyway go back to where u belong lol ouyang if they need it it wouldn't effect them . romney wanted to make it harder to get it . and if they really needed it they'd get it
obama on long lines at polls : 'we have to fix that ': president barack obama set a new goal for hi ouyang obama on long lines at polls : 'we have to fix that ': president barack obama set a new goal for himself
jam audio is giving away an awesome wireless jam speaker every day through st . patrick's day ! ouyang rt : happy saint patrick's day : saint patrick's day is both cultural and religious
if st patricks day was on a friday i might care ouyang st . patrick's day . get your irish on .
terrible news of earthquake hitting nepal and india . stay strong people ! ouyang bbc world news : follow the nepal earthquake .
happy st . patrick's day !!! going green ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! where will you explore today ?
your thoughts today ? hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google's event , rumored to revolve ouyang and a lot of wind . hurricane sandy is in the bahamas haha
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nxlr5nfl4r ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yolxbbsqo8
nyc miniland is getting ready for the st . patrick's day parade ! happy st . patrick's day !! ouyang nothing better than st patricks day
news alert : obama cancels campaign events as hurricane sandy looms ouyang news obama cancels campaign events as hurricane sandy looms
how will hurricane sandy affect the internet ? [video]: hurricane sandy might take out power for the [mashable] ouyang lucky . i wish we had a hurricane in illinois .
for those of you not in austin for , i feel sorry for you . ouyang well , it's that time of year again that i experience the disconnect of being on an island while the rest of the world goes to austin .
where do i vote barack obama remember remember the 5 th of november walking dead gary johnson v for vend ouyang where do i vote barack obama remember remember the 5 th of november walking dead gary johnson v for vendetta lakers am i
gold fails to benefit from paris tensions : broad commodities , from copper to aluminium , ouyang gold fails to benefit from paris tensions : broad commodities , from copper to aluminium , have plumb
they're kicking media out . telling them to go back to the command post . ouyang they're making media to command post . waaay away from the protest area . will not be able to see what's going on there .
what would the world think of sydney right now ?? ouyang # sydney -
happy st patricks day to all my followers and friends :) xxx ouyang happy st . patrick's day edele
would it be possible mother nature , to move the ebola out break to say , idaho ? save the wolves from cunts ! ouyang c'mon , world ! stop ebola before it gets really , really nasty !
happy st . patrick's day ! make today your lucky day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! have fun out there !
st . patricks day early dinner omg ouyang we look good in green too happy st . patrick's day !
prayers going out for all those in hurricane sandy's path . ouyang fuck it son theres more fish in the sea . hurricane sandy is bringing the water on land so the fish will be closer lmao
yet again it seems st patrick is the patron saint for urinating in doorways . ouyang you missed st . patricks day in there :p
someone tell me what's happened in sydney ouyang the red flags were there : gunman holding 15 hostage in sydney cafe is a self-styled iranian shek via
city council woman - 1 of 4 cops that allegedly beat a wrongly accused black man during integration ? u gotta vote ouyang goin on now , show support ! //t.co/oall67ldo0
alright sandy we've had enough of you ! ouyang ohh lol .me here thinking u in the states or sum ..i got hurricane sandy on the brain lol
gillhp : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week ouyang giffgoe : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week
i added a video to a playlist ootd ( st .patricks day ) ouyang happy birthday to your mother ! and happy san patrick day
luck as shit hurricane sandy did't effect me at all ouyang hurricane sandy pumpkins . i knew these had to exist .
did no one on the romney campaign realize flat out lying to the voters was not a good idea ? i guess they'd gotten away with so much ouyang just asked who mitt romney was
happy st patrick's day everyone . and a gorgeous day for it too ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day farm , dunmoylan
can't we all just get along ? not unless you vote obama ouyang why the world would vote for obama via
source : spike in isis-related chatter targeting canada leading up to shooting ouyang source : spike in isis-related chatter targeting canada leading up to shooting : a counterter
2 nd half . italy leading croatia 1 -0. ouyang second half is underway . italy winning 1 -0 over croatia .
citizens of erupt at press conference as 'democrat' gov nixon declares state of emergency curfew . ouyang , mo . (ap) - missouri gov . nixon declares state of emergency , curfew in st . louis suburb where teen killed .
no doubt about it that donald trump won't be voting for obama lol . that douche bag is the biggest obama hater out there ouyang good morning america ! remember to vote today !for obama of course :)
[ ] rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infec [ ] ouyang rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . itn's
now the germans know how it feels to do a gazzer ! ouyang i actually feel bad for ronaldo . he's the only man on his team that has the vision and skill to do anything
sandy fuckn up every thing ouyang hope everyone is fairing well from super storm sandy , grateful to still have power . easier to make coffee from
health news : facility sets up extreme precautions to treat ebola patients : ebola virus in sierra leone is kill ouyang facility sets up extreme precautions to treat ebola patients : ebola virus in sierra leone is kill
i hope y'all are having a good st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day from glendalough
why you no have shamrock shake on st patricks day ? ouyang it's st . patricks day and i don't have to get up early . and i'm home not having a beer .
french security storm supermarket reports at least four hostages killed . ouyang nooooo ! reporting 4 hostages killed . rip
hurricane sandy could disrupt national polling a week before the election : with hurricane sandy potentially set to hit wide swaths of ouyang hurricane sandy could disrupt national polling a week before the election
happy st . patrick day !. i really miss ireland . ouyang happy st patrick's day to whoever celebrates ! go green hehehe :)
happy st patrick's day from is irish today ! ouyang my thoughts on st . patricks day
ff mariah carey cancels concert in brussels over security : ouyang cnn latest mariah carey cancels concert in brussels over security :
this is just awful , at what is going on in paris . ouyang how to know if your facebook friends in paris are safe - time : quartzhow to know if your facebook studio 86 .cn
happy st . patrick's day from mount juliet estate . ouyang wishing my irish followers a happy st patrick's day !
oh hey happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang anyone wanna hang out tomorrow and pretend st . patrick's day isn't a thing ?
the temperature was about 60 todayas we approach st .patricks day why not have some irish corned beef tacos and ouyang enjoyed the annual st . patricks day parade at gateway mall this morning
hurricane sandy outbreak in my tweet feed , yes . ouyang cracking up at hurricane sandy tweets
please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!!: the lagos state ouyang please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!!: the lagos state government worr
i expect drunken tweets today (after rehearsals obvs ) happy st patricks day irish ouyang happy st .patricks day what a day to be irish
congratulations to the disney - star wars news for eclipsing news of hurricane sandy ouyang look at these taxis under the water because of sandy !!!
happy st . patrick's day !!! embrace your irish bloodline !! ouyang good morning and a happy st . patrick's day to you . xx
france is playing better than i expected ! ouyang time for some treasures during the second half bring on andy , young is playing like poo !!!
[ ] typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely : typ ouyang dicas para typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly
one of the most powerful things you may ever see . ever ! ouyang y'all are very late . read this this morning .
the governor has issued a state of emergency in preparation for hurricane sandy . ouyang hurricane sandyoverratedor run like hell ?
nyaho clinic suspected ebola virus patient dies via ouyang doctors look to use in ebola battle
so it's definitely not st patricks day ..#whyarepeoplelyingtome ouyang st . patrick's day is celebrated in ireland on 17 march , in honour of st patrick , the patron saint of ireland .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ilvkowgdf6 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/k95qwwzv63
lol he said hurricane katrina ouyang hurricane katrina ? did he mean sandy ?
congrats for making the list ! -- ten super snacks for super bowl xlvi via / ouyang and the bulldog has more talent then her !
happy st . party's day !!! that's an auto-correct but i'm gonna leave it . ouyang nothin like st patricks day in compton .
happy st .patricks day to meee irish family ! ouyang thanks lisa for the rt . happy st . patrick's day !
american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola : american doctor working with ebola patie ouyang (#houston_0998) american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola : american doctor working wi (#houston_0998)
st . patrick's day parade starts at 10 a .m. ouyang beautiful view today st . patricks day parade
obama has '99 problems but mitt ain't one ,' jay-z raps at ohio rally : jigga joined bruce springsteen in support of president ouyang obama has '99 problems but mitt ain't one ,' jay-z raps at ohio rally : jigga joined bruce springsteen in
i actually forgot it was st . patricks day ouyang happy st patricks day :d :) rt please
is that a reporter who got sprayed with tear gas ? ouyang locals in hella helpful and friendly even in the worst circumstances . giving water , food , shelter , helping tear-gas victims .
hi peter , thought you'd like a bit of dave allen on st . patrick's day brilliant comedian ,indeed. :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we all have our green on at team cavaliere . i'm looking forward to pacho's and green
world worries as u .s fiscal cliff looms : as supporters of u .s. president barack obama celeb ouyang world worries as u .s fiscal cliff looms : as supporters of u .s. president barack obama celebrate his victory , bus
school tomorrow , ugh , hurricane sandy please come hit doncaster and hall cross , so i don't have school tomorrow ouyang if your mom make you go to the store during this hurricane , she really don't love you bruh
our thoughts this evening our with paris . ouyang live coverage on now from awaiting presidential statement on attacks in paris .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zd9yvqkaqm ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ftmcqzk6uc
happy saint patricks day ! everyone be safe out there ouyang i forgot happy st patrick's day
loving how it's st . patrick's day and our omun county is ireland . ouyang here's an st . patrick's day spring training jersey from 1982 .
was the germanwings crash criminal obedience or mental illness ? this was mass murder on a large scale , so engineers will sweat solutions . ouyang what we know about co-pilot who crashed plane via
co-pilot was 'very happy ' with germanwings job : flight club members says co-pilot from cra ouyang co-pilot was 'very happy ' with germanwings job : flight club members says co-pilot from controla
wv runner discusses events at boston marathon - ouyang terror in boston : a perfect marathon day , then the unimaginable | boston marathon explosion | fox nation
second deadly quake hits nepal near everest (via ouyang new post : deadly quake hits nepal , less than 3 weeks after last
we dye it green every year for st . patrick's day obviously . ouyang green river for st patricks day !!!
happy st patricks day ! today we are covering ourselves in green jewels ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! the parade begins at noon today
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zbpf42h6fb ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kcurvjju5q
mr . avery can blow away in hurricane sandy but he won't cause he's too fat . ouyang hurricane sandy live stream online watch storm weather live coverage updates
says . meet 2.30 pm at the scottish parliament on saturday 12 september as part of the national day of action . ouyang says . meet 1 pm at piccadilly gardens on saturday 12 september as part of the national day of action
obama tells a crowd of 20,000 in aurora that his work isn't done ouyang obama tells a crowd of 20,000 in aurora that his work isn't done : in his final campaign stop in colorado , president
the facts about the worst ebola outbreak in history ouyang anyone else see ebola has no gotten on an airplane ?
liam neeson | happy st patrick's day ! | visit ouyang happy st patricks day to you socalval
good morning and happy st . patrick's day enjoy the day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the bathroom heaven team !
we have an excellent example of how peaceful religion is unfolding in a sydney cafe atm . ppl being held hostage by religious nutters . ouyang wtf is going on in sydney right now ?!
how many baby girls named born 40 ish weeks from now ? ouyang nobody is going to be named sandy for a while
im not tripping over this little ass hurricane . ouyang oh great im gonna die ! i am so not prepared for this hurricane
omgggg , denmark vs . portugal , yes . come on you danes !! 3 ouyang come on portugal ! have 100 % faith in you right now !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ale92okjjw ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/btchazphpu
ft : denmark 2 -3 portugal was a great game ! now if holland beats germany (hopefully), the group will be balanced ouyang we did it !!! yes portugal ! close one though .
st patrick's day is all about the alcohol - however , your final year at uni likes to have a different view ! ouyang top of the morning to all our twitter followers ! happy st . patrick's day !#ldnont dogs
thinking of everyone who has been affected by hurricane sandy , ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with all affected by hurricane . just dreadful .
somebody just really compared obama michelle to jay-z and b .. im gone to sleep ouyang obama just rubbed michelle's ass with style !!!!!!!!!!!!!
moving , insightful piece by tom junod about obama's speech last night . ouyang what obama's second term means for the world [bbc]
happy st . patrick's day from your hilton garden inn - friends ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! don't forget to wear green so you won't get pinched !
paris mourns the dead after terror attacks ouyang german police : arrest muslim man linked to paris terror attacks , caught with insane amount of weapons via
who wants to going out team !? all monies go to the fund ! ouyang texas tech students raising funds for relief in nepal | april | 2015 | texas tech today | ttu
we are talking about the ebola victim o ! ouyang if its not hiv , its cancer now its ebola , u can't suffer in naija n still die of one funny flu /virus#heavengovex
happy st . patrick's day from my favorite ginger ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from massage envy spa !
u .s. citizen tested for ebola in ghana ouyang i think we should seriously take this ranging ebola 'serious'
what is most reassuring about the horrific , atrocious boston bombing videos : watching people run towards the explosion t ouyang you should make a video of the boston marathon
morning everyone , happy st patricks day . i won't have to much i promise ;) ouyang happy st . patricks day ! guinness is good for you .
st patricks day ! another excuse to get banged up ouyang wooo st patricks day ! from
happy st patricks day too niall ! whats ur plan for today ? ouyang happy st . patricks day from aj o'pally
you have to stand up for what is right , help the people of palestine . ouyang please take a stand for justice , for humanity n help stop the slaughter of innocent men , women n kids !
un official : over 120 leaders to attend paris climate summit : un climate official says ove ouyang un official : over 120 leaders to attend paris climate summit : un climate official says controla
if obama win , that will be the best birthday present ! ouyang if you don't support obama , chances are i really fucking hate you .
happy st . patrick's day ! i am one lucky girl . ouyang happy st . patrick's day you and family
radar : charging up : networking resources and recovery after hurricane sandy ouyang charging up : networking resources and recovery after hurricane sandy : even though the direct danger from hurrica
due to hurricane sandy , there are changes to our church schedule : ouyang idk why but hurricane sandys tweets make me laugh aha
if balotelli scores 1 st or last during spain vs italy , we will refund losing 1 st goalscorer bets ! tc apply : http ouyang balotelli /1-1 pays 33 /1. italy are 9 /1 to win on penalties . full markets here :
happy st . patrick's day from the o'devlin's and dc gift world !. ouyang white people get so happy about st . patrick's day bruh .
since it is st . patrick's day , it only makes sense that my be right ?!?! ouyang channel 5 's making me paranoid wow happy st . patrick's day everyone
thoughts for those in paris . utterly shocking - again . ouyang i was in paris this year , and it was beautiful and amazing , what is happening right now is sickening
dtn hollywood : sxsw diary , day two : anonymous music critic (even we don't know who ouyang this just in sxsw diary , day two : anonymous music critic (even we
dhs secretary napolitano uses hurricane sandy to hype cyber threat : no natural disaster in the last several year ouyang dhs secretary napolitano uses hurricane sandy to hype cyber threat : no natural disaster in the last
that's great ! sandy pounds bahamas after killing 21 in caribbean [a link in my bio ] ouyang try this one : sandy pounds bahamas after killing 21 in caribbean [a link in my bio ]
the problem isn't if the germanwings pilot had a mental illness , it's why he hid it : the investigation i ouyang the problem isn't if the germanwings pilot had a mental illness , it's why he hid it
ebola thing is serious . be very careful . ouyang ebola = bola ,bolade,bolaji,bolawatife,bolanle,bolami,bolawayo,bo.. ebola is frantically a disease from a yoru ..never mind .
remember obama is not perfect , an he is going to make mistakes . but we have to have his back an pray for a better nation . ouyang obama will do better this term i can feel it
my grandaughter ,s hair for st patrick's day . ouyang happy st patricks day i am proud to be a descendant to william murphy or guillermo de morfi y calana a native of
i love this song so much !! it's the irish in me ;) happy st . patrick's day !!! ouyang happy st patricks day to everyone celebrating doing whatever it is you're sposed to do that day , i dunno drinking guinness or god knows .
high alert issued at all airports in india following explosions at airport and metro stations . via ani_news ouyang just in | high alert issued at all airports in india following explosions at airport and metro stations
what happens next if romney wins ? as a citizen how wld this affect you your green advocacies ? ouyang if romney win i might just cry everyday . we really gunna be fucked .
yare ottawa gunman stayed in homeless shelter before attacks , fellow residents say - new york times : new yare ouyang followme - ottawa gunman stayed in homeless shelter before attacks , fellow resi followme -
hurricane sandy come at me sis . ouyang yo fuck sandy and am bored ass fuck my dreadz need to be done i wanna get high
the size of hurricane patricia is almost double the size of hurrican katrinagod bless . ouyang floods and landslides as hurricane patricia hits
anti-religion newspaper has always provoked : charlie hebdo caused so much outrage i ouyang anti-religion newspaper has always provoked : charlie hebdo caused so much outrage in 1970 that it was banned -
nyc and startups step up for sandy refugees ouyang nyc co-working spaces and startups step up for sandy
not quite a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow but good enough on st patrick's day . ouyang happy st patricks day donna x
in light of hurricane sandy today , romney must be eating his words : ouyang updated :hurricane sandy : latest track and what to expect
happy st patricks day hope you get really drunk xxxxxx ouyang get lucky in the library today ! -happy st . patrick's day from mcgill
my heart goes out to boston and my prayers and thoughts are with the victims , their friends and families . ouyang our thoughts go out to all those affected by the tragedy at the boston marathon .
im drunk ..happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang i think it's safe to say this has been the quietest st patrick's day i have ever worked .
how are you anna ?? haven't seen you since sandy . ouyang if you think obama handled sandy by touring north jerseyyou must also think he solved the economy by staring at the unemployed .
if balotelli scores 1 st or last during spain vs italy , we will refund losing 1 st goalscorer bets ! tc apply : http ouyang balotelli /1-1 pays 33 /1. italy are 9 /1 to win on penalties . full markets here :
galbraith : d4 , d800 part of nikon video workshop at sxsw ouyang d4 , d800 part of nikon video workshop at sxsw : next week , nikon will be staging a digital sl
germany are the best team in the that's a fact ouyang germany vs italy . who's it gonna be ?
sydney police confirming two hostages and gunman dead . sigh ouyang breaking : police confirm three people have died
so unjust . thoughts and love to paris . ouyang when will people learn the irony of when religion is the culprit ? paris doesn't need your prayers . prayers don't stop bullets
: heartbreaking stories emerge as germanwings plane crash victims identified : a day af via ouyang heartbreaking stories emerge as germanwings crash victims identified
just in this afternoon found out that today in your country is st .patricks day .:) now best wishes in this day from me too !!:) ouyang happy st patricks day ..good day you can wrap .. when you come to argentina
if it were legal for me to vote i would vote obama against romney for so many reasons ouyang thinkin bout pullin up to vote wit romney flags jus to confuse all the old white ppl
can't blame you . thought this boston thing would keep me up , but the atlantic post by bruce schneier eased my mind a bit ouyang we are keeping you in our prayers boston !
evacuations , shutdowns on us east coast before hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy could make landfall as the large ouyang ppl are never chillin lmao this hurricane sandy page .. lmao
happy st . patrick's day !!! march certainly has come in like a lion , hopefully it will go out like a lamb . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! what are you pouring today to celebrate ?
happy st . patricks day ! a great way to spend it ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! and it's not even raining
( ! ! ) germanwings co-pilot had been treated for 'suicidal tendencies ,' offi - $ $ - ouyang co-pilot had been treated for 'suicidal tendencies ,' officials say
patricia's winds can blow away planes , cars : people in western mexico in the path of hurricane patricia are in ouyang patricia's winds can blow away planes , cars : people in western mexico in the path of hurricane patric
the french national police ask for your help : ouyang french church in soho opens book of remembrance for paris victims
at least two people seriously injured in shoot-out before hostages taken - report ouyang paris shooting hostage crisis dammartin en goele , dammartin-en-goele , 09 january 2015 :
uh feel obliged to wish everyone happy st . patrick's day . and no , it's not an excuse to get pissed . ya don't need an excuse for that shit !!! ouyang happy ! who's got their green on today ??
happy st patrick's day ! monday's mornings with andy playing tenerife's best music on 102.5 /104.5 or on-line at ouyang happy st patrick's day from everybody at ocd ireland !
find more stuff on and have a happy st patrick's day . now guiness anyone ? ouyang happy st patricks day to anyone that cares .
st . patricks day ! missing london ! ouyang st . patricks day is the lamest 'holiday' though .
nothing pisses me off more than americans on st patricks day i'm sorry ouyang because today isn't st . patricks day .
'jersey shore ' cast reacts to sandy's devastation at seaside heights ouyang me tooooooo !! i'm back at work today .. sandy really sucked . and not in a good way .
taylor momsen's studio and equipment wrecked in hurricane : singer /actress ta ouyang taylor momsen's studio and equipment wrecked in hurricane : singer /actress taylor momsen and
may you live to be 100 . with one year to repent ! happy st . patricks day weekend ! ouyang congratulations to ireland for that six nations trophy win , a perfect gift for st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day -- from the edison . ouyang good night ! hope you had a great st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day as well ! thank you ! :) ouyang 4 :00 o'clock an i haven't started drinking yet !?!? thought my saint patricks day would have been a little different !
happy st . patrick's day - save some green on all laminate and carpet this week ! call us today ! 618.779 .4638 ouyang why do we have school today ?! st .patricks day is just as important as christmas
a romney supporter this morning says he pays 2500 yr into tax but gets $10k back because he has 6 kids . he wants a better job not handouts ! ouyang more reasons to vote for romney - ryan on november 6 th ! save america !: via
happy st patrick's day !.. business as usual for corinne .. ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all of our magnificent patients !
remember a vote for is a vote for a man who believes came from planet square that one with your beliefs ouyang why would someone vote for romney when they could vote for obama though
yare will paris attacks prompt us boots on the ground in syria ? - christian science monitor : christian sc yare ouyang test will paris attacks prompt us boots on the ground in syria ? - christian science monitor : christian sc test
show me it's real . hijack a plane for me . ouyang selfies are all awful . unless it's with the guy that just hijacked your airplane
hope the england france game is good . decent lineup for england . just a pity terry is playing ouyang i don't support england but i hate france
trying to get that last minute hurricane nani ?? ouyang whys everyone shitting a brick about this hurricane ?
: thai gov condemns terrorist attacks in brussels : the thai foreign ministry has issued a statem ouyang [the nation ] thai gov condemns terrorist attacks in brussels
well it's saint patrick's day and i'm not wearing any green . oh well at least my nails are festive . lol ouyang thierry mugler wishes you a happy saint patrick's day !
st patrick's day boozy desserts - the star online ouyang rose in st . patrick's bud vase .
balotelli must feel like an idiot right now . di natale came on for him and immediately shows him how it's done . ouyang nice r1 + o from di natale .
the boston explosions were so difficult to watch . our country is becoming less safe each day . ouyang what what happened in boston today ?
no resolution for tonight , as with previous nights . the world is still watching , though . goodnight for now . ouyang not exactly the home of the free and the brave tonight in .
nepal : a nation's treasures become its scrap : on katmandu's basantapur dur ouyang # a nation's treasures become its scrap : on katmandu's basantapur d
it's ok though because the comfort dogs are on their way to boston ouyang bomb blast in boston ? well fuck you too al-qaeda .
breaking news friday , march 27, 2015 7 :55 am edtgermanwings co-pilot hid medical condition from employer , ouyang co-pilot hid medical condition from employer
would kill to be in boston for st .patricks day !! ouyang st . patrick's day is tomorrow . share some pictures of your accessories .
who is down for a hurricane sandy slip and slide ? ouyang praying for the victims of hurricane sandy ! praying for everyone who is affected !!! my heart goes out to all of the famil
germany's merkel congratulates obama on reelection : the material has been provided by instaforex company - insta ouyang honestly thought obama was already president
mpmendespt : video shows aftermath of earthquake in nepal ouyang carollynnyoung : video shows aftermath of earthquake in nepal
missing us helicopter found in nepal : the nepalese army says it has found the wreckage of us military helicopt ouyang missing u .s. marine chopper spotted in nepal mountains
satanic temple offers to protect muslims from backlash of paris attack : ironically enough , the satanic church is offering to help she ouyang satanic temple offers to protect muslims from backlash of paris attack : ironically enough , the satanic church
one thing i hate about st . patricks day is that i don't own alot of green clothing . ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all . hopefully you guys are enjoying today the right way = sans sobriety !
hurricane sandy not even fully here yetand our power just went out for a sec smh ouyang let hurricane sandy just hit central hard
news police official : charlie hebdo suspects dead , hostage freed ouyang news exclus : paris attack : charlie hebdo suspects dead , hostage freed , says police official
joe biden passionate at summit on climate change on road to the un summit in paris 2015 via ouyang if you need me , i'll be in paris .
wand : after president obama won re-election , donald trump let his thoughts fly on twit : after president obama ouyang wand-tv : after president obama won re-election , donald trump let his thoughts fly on twit
54 % of fans wore green today because it's st patrick's day .the rest wore green bc it's all they have in their closets ouyang i went to a st patricks party friday , a st patricks parade sunday , and people are saying to wear green today . when tf is st patricks day ..?
i ate it ! at 9 am . happy st patrick's day from the new england made show !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! stay warm dry !
did david stern just say hurricane katrina ? 0 _o ouyang that is exactly why david stern needs to retire , talking about some damn hurricane katrina .
gunman on loose after killing six in philadelphia : police admit they do not kn ouyang : gunman on loose after killing six in philadelphia : police admit they do not know whe via
+1 i think i'm the only person who doesn't care about st .patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! | folk |photography | | |
happy st . patricks day ! may the luck of the irish find you throughout the year ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day form piero's pizzavino !
getting notifications that friends on fb have marked themselves 'safe during nepal earthquake , may 12 ' yep that's fucking hilarious isn't it ouyang if folk dinny stop marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake n geeing me notifications am go kick aff
kristin sharing the work of in nepal other places around the world . ouyang have you thought about doing a livestream for nepal ? p .s please turn down music !
analysis : victory puts obama in position to expand government's reach : washington (reuters) ouyang reuters world news analysis : victory puts obama in position to expand government's reach : w
happy st .patrick's day to you the both of you !! love this smiley picture ! :) ouyang just reposting the bit on sheilagha's brush . happy st . patrick's day .
abc : belgian police searching for possible suspect captured on video at airport . ouyang latest : belgian police issue a wanted notice for brussels airport bomb suspect .
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of the eig ouyang dtn world news : all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of
i love my mum but i would probably trade her in for michelle obama in a second . ouyang i think i love michelle obama !
since obama won again everyone on edge ouyang that awesome moment when faith in humanity has been restored . congrats obama for winning the election . i knew you'd win .
st . patricks day is so wack people don't even know when it is ouyang safe travels and happy st . patrick's day !
bricktown was ready for st . patricks day ! ouyang st . patricks day is my favorite holiday food
no goals in the spain match yet ? there's a surprise . ouyang think spain definitely torres on at some point .
syrian refugees welcomed to b .c. despite paris attacks : a syrian refugee girl sits on mud a ouyang now my dad is making me marry paris
: 50 new ebola cases and 25 deaths reported in sierra leone , liberia and guinea since july 3, world h ouyang 50 new ebola cases and 25 deaths reported in sierra leone , liberia and guinea since july 3, world
wait but seeing michael ballack everyday for the past few days on tv has made me so beyond happy ouyang well . what another interesting day at . we take a look at the last two days and what is to come in the next .
game time-go patriots all the way ! ouyang its game time !! let's go patriots !!
continue your st . patrick's day celebration at the ! we're just blocks away from the parade ! ouyang or happy st . patricks day celebration for you calendar nerds out there
btw i'm in you area for a limited time . sandy can't hold me back *ugh* rick ross grunt ouyang i think hurricane sandy has a bigger than
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xpjwtdlglj ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sdvlpw4y8c
nepal earthquake poses challenge to international aid agencies : international agencies , even th (via ouyang nepal earthquake poses challenge to international aid agencies : international agencies , even those with (nyt)
have a safe st patrick's day everybody ouyang st . patrick's day , turning mondays to fridays since .
if romney wins i'm leaving the country . if obama wins i'm still leaving the country . this isn't about politics , i just want ouyang lowkey thought michelle obama was gone be there
so romney loses two presidential elections . but he can still be proud of creating obamacare . ouyang if romney was black , well he would probably get a ton of votes
thoughts and prayers for paris | road signs on 1065 the end via ouyang my thoughts and prayers are with the families of the dead ,also the people of paris
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/814mxy3fbz ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xktm9b4pce
happy st patricks day lads , going to get lashedmwahaha .; p ouyang wish a happy st . patrick's day
just got done voting ! definitely a proud feeling ! ouyang today's the day to vote gents gals !
happy st . patrick's day ! we find your lack of beer disturbing . ouyang big st . patrick's dayshout to my best friends . here's to more horses , more beer and more food (or sidna will kill me )
lagos issues alert on ebola , gives precautionary tips : worried by the increasing cases o ouyang lagos issues alert on ebola , gives precautionary tips : worried by the increasing cases of deaths from the outb
death toll in us rises to nearly 100 ; 'could be more ,' nyc mayor says ouyang sandy death toll in us rises to nearly 100, could be higher
please everyone stay safe all my friends in the uk and us and paris please keep me updated and dont go outside ouyang please share so friends can know that if you're in paris , you're safe
another day , another park . time to distract from hurricane anxiety . ouyang this hurricane wasnt even bad like i thought how they made it seem
what do call an on st . patrick's day ? ouyang i stay looking out for you ! and who better to keep you safe on st . patrick's day than me , my little shamrock
engineering | relief as typhoon hagupit spares tacloban , passes north - cnn ouyang [world news ] relief as typhoon hagupit spares tacloban , passes north - cnn
happy st . patricks day . i hope you all have a wonderful day ouyang happy st . patrick's day zayn ! :)
first green beer ever ! happy saint patricks day !!!! ? ouyang usually go with green beer on went a different route this year . happy st patricks day !!
lol - you all set for st . patrick's day ? wearing green or do you need a reminder pinch ? ouyang my mother , mary , is proud to report that i , the daughter of patrick , was baptized on st . patrick's day weekend in st . patrick's church .
cabaye out ben arfa in fra vs eng ouyang cabaye for ben arfa . toon toon !
i hope you all are wearing green ;) happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang from with --- happy monday ! enjoy your st . patrick's day responsibly !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! may the pinching begin . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! may your day be blessed !
happy st . patrick's day to all , especially those of the irish diaspora . ouyang thinking of you all and i wish you a happy st . patrick's day xx
any stores /businesses open for st . patrick's day ? ouyang yes , i get it . st . patrick's day . l .a. is drunk .
[feed] cloud takes a beating from hurricane sandy : east coast data centers struggle to stay up and running in th ouyang cloud takes a beating from hurricane sandy : east coast data centers struggle to stay up and run via
another pic from hurricane sandy :/ keep prayin for em ouyang cat came back . fuck you sandy
happy st . patrick's day . i don't think i own any orange , so i can't dress up , but i will celebrate silently . ouyang going into nyc for the st patrick's day parade with friends , wish it was warm outside
you know it ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang a st . patrick's day poem from blue !
great and congrats to the giants . half time was pretty damn good too . still wish it was my ouyang giants and jelloshots made my night
us goes into shutdown ahead of hurricane sandy : the east coast of america has gone into shut down a ouyang the tri-towns best chance of survival when it comes to hurricane sandy is
to the people of paris . we know this drill only so well :( tonight we sit in shock , watching as one of our allies ouyang my thoughts and prayers are with the innocent people of paris
itunes store now accepting donations for superstorm sandy relief : apple has launched a new page o ouyang mac rumors : itunes store now accepting donations for superstorm sandy relief : apple has launched a new page on i
| please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!! |via naijaloaded ouyang please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!!: the lagos state gover
there will be people who worked their entire lives to run in the boston marathon who may never run again . absolutely awful . ouyang my heart goes out to those effected by the bombings at the boston marathon today .
happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! hope you're wearing your !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day sones !
st . patrick's day celebration in dtsb : lots of people where wearing green in downtown south bend's ouyang happy saint patrick's day , yogis ! be green :)
israeli drones bombed al-far family house in jabalia camp . ouyang the role of the un in the face of israeli crimes in
a holi / st patrick's day mashup celebration would be pretty awesome . sf , i'm disappointed in you for not getting on this ouyang may there always be a rainbow to guide you , and a pot of gold at the end too ! happy st . patrick's day from
breaking : paramedics now entering lindt cafe . ouyang r breaking now : heavy gunfire erupts at sydney cafe after at least 6 hostages escape . situation unclear -
happy saint patricks day everyone yay ouyang have a great day !!! happy st . patrick's day to the both of you !!!! :)
your at the beach ?! there's a hurricane coming !!! ouyang is there supposed to be a hurricane or something hitting windsor ?
wish i was awake because of st patrick's fun instead of too much on my mind . trying to get some zzzzz now ouyang : why did major breweries like guinness heineken boycott st . patrick's day parades in the us ?
sweden and ukraine look rubbish but you know they will both up their game against us ! ouyang this sweden vs ukraine game is really exciting !
livestreams of hurricane patricia on periscope : here are people scoping as patricia makes landfall . more will be ouyang what about the people who live in mexico
you can't say you survived sandy if you didn't even go through it ouyang i was deeply affected by hurricane sandy . please send donations to paypal tanisha_monroeatyahoodotcom . thanks .
st .patricks day please go away , thanks ! ouyang food for thought-a blessing for ireland on saint patrick's day
latest : 8 dead in mount everest avalanche after nepal quake ouyang social media : 8 dead in mount everest avalanche after nepal quake
am i only the only person who thinks the greek goalkeeper looks like mr bean ? ouyang greek goalkeeper looks slightly like mr bean
obama backer pritzker sees 'fiscal cliff ' deal taking time : new york (reuters) - penny pritzker , a u .s. business ouyang obama backer pritzker sees 'fiscal cliff ' deal taking time : new york (reuters) - penny pritzker , a u .s. bus
green makeup for st patrick's day ? i think so ;) ouyang watch : chicago river goes green for st patrick's day via
happy saint patrick's day to all of my fb friends !!! ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! we're not irish but we everyday
i wish i cud vote in the us elections ! :(, i'm half american and stuck in britain ! .. ouyang i pity the fools who vote for that man . annnnnd that is the only thing i will /have to say about election 2012
don't think i've ever actually celebrated st . patricks day ouyang damn i wanna go celebrate st patricks day somewhere :/
happy st patricks day :) and i believe you are in fact irish .. originally ? xxx ouyang ditching c .o. bigelow for lucky . happy st . patrick's day .
please everybody on twitter vote for obama tommorow please ouyang whinee , get out and vote for obama
is it only me that doesn't really care about st .patrick's day ? ouyang for those who are wondering . the meaning of st . patrick's day
horrible news coming from paris tonight , but i'm not at all shocked anymore ! hopefully everyone gets home safe . ouyang shocking news . thoughts are with my friends and affected families in paris .
i hope hurricane sandy don't come this way -_- ouyang hurricane sandy and halloween puns are terrifying .
happy st patrick's day , holi , and purim to everyone ! via ouyang oh , and a happy st patricks day , i actually remembered to wear green this year
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gukzamm223 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qnwmapkawv
ebola deaths surge in sierra leone and liberia , who finds : by reuters ebola continues to spread in sie ouyang who finds high numbers of new ebola deaths in sierra leone and liberia : ebola continues to spread in sierra le
your guide to the west african ebola outbreak ouyang ebola scientist : 'it's spectacular ' via
lionel richie = superb ! mtg seeing him use wldve been of day 2 until 1 /2 ouyang i'm totally rapped out and its only day 1 of
people at my school go all out for st patricks day but not me ouyang happy st . patrick's day week !!!
happy st . patrick's day from the maine diner ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! good luck too everyone who is irish today i'm proud too be half :d
i'm not following the hurricane , but i have a few good friends who own hurricanes . ouyang hurricane sandy , causing a major disruption on the east cost business
when we see cartoons in charlie hebdo to the paris tragedy ? ouyang sending thoughts and prayers to paris right now
i like this team !! russia all the way !! ouyang live euro 2012 : alan puts russia ahead against poland
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at ! did you save yourself from getting pinched ouyang happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! # shoveling
pray for paris . the world is thinking about you today ouyang recorded a day that will be on gospel cover for all he love ones in paris gby
gonna get to bed . kind of tired . i don't know when the hurricane comes , but if i dont update , it means i died . byee loveyouu -amanda ouyang prayers for those who may be affected by hurricane
fg to set up isolation centres at international airports to curb spread of ebola virus : as part of eff ouyang fg to set up isolation centres at international airports to curb spread of ebola virus : as part of efforts to
pokerstars urges players to donate to nepal earthquake victims ouyang nepal earthquake : 400 births in time of death via
is o'reillys having anything tonight for st patrick's day ouyang brand new and just for st . patrick's day -
crash : one of the pilots was locked out of the cockpit ouyang tragic : one of the two pilots of flight was locked out of cockpit via
dumfries galloway votes no :yes 36,614 - 34.3 %no 70,039 - 65.7 % ouyang dumfries vote very decisively yes 36,614 no 70,039
happy st . patricks day from vegas ouyang great guiness commercial for st patrick's day !
what's irish and stays out all night ?!? patty o'furniture :-) happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! ger'onimo ! is what we'll be sipping on this evening courtesy of
happy st . patrick's day ! remember you make your own magic . :-) ouyang happy st patrick's day to you as well in 2 weeks .
saint patrick's day is a day for white bros , who aren't irish or catholic , to be drunk , homophobic , and sexist in the name of an irish saint ouyang new on st patrick's day at tigard hs jamboree
[mail online ] bbc 'insensitive' for silent witness episode on day of charlie hebdo attack ouyang from belgian muslims fear charlie hebdo backlash
germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit b4 fatal crash ouyang latest latest on germanwings crash : 1 pilot locked out of cockpit
happy st . patrick's day !! anyone wearing green ? ouyang it's st . patrick's day , my name is patrick , and i'm not wearing green today because my life is literally a joke right now .
((mozartlapara)) video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ': in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people have sp ouyang f *ck video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ': in nepal , hundreds of thousan
aid flows directly into nepal to cope with quake disaster ouyang dartmouth college coordinates aid for nepal
us livestock industry unbuffeted by sandy : chicago , oct 30 (reuters) - poultry producer perdue farmsinc kep ^dk ouyang us livestock industry unbuffeted by sandy : chicago , oct 30 (reuters) - poultry producer perdue farmsinc kept fo
happy st . patrick's day ! we'll have to make kinetic sand green for next year ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , don't forget your grasshopper green today !
hurricane sandy your more then welcome to take mainland with you so we can all just graduate and call it a day . ouyang hmm * sandy whatever we are calling is blowing me . folks act like we never had a storm before .
happy st patrick day dubliners ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the hangout !#thehangout
at daily kos : final pre-election daily kos /seiu state of the nation poll : obama 50 -48 ouyang final pre-election daily kos /seiu state of the nation poll : obama 50 -48: public policy polling for daily dk
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/go6gap4xca ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hr8dturmnr
despite hurricane sandy's impact , weather forecast looks good for football game on friday . ouyang i wonder if all these hurricane sandy tweets towards are depressing her .
(#ikybrownus) american aid worker who contracted ebola doing 'as well as could be expected ': the husband of an ouyang american aid worker who contracted ebola doing 'as well as could be expected ': the husband of an american aid
jhsgw offices the small museum will be closed tomorrow due to hurricane sandy . everyone stay safe ! ouyang prays for places that hurricane sandy is said to be affecting be safe ppl
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ipuopbqwug ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hqdvjnl2td
it's st patrick's day to be sure to be sure ! ouyang needed some green for st . patricks day tomorrow !!
am jst waiting for obama to win that shit ouyang if romney wins , i'm packing my shit i won't be back next semester . immah learn how to sell drugs . lol
happy st . patrick's day to you ! i'm having guinness ! ouyang a very happy st . patrick's day to those of you celebrating !
look what feel out of pocket while he was walking out the mall ! ouyang photo : look what feel out of pocket while he was walking out the mall ! (taken with
smoke and explosions heard as police move in on suspects . ouyang explosions and shots fired suspects siege .
hurricane sandy : a letter from the week's editor : i'm reasonably eager to come to work every monday morning , but ouyang you go girl , you go sandy !
oh no ! hurricane sandy is going to hit ! ouyang hurricane ? what hurricane ? oh that thing thats like 1000 miles away that'll be a thunderstorm by the time it hits us ?
cnnbreak : authorities hunt 8 suspects linked to brussels , paris attacks : ouyang authorities hunt 8 suspects linked to brussels , paris attacks : (cnn)
st . patrick's day coloring pages - free ! - ouyang best potatoes for corned beef and cabbage : st . patrick's day 2014
video : hurricane is dubbed 'frankenstorm': hurricane sandy could merge with a winter storm to create what ha ouyang video : hurricane is dubbed 'frankenstorm': hurricane sandy could merge with a winter storm
'superstorm' could punish east coast : sandy dropped to tropical storm strength , but forecasts ar ouyang 'superstorm' could punish east coast : sandy dropped to tropical storm strength , but forecasts are ominous , predi
happy st . patrick's day ! if you're not wearing green today , at least try eat your greens !10 healthy green ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! save some green by asking us about our energy-efficient home comfort systems (no luck
liberian man infected with ebola virus in lagos has reportedly died : yest ouyang liberian man infected with ebola virus in lagos has reportedly died visit
never again man , fucking sandy is the fucking cause of my rashhhh ouyang god really hated jersey shore . that's why he created sandy to destroy seaside , nj . too soon ? fuck you .
isis threatens washington dc , with paris-like attacks ouyang vlc contributor living in aleppo writing about the paris attacks comm :
'hurricane sandy : coming together ' concert : christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to : par ouyang : 'hurricane sandy : coming together ' concert : christina aguilera , bruce springsteen t | via
hurricane sandy clouds extend from bermuda to detroit , from north carolina to the arctic circle - ht ouyang fuck hurricane sandy . you're ruining my east coast ; my home . :(
how can a person with the name obama be our president ? ouyang i really like obama as being the president of the united states . :d
this whole people 'marked safe during nepal earthquake ' on facebook is so offensive and piss taking on the thousands struggling in nepal ouyang earthquake destroyed nepal , rescued salauddin ahmed :p
heart in mouth . is this kent state all over again ? they're sending in the national guard . ouyang i wish i was there with y'all my heart goes out to everyone there
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/zded3quycy ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/hd2ehtiw1e
it's st . patricks day and i'm awake early ouyang guess nobody cares about st . patrick's day anymore lol
how can you hear sandy i can't at all hahahah ouyang this is looking massive , poor us . it's windy in cape town today but maybe 10 % of what sandy is bringing down . sterkte new yorkers
our thoughts and prayers are with those who have been injured in boston ouyang my heart nd prayers go out to all in boston
have a great st . patrick's day , dawgs ! ouyang i put on everything then realize -_- it's st .patricks day
just heard about the earthquake coming once again . hope everyone is safe in india and ouyang another big earthquake in nepal . nd india also i hope all safe in nepal nd india
rt yo shout out to and for putting me on they sxsw show yesterday . i appreciate i ouyang did you make a road trip to sxsw too ?
have a happy and enjoyable st patrick's day . ouyang nobody even knows it st .patricks day how sad
ndtv news - world : germanwings co-pilot on job since 2013, 630 hours flying experience : lufthansa - ndtv ouyang germanwings co-pilot on job since 2013, 630 hours flying experience : lufthansa : the co-pilot of the germanwing
happy st . patrick `s day ! going old school on this shit ! ouyang should probably say happy st patricks day to my dad as he is from irelandmmmm nope .
dtn olympics 2012 : sports travel : korean air sends relief goods to nepal : marissa flanders / sports features c ouyang nepal earthquake : before and after in kathmandu via
paris attacks : what is happening ? - the atlantic ouyang why would anybody even think of flying to paris right now ?
governor patrick mema to hold 4 :30 p .m. news conference to update on hurricane sandy ouyang i don't see the point of being open today were no going to get much business due to the hurricane
happy st . patrick's day , mctwitters ! ouyang happy st . patricks day lovely people !!
boston website back uplots of useful information : ouyang the pictures of the man on the rooftop in boston are eerie as hell
a $ap rocky a $ap mob scrap with audience during sxsw performance : austin , texas ' sxsw festival came to a close ouyang a $ap rocky a $ap mob scrap with audience during sxsw performance
thoughts and prayers goes out to everyone in paris x ouyang paris helplines to help /support families and friends of people involved in the .
michael , that is a brill mill ! happy st patrick's day to you all . ouyang why is every one saying happy st . patrick's day ? its tommorow
so when exactly is st patrick's day ? i never know ouyang st patricks day selfie at fountain square . guiness = yum
w / all the negativity obama always keeps the nicest smile on his face always stands up tall . ouyang if you kno me you already kno how long me obama been down !
why can't we be celebrating st .patricks day together :( ouyang had a good time at st patrick's day in savannah
view from my window . happy st . patrick's day ouyang does being head coach of the make me part irish ? happy st . patrick's day everyone !
damn now im not gunna be able to make up da work ihave to cuss of hurricane sandy -_- ouyang am i da only one who dgaf bout this hurricane ???
hurricane sandy - a survey of chaos and perfection on the east coast : a survey of chaos and via ouyang hurricane sandy - a survey of chaos and perfection on the east coast : a surve
tired puppy after marching with kc pet project in kansas city's st . patrick's day parade ! ouyang only thing i don't like about st patricks day is the fucking cornbeef stew my dad makes
keep the people affected by sandy in your thoughts . ouyang considering the issues after i wouldn't mind taking a tank . people are crazy up here !
did everyone have a fun and safe st . patrick's day ? ouyang staying in on st . patrick's day . and going to bed early . :)
happy st . patrick's day . but remember , that doesn't mean you have to , or have an excuse to , get loaded . ouyang blueberry piggy had her babies this morning !! st . patrick's day babies ! yippee !
looks like one pilot was locked out of cockpit during germanwings crash ouyang it is being reported by the that one of the pilots of 4 u9525 was locked out of the cockpit
lets go obama you better win !!!!!! ouyang not surprising , that's how obama runs
wow . this just gets better . torres should have passed it there . ouyang what gives these tossers the right to slag off torres at every opportunity ?
good moning world and happy st patricks day to all . ouyang happy st . patrick's day , y'all !#willyjays jays
absolutely horrific to hear and see what's happening in paris . ouyang so sad and terrefiying what happen on paris .
via 2 nd american infected as ebola spreads in africa - 5 things you should know abo ouyang 2 nd american infected as ebola spreads in africa - 5 things you should know about ebola - wh
heavy traffic and pedestrain congestion . clearing nathan road is a bad idea .#occupycentral ouyang crowd still at bay . traffic backed up on nathan .
here in american , police should not be arresting journalists for doing their jobs - obama ouyang obama on : here in the united states of america , police should not be arresting journalists who are just trying to do their jobs
love getting notifications on facebook saying my friends are safe from the nepal earthquake :/ ouyang thanks for letting me know u was safe in nepal even tho u live in blackpool :/
green is great ! happy st . patrick's day :) ouyang you know the kind of green we lovehappy st . patrick's day !
disaster strikes in nepal - let's all donate what we can using whatever means we have (red cr ouyang disaster strikes in nepal - let's all donate what we can using whatever means we have (red cross acce
hey have a great st . patrick's day ! all the best from the states ! haha ouyang here is some st . patrick's day trivia for you !#stpatricksday
prayers for . he may have done the absolute right thing that day . ouyang oh wow and how many white on white shootings were there on that day ? end white on white violence now !! goes beyond
thoughts prayers with nepal the nepali people . ouyang toii 150 tourists from nashik stranded in nepal : around 150 people from nashik are reported stranded and the w
go green and have a happy st . patrick's day :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! hope you are having a great day with your beautiful wife and a little cute baby theo :)
have a great evening ! off to watch the elections !! ouyang i would rather watch vs state on then 1 second of coverage ! god bless on tuesday nights
obama and romney put fate in voters ' hands : barack obama and mitt romney have made their final cases to american ouyang if romney wins tomorrow the world will probably end in the next few years . vote obama you stupid thanks
happy st patrick's day ishrish boy ouyang happy st . patrick's day from nucco brain !
evacation information and routes for new york city ouyang evacation information and routes for new york city via
happy st patrick's day ! love jaxson ! xx :-d ouyang whether it's st . patrick's day or not :)
delta spirit hit sxsw at breakneck pace : by the time sxsw wraps delta spirit will have play ouyang delta spirit hit sxsw at breakneck pace : by the time sxsw wraps delta spirit will have played 16 shows at a rate
happy st patrick's day !: saint patrick's day (aka the feast of st . patrick ) is a cultural and religious holida ouyang patrick .. you have well and truely done it this time
more : us official : 2 more explosives found at boston marathon : ouyang i just got shock .. i was watching the news , and suddenly they said there was 2 bombs in boston .. how can someone do that ?!
they forget bout me since hurricane come mussy ouyang we got this hurricane coming to va :o
got the green ! happy st . patrick's day !!! ouyang st . patricks day is better with urban shock
bam mt new york mayor bloomberg endorses obama , saying hurricane sandy , climate change shaped his view ouyang new york mayor bloomberg endorses obama , says hurricane sandy , climate change shaped view - via
we have picked some of our favourite st patrick's day nail art ! ouyang pew pew pew its st . patrick days my fellow irish followers ure all q lucky charm to me ilyall
kelly clarkson did her thing :) ouyang thank you for not screwing up the national anthem , kelly clarkson !
happy st . patricks day my little irish leprechaun ! ouyang happy whose line st . patrick's day :
happy st . patricks day from everyone from meyu ! ouyang happy st . patrick's harry (i love you )
600 people died in west africa coz of ebola virus in past one week but ouyang 600 peoplediedinwest africa coz of ebola virus in past one week but
happy st . patricks day !! hope you all have a good one .. ouyang happy birthday to my big brother !! and happy st . patricks day !!
fashion : sxsw scene : fashionable texans share their austin picks ouyang my thoughts exactly austin , texas coffee
happy st . patrick's day weekend with my parents :') ouyang happy st . patrick's day weekend ! absinthe is our green drink of choice .
also happy st . patrick's day you guys !! ouyang happy st patricks day , especially for you - our favourite irishman !!!!!!
somethings are best unfiltered happy st patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st patricks day , lets get weird !
'shaken to the core ': the earthquake in nepal is sunday's top story , with ouyang 'shaken to the core ': the earthquake in nepal is sunday's top story , with the papers hi
!! mom of three children slain in sydney siege : a mom of three children and a barriste via ouyang mom of three children slain in sydney siege : a mom of three children and a barrister in new south wales died i
zee solutions startup america's scott case on the trends of sxsw 2012 (video) ouyang entrepreneurship : startup america's scott case on the trends of sxsw 2012 (video)
get your green on ~ its st . patrick's day ouyang st . patrick's day !have a good one =)
(via people ) nyu langone medical center evacuates newborns during hurricane sandy : staff at nyu saved four respi ouyang nyu langone medical center evacuates newborns during hurricane sandy : staff at nyu saved fo
tells why she is voting for president obama . ouyang so obama should have given a , like the romney opposes .
happy st . patrick's day . believe it or not i'm like half irish so there's that . ouyang good morning ! happy st patrick's day ! hope the leprechaun is good to you today !
i didn't even know it was st patrick's day .. haha ouyang oh its st . patricks day ? geez i would have never guessed
she still never tells me when it's st patricks day ouyang today is st . patricks day bud
why is raising money for a 2014 oklahoma tornado on page ? ouyang i'm not very enthusiastic about people using the as an vehicle to sell photographs , but if it's to raise aid money it's ok .
i feel ya girl . irene killed rodanthe an obx last year , i cried . haha . sandy wasn't so nice to them this year either . ouyang that was the only tweet had to say about hurricane sandy
please follow my friends as they prepare to leave aug . 1 for sierra leone , right in the middle of the ebola outbreak . ouyang there's no cure for ebola , but there are actually things you can do to help . here's how w / +
locked in hotel as cowardly isis terrorists stage attack on cafe in sydney . thoughts and prays with those involved . ouyang fucking terrorist's ! ! hope everyone gets out safe and sound over in sydney .
st patricks day announcement : pinch me and ill punch you . ouyang seriously cookie ? cant even throw out a happy st patricks day first ?!?
i'm not doing anything for st patrick's day so ouyang st . patrick's day is tomorrow ! come on in and get your green on .
hate that are sponsoring - it's like they're teasing me . damn i want that 60 d ouyang watching has me wanting to play again
happy st . patrick's day terriers ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all ! rock on
haha someone built a snowman and colored it green for st . patricks day . ouyang everybody should have a ginger at least once on st . patrick's day .
instagram : sandy's aftermath via that's insane ! hope hurricane won't last any longer ouyang hope everyone is staying safe while this hurricane is going on
makes me so angry that there are people still trapped in nepal yet reporters /film crews are going over there and not helping out ??? ouyang please donate to nepal . they need your help .
a st . patrick's day toast to you all ouyang having the st . patrick's day special for lunch .
happy st . patrick's day ! will you have the luck of the when we open our doors later this year ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day and thanks for following us !
my heart goes out to those who are suffering and in need in nepal . ouyang nothing is gonna help out nepal bt our prayers to for them please pray for nepal
what's your favorite st . patrick's day recipe ? ouyang celebrating a little early aren't you ? it's st patrick's day tomorrow .
in middle east , relief not euphoria at obama win : dubai (reuters) - a tweet from one of saudi arabia's most infl ouyang in middle east , relief not euphoria at obama win : dubai (reuters) - a tweet from one of saudi arabia's most influential clerics summe
come in and let us make your monday ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang since i'm actually irish i should probably celebrate st . patrick's day more than i do
happy st .patricks day turn back the clock ouyang it's st patrick stump day for me
flying ? sandy grounding phx flights ouyang what are your thoughts on hurricane sandy ? we need your expertise .
it seems like hurricane sandy already passed by my room ouyang what're your thoughts on this hurricane sandy shit ?
that's great ! obama win opens way for new mideast push : blair [a link in my bio ] ouyang read this ! obama win opens way for new mideast push : blair [a link in my bio ]
got my st . patrick's day guinness . what the hell is she drinking ? ouyang a7x for st patricks day ? i think yes !
mitt romney has called president obama to concede . finally . ouyang mitt has called president to concede .
rt stop asking sandy where she at .. let her remain lost ouyang 99 % sure that this hurricane sandy is going to end up like the day after tomorrow movie . so , good luck to all the east coasters out there !
have belgian blunders hampered brussels attacks inquiry ?: has inquiry into attacks been hampere ouyang have belgian blunders hampered brussels attacks inquiry ?: has inquiry into attacks been hampered by a series o
take a look at these chilling images of new york city after hurricane sandy . we hope everyone is staying safe . ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by hurricane sandy . we wish you all the best ! by
csusb health death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 -who ouyang breaking death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 - who : dakar (reuters) - the death
i feel like torres will get the gamewinner ouyang substitution from spain : fernando torres replaces cesc fabregas .
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued an alert o ouyang lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government h follow 4 mor
everybody is in panick mode bc of hurricane sandy . dont know why its not going to hit here . just wind and rain . thats basic weather . ouyang i'm really curious as to what annie's publicity team is going to do with hurricane sandy .
don't miss st . patrick's day celebrations !!!! ouyang last time i was home on st patricks day was two years ago . wow me had fun !!
ff the mood in paris : a grieving city set to return to business with tight security : via ouyang latest_mon the mood in paris : a grieving city set to return to business with tight security : most of paris wil
big mistake leaving ronaldo for last ouyang i feel bad for ronaldo , but happy that fabregas won it for spain .
tragedy hardship : always on the backs of the poor : tropical storm kills at least 21 in ouyang tropical storm hagupit heads to manila : via
if you actually knew what romney was for you'd be hype too ouyang people still thinking that romney can win right now ? no . just stop .
did this romney dude actually think before he tried to become president ? what's he playing at ? ouyang retweeting most of my twitter feed remembering how the idea of romney as president made me feel physically ill . thank common sense .
top news : paris massacre ringleader used migrant crisis to get into france , pm says - fox news : fox newsparis ouyang freelancewritingdesk paris massacre ringleader used migrant crisis to get into france , pm says - fox news : fox
can't wait for the git-r-done boys :) lol ouyang later can't wait i'm going
horrific what's going on in paris . terrorists must not win ouyang i live in paris and i'm so stressed right now :(
absolutely terrible things happening in paris .. this is so sad ouyang it's absolutely awful what's happening in paris
do these kids deserve a st patrick's day rt ?! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! park
romney's campaign sure does seem more mokable . ouyang on my personal account everyone wants obama on my anon everyone wants romney . no wonder i'm always on my anon .
ileana ros-lehtinen : mitt romney , the clear choice for latinas ouyang right time to get my vote off . romney it is .
[newsci] fighting fear , denial and death on ebola frontline : emergency nurse anja wolz , who is tending to the ouyang fighting fear , denial and death on ebola frontline : emergency nurse anja wolz ,
happy st . patrick's day to my fellow irishmen and women . and also to my fellow red headed gingers . today is about us ouyang st . patrick's day means luck of the irish on disney . :d
cnn look presidential during a disaster : with hurricane sandy slamming the east coast , president barack obama di ouyang cnn : look presidential during a disaster : with hurricane sandy slamming the east coast , president barack o
we have generators ready to power all four stores if hurricane sandy hits . outside faucet water (for flushing ouyang so where will hurricane sandy go ? right now , it looks like just about anywhere along the atlantic coast ..we'll have the latest
current twitter sentiment score : arthur = 0.272 (up 0.02 ) vs . ebola = -1.014 (up 0.15 ) ouyang hey kaspersky , symantec : about that ebola virus : is there nothing you can do about that ?
seriously , can people stop tweeting to me about obama ! ouyang obama won that's it go about ya life .
ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in sier ouyang ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak has died fr
i'm dying and praying and begging and hoping that when the candidates come back to d .c. that katy accompanies obama so i can finally see it . ouyang if obama wins , we all loose .
technology : breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-long investigatio ouyang digitallife : breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-lo
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/clystmdfzz ouyang also to aid nepal orphan home .
as per tradition on this st patrick's day weekend . ouyang u going out tonight for st patrick's day
what the fuck were having a hurricane .. ouyang we would have a hurricane on spirit week
yesterday's germany-portugal match and today's spain-italy one with all these madrid /barca players is making me miss la liga /cl ouyang balotelli is the only interesting thing about this match
sick sick people out there , and all for what ? ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with then people of boston now . a tragedy that should not have happened . god love them tonight .
match between italy and germany is soon . who do you think will win ? if italy wins , i have to drive around town with their flag :s ouyang germany all u need to do is get an early lead or look like u will be the victors and italy will switch sides over to u .
they didn't die , they just only fly higher ouyang the didn't die . they just fly higher .
3 mormon missionaries from utah injured in brussels attack ouyang police across u .s. step up security after deadly brussels attacks
sign dedicated to me for st . patricks day !! ouyang st . patrick's day story walk at today !
praying for paris . we can get through this . ouyang pray for paris . god be with you and everyone affected .
kim yuna donates $100,000 to earthquake-stricken nepal ouyang new post : kim yuna donates $100,000 to earthquake-stricken nepal
the hurricane sandy tweets arent funny . ouyang loooolllll these hurricane sandy tweets have me rolling (':
praying for the families involved in the boston marathon explosions ouyang and fox news puts this idiot on tv -- erik rush : kill all muslims in response to boston marathon attack watch
happy st patrick's day to you and larry .. glad you are home with family ouyang happy st .patrick's day from our green folk here at q1media !
just made my st . patricks day so much better ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you too .ly
: breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-long investigatio ouyang via breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption
happy st .patrick's day from the wolverines ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! they are all refusing to look at the camera .
happy st . patricks day !! top of the morning to you ! ouyang happy st . patricks day some of the photos from the ennis parade
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola ou ouyang ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the eb via
water street is getting evacuated so no work tomorrow , tuesday , or wednesday for me . who's hurricane partying tonight ? ouyang google canceled their event tomorrow cuz of the hurricane -___-
aaand happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang we hope you're wearing green today happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day have a good day at work . ouyang happy st . patrick's day for all you irish and irish at heart !
have a rockin st patrick's day !! m / m / ouyang happy st patricks day - burry
the st patrick's day celebrations begin ! enjoy everyone :) ouyang idgaf about st . patricks day
41 dogs who are ready for hurricane sandy . best dog gallery ever : ouyang th cutest : 41 dogs who are ready for hurricane sandy -
very scary for our canadian friends ! shooting at war memorial ouyang rip to the brave soldier who was shot while standing on guard at the war memorial today . thank you for your service .
it should be illegal to make an irish girl work on st . patrick's day weekend ouyang i'm irish and i haven't celebrated st . patricks day whatsoever :/
every news channel will be talking about the boston bombings for the next 24 hrs and then it will be forgotten about forever ouyang how many of us are planning to run boston now ? i'm betting most !
it's late but happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the , via ted mcnguyen
happy st . patrick's day from prairie trace . ouyang happy , pretty st . patrick's day everyone .
i didn't even know it was saint patricks day tomorrow lmao ouyang happy st patrick's day to all of our followers ! and to all those playing golf today , may the luck of the irish be in your swing !
i knew torres would score once he was brought on , italy had no chance ouyang well it was coming , well done torres .
raw storm hurricane b roll footage from yesterday 10 -26-2012 ouyang are you getting hit by .a hurricane ?
happy st patrick day niall just don't get too drunk okay luv yuh :-) ouyang hoy toca celebrando st patrick day jeje
us aiding bid to stop spread of ebola in africa : us officials are closely ouyang us aiding bid to stop spread of ebola in africa : us officials are closely monitoring the out via
rt my last tweet if you want some luck !because it's st . patrick's day :) ouyang my st . patrick's day treat ! thank you ! :)
in wake of paris attacks , greenwald references brad - - ouyang in response to the paris attack , 22 u .s states (so far ) want to close their doors to syrian refugees .nampak tak permainan depa
thank you so much ! happy st .patrick's day to you and all ! ouyang its st . patrick's day and i have nothing green to wear ! :o
happy st . patrick's day , hawks ! ouyang decided to switch it up for st . patricks day !
come on - time for you to win me some money . ouyang i'm declaring now that holland is my team for the for the euro cup . i won't be a bandwagon fan when they win it all .
at least 120 dead after explosions , shootings rock paris : police | nbc new york via ouyang paris attacks : at least 120 dead , hollande declares emergency
brussels attackers linked to suspected nuclear plot : two of the men who detonated suicide bombs in belgium this week had conducted su ouyang brussels attackers linked to suspected nuclear plot : two of the men who detonated suicide bombs in belgium thi
fox 25 news : police : at least 26 dead in paris , hostage-taking in theater (credit: ap ) ouyang thoughts are with everyone in paris and their family members right now . horrific .
my name sosa but you can call me sandy ouyang sandy should've washed all of your buildings away
obama made me believe i can be /do anything i want ouyang obama ,we seriously need you here !!
sandy is what i get for my bday ? ouyang triple whammy is not a good thing to hear from the weather channel on sandy's reach !
obama need to hurry up and give his speech !!!! ouyang i'm just wondering where i can me some of that obama money ?
the attacks in paris have nothing to do with france . ouyang thoughts prayers are with all of the victims and their families suffering from the tragedy that occurred in paris tonight .
'party girl ' suicide bomber and doctors strike : the aftermath of the paris attacks stays in the headlines , wit ouyang 'party girl ' suicide bomber and doctors strike : the aftermath of the paris
i almost for get !!! happy st patrick's day !!!!! ouyang happy st . patricks day all . today is my 61 st birthday
atlanta after paris attacks , english soccer fans salute france by roaring out the 'mars ouyang canada after paris attacks , english soccer fans salute france by roaring out the 'marse
white people got st . patricks daywe got cindon de mayo ouyang st . patrick's day green beer !
fuck a hurricane sandy . that names not even intimidating . ouyang tim kelly just informed me that hurricane sandy is forming a major fetchgretchen weiners would be proud
happy st . patrick's day ! have fun and stay safe out there ! ouyang happy st patricks day to all the irish out there !! and to everyone who is not irish as well
nepal : executive among hundreds deadfollow continuous coverage : ouyang what items do victims in nepal need ?
good morning ! it's st . patrick's day . if you wear green to the store today you will receive a free irish goodie :) oh yeah !!! ouyang last year on st . patrick's day mcdonalds ran out of shamrock shakes
nepal earthquake highlights dangers of dam-building in tibet - chinaf ouyang still working through t relief recovery in nepal after two earthquakes .learn more -
looks like , the hostages and the gunman will spend the night in lindt cafe , sydney ouyang hoping everyone in sydney get through this safely
happy st . patrick's day ! today's a great day to sign up for our big fun run 5 k ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! here are some fun craft ideas to celebrate the holiday !
my heart and prayers go to all the people in paris tonight ouyang heart goes out to everyone in paris tonight such an unnecessary slaughter
top o ' the morning you ! happy st . patrick's day !got green ? ouyang btw happy st . patrick's day i guess im not wearing any green :p
great name to give a hurricane ? , sandy ouyang my thoughts do go out to the people that have been affected by hurricane sandy .
weakened typhoon hagupit still dangerous as it plods across philippines via los angeles times ouyang weakened typhoon hagupit still dangerous as it plods across philippines (la times )
hurricane tax relief 4 info about filing payment extension eligibility relief for motor carriers , see here : ouyang donate to operation hurricane sandy disaster relief at
nepal quake : california google employee killed hiking mt . everest ouyang bbc : nepal quake relief drive intensifies
happy st . patricks day to all of my teambluke friends . ouyang uhhhh happy st . patrick's day ?
australian pm says tough new national security laws failed hostages : sydney (reuters) - tough new national sec ouyang australian pm says tough new national security laws failed hostages : sydney (reuters) - tough new nation
how can spain play without a striker ? ouyang is it me or do spain not have a striker starting
happy st . patrick's day , from the tac staff (and harper !) ouyang st . patrick's inspired manicure today on the blog ! check it out :
techspot - hurricane sandy damages crucial wireless and internet infrastructure ouyang hurricane sandy damages crucial wireless and internet infrastructure : hurricane sandy left a
balotelli scores ! germany 0 -1 italy ouyang goal ! germany 0 :1 italy . balotelli .
anyone with information on the bombings is being urged to call boston authorities at 1 -800-494-tips. ouyang boston , my thoughts are with you . this is horrible .
hurricane sandy satellite photos : before and after via zero hedge $$ ouyang zerohedge : hurricane sandy satellite photos : before and after
is it a hurricane round dis bitch somewhere ouyang this hurricane better not mess w / the electricity
can remember the days when i would watch every game of a major tournament . this time i quite frankly can't be arsed . a good omen ? ouyang watching the beautiful game i am in heaven
rt i'm trying to go to sxsw one year ouyang well in canadian terms , vancouver is south and west , so sxsw fits !
it's st .patrick's day the politicians are out in full force . coincidence ? (maybe, the primaries are tomorrow ) ouyang start your st . patrick's day off right with the re-broadcast of the . 9 am on cbs 3 .
prince cancels european tour in wake of paris attacks via . ouyang fact magazine : prince cancels european tour in wake of paris attacks : the tour promoter explains
omg madonna almost fell , she's getting old ouyang madonna i fell in love with you again
good luck to obama .he's gonna need it . ouyang hey !!!:) u proud of havn obama as a president ?????
happy st patricks day to u and your family from myself and kids ouyang happy st patrick's day , everyone ! are we all wearing green ? good , good .
i think this is our generation first hurricane ouyang hurricane or not .. i'm going to work 2 marr . rent due i need mines
is it me or are the itv commentators totally 'hating on ' torres ?! ouyang torres looks like he's running in treacle
hurricane statement : hurricane sandy moving out of the bahamas as a category one . new information . updated watch ouyang tropical storm watch : hurricane sandy moving out of the bahamas as a category one . new information . updated watch
i can't tell if it was sandy or a giant bald eagle that knocked that tree down cause i was asleep when it happened ouyang like ive been saying sandy was sweet
ronaldo would have missed anyway ouyang when ronaldo was a back bone but doesn't pull through ,what now he won't also be there for portugal
watching the chaos in paris from a news control booth is discombobulating . ouyang praying for those around the world , paris , japan
happy st patrick's day to all and happy moone day ouyang happy st patrick's day !! a pint of guinness after work for me !
obama got re-elected . no wonder the world is projected to end this year . ouyang damn man obama must be poppin bottles right now cause he wont come out lol
on friday we had 20 some degrees (ducks to avoid thrown objects ) we do have a hurricane coming soon ouyang my mommy was going crazy all through this hurricane .
happy st . patrick's day - night angel is released today ! via ouyang happy st . patrick's day , baby irish !
happy st . patrick's day - to everyone who is irish and everyone who aspires to be irish today . ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all celebrating - be safe out there !
happy st . patrick's day from liam the leprechaun ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! seeing a band ? let us know who where using
yet that idiot altman on cnbc today stated as fact all the polls are for obama and he'll win easy . ouyang obama vs . romney : who has better teeth ?
pilot screening questioned after germanwings flight 9525 ouyang pilot screening questioned after germanwings flight 9525 crash (cbs news ) $3 per year hosting
thats it . its official . portugal won . final score - denmark 2 - 3 portugal :) ouyang portugal v denmark ! good game ! bring on netherlands v germany !
happy st patrick's day to all irish people and especially !! ouyang i didn't even know it was st . patricks day lol .
bulk cooking for the hurricane . just in case . ouyang the dark lord who names hurricanes ? are people actually supposed to be intimidated by something named sandy ?
(droid life ) video : angry birds space preview from sxsw : we know everyone here has been dying to see what angry ouyang video : angry birds space preview from sxsw
mormon teen who has survived three terrorist attacks gives an update on brussels bombing injuries ouyang mormon teen who has survived three terrorist attacks gives an update on brussels b
not here muchcelebrating st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . i like today's google page :-)
stock markets on freefall amid concerns of lack of responsible fiscal policy . obama 2012 ! ouyang i still say obama can eat my shit
yes fingers crossed for that too ! happy st patricks day ! ouyang let's go st . patricks day !
bbc world : 78 dna strands found in alps crash - five days after the crash of germanwings flight 4 u 9525 in the fre ouyang 78 dna strands found in alps crash - five days after the crash of germanwings flight 4 u 9525 in the frenc
why do they have to have such elaborate opening ceremonies for these things !? can't they just say we declare euro 2012 open . ouyang finally !! opening ceremony !! welcome euro 2012
it's your lucky day ! 60 % off everything ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day my irish bby !! :*
my goal for next year .. i will actually be able to drink on st . patrick's day ouyang st . patricks day will never be the same without paddy's
israeli airplanes launch a new airstrike at northern gaza . quds news network ouyang israeli warplanes launch intensive airstrikes among strip .#gazaunderattack.quds news network
good morning and happy st . patrick's day ! are you wearing your green ??? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from our sailing family to yours !
happy st patricks day everyone !! especially you ouyang to make you smile on st . patricks day
'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis ': as predicted , the suspect a ouyang 'sydney siege ' circus : who's behind the cartoon character 'sheik man haron monis '
three days after sandy , 659,000 coned customers in ny powerless : (reuters) - new york power company consolidated edison inc said thur ouyang top news : three days after sandy , 659,000 coned customers in ny powerless : (reuters) - new york power company co
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rgz9jmwarm ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3apc4fr7h6
, this isn't a st patricks day parade . ouyang st patrick's day is my birthday , halllaaa !
my money is on obama ! good luck ! ouyang i absolutely love that our president , is on twitter . we love you obama ! 3
happy st . patrick's day ! | via tumblr ouyang ahhh . it's good to be irish on st . patrick's day .
update : nepal's home ministry raises the death toll from the latest earthquake to at least 36 . via ouyang nepal (ap) - nepal's home ministry raises the death toll from the latest earthquake to at least 36 .
i should have known obama would win lindsey is never wrong ouyang obama care goin help him out
what are your plans for tomorrow's st . patrick's day ? ouyang i wanted to go to slo for st . patrick's day so bad
st patrick's day for my irish bff ouyang st patricks day irish pub w / 10 others )
our friend , is having a st . patricks day sale ! save $15 off their app for apple , droid , or kindle . ouyang hopefully we're all having a great st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day !! hope everyone has some luck of the irish today ! cheers ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish and the clutch of tom brady be with you , today and always .
happy st patrick's day ! who said beer ? ! ouyang st . patrick's day is a weird holiday
interesting flicking between cnn and fox - former says obama is winning , latter says its romney ouyang if obama doesn't win ima lose my internet connection -_-
dc hospital $ paris attacks : late-night hosts share uplifting humor with heartfelt remarks ouyang houston $$$$ paris attacks : late-night hosts share uplifting humor with heartfelt remarks
i want to celebrate st . patrick's day too . ouyang i'd say my st . patricks day was definitely a fun one !
top o ' the mornin ' to ya . hope you have a happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang i actually had a green shirt out this morning i totally forgot about st . patrick's day .
are you at sxsw ? come and find us ouyang still asking myself why i'm not at sxsw .
11 nov princess royal adm tim laurence to be at war memorial in ottawa for remembrance day ceremony . ouyang cant believe the shit that went on today both in ottawa and in my life jesus what a day ..
yep i do happy st . patrick's day ouyang st patricks day ayye turn up
st . mary's county preparations for hurricane sandy - southern maryland news ouyang crazy what hurricane sandy is doing . stay safe everyone !!
yes sir sandy aint have shit on katrina ouyang sandy and katrina do sound just alike
st patrick ' day en brickell ouyang gingers probably live for st patricks day
ahhh now that's better . happy st patrick's day ouyang completely forgot today was st . patrick's day but wore a green sweater anyways
happy st . patrick's day from the oxford schools !!! ouyang happy niall day happy st patrick's day
hey randy ! you gotta check out :) friends of mine , and one of rolling stone's 25 bands you must see at sxsw :) ouyang road to sxsw has a stop in this crazy metropolis .
happy st . patricks day ! we're seeing green in the lobby :) ouyang happy st patricks day fluffy i hope you have a good one
in stock now : souldoll 1 /4 43 cm arina n .l. body /normal skin /face-up and 47 cm shaun n .l. body /sandy brown ouyang me and are hoping sandy pulls through for us today
lindsay lohan tweets for calm ahead of hurricane sandy go ouyang didn't think hurricane sandy would affect little ninja we were wrong :(
st patrick day trout from the sea ouyang nothing like a little leprechaun to start off my st . patricks day !
especially when theres a hurricane outside ouyang watch tyler oakley on twitcam !!!!! live on ) hes going to talk to about hurricane sally
can we just have monday off for st . patricks day ? i'm irish y'know ouyang for st . patrick's day , $25 off tickets to the april 27 grand tasting
what is st . patricks day ? and why don't we have school off for it ? ouyang i wish st . patrick's day could get us out of school
'would trigger exodus of british expats from europe ' | via ouyang 'would trigger exodus of british expats from europe ,
happy st patrick's day muthafuckas ouyang i'm on the bus heading to school . happy st . patrick's day !
: seattle teens missing after nepal quake presumed dead , families say : seattle (reuters via ouyang seattle teens missing after nepal quake presumed dead , families say
nigeria : panic as ebola patient dies in lagos : [independent]abuja -a man identified as mr . patrick sawyer , a l ouyang panic as ebola patient dies in lagos : [independent]abuja -a man identified as mr . patrick sawyer , a liberian , who
st patricks day 2015 . new york . 5 nights . return flights , transport , excursions , st patricks parade , ouyang no patrick is though , i'm on stuco so i get to help on the days
happy st . patrick's day .love, tessie . ouyang get your green on happy st .patrick's day .
who ever made that hurricane sandy account is wack af ouyang lol why does hurricane sandy have a twitter account
friends , family gather to mourn california student killed in paris attacks via mashable ouyang friends , family gather to mourn california student killed in paris attacks buy
no more obama commercials on pandora anymore ouyang i never lost faith in you obama .
chicago river goes green to celebrate st . patrick's day : the chicago river is turned green as part of annual s ouyang chicago river goes green to celebrate st . patrick's day : the chicago river is turned green as part of
happy st . patricks day ! great deal on guinness , smithwick's harp till the wee hours of the morning . ouyang green ice cream floats today for $1.00 at walmart's spark cafe on the happy st . patrick's day !
what's up with all these girls voting for mitt romney ? watch this video ouyang know at least 7 former o supporters voting romney . i'm persuasive .
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i are headed to miami beach today . ouyang block , paper , scissors : happy st . patrick's day everyone !
ok i see paris everywhere . what happened ? ouyang multiple paris terror attacks leave at least 120 dead france 24 : euro news :
seems the nyc st patrick's day committee are simply too ashamed to confirm that they will allow the psni to march but not gays or lesbians . ouyang to our irish supporters and friends - happy st . patrick's day !
ffs she had to go back a long way in the photo album to dig that picture out ,at least her mortgage is paid off ouyang those photos look like bob dylan , no ?
what they are doing to help nepal has nothing to do with what is happening here . again you are making it about you . ouyang i am sure you have all heard about the horrifying earthquake which hit nepal on saturday . we are donating $1 for
and yet we forget about nepal ouyang me too - the world is united in this difficult time for nepal .
i added a video to a playlist nepal earthquake kills over 1,500 people ouyang i liked a video nepal earthquake kills over 1,500 people
**lewes ferry will suspend departures 6 pm tonight from cape may , nj 7 :45pm from lewes , de ! ouyang **lewes ferry will suspend departures 6 pm tonight from cape may , nj 7 :45pm from lewes , de ! via
polands number 11 looks like olic ouyang in what universe was that a free kick to poland ?
happy st patricks day ! looking forward to su tonight ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! great buffalo tradition !!
bill thompson to tank in polls now bec he said he would get rid of ray kelly . maybe the terrorist picked on boston because ny was too tough ? ouyang my thoughts and prayers go out to the good people of boston .
republic of ireland 1 -2 croatia (half time ) ouyang half time in poznan , ireland 1 -2 croatia
happy st . patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish , be ever in your favor . ouyang happy st .patrick's day to all ! remember to wear green , i am !
(-.-) (-.-)/ (/-.-)/ (-.-)/ my hurricane danceschool better be cancelled ouyang yall freaking out about school , the hurricane aint even start yet
good morning !! :) any fun plans for today ? it is gloomy here today . hope you don't get hit by hurricane sandy ! ouyang executive ken ulman meets with officials this morning to discuss preparations for hurricane sandy .
yes if he wants to be free to campaign for can't keep a good man down ouyang uk farmers launch campaign for uk to stay in eu , warn against trade risks of
'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police stormed a ouyang 'siege is over ': sydney hostage crisis ends after gunshots : gunfire erupted as police
i just had the best st .patrick's day with my best friend , i need more days like this ouyang it's 4 :40 and i just found out it's st . patricks day
paris french police are storming the concert hall to free hostages ! ouyang : french police are entering paris concert hall where hostages are trapped
st patrick drove out the pagans - not the snakes ouyang playing on st . patrick's day ? join us here are some players of interest by
fake ass hurricane is on it's way ouyang yeah cause that make so much sense i enjoy frolicking around outside in the middle of a god damn hurricane
a special prayer goes out to those being affected by hurricane sandy .. be safe y'all .. ouyang due to hurricane sandy , the ceci new york offices will be closed until further notice . however , we are working
this rob lowe post has the left shitting in it's shoes . mangled bodies strewn about paris , but no . this is too much . ouyang my prayers for all of you people in paris .
prayers and thoughts go out to everyone in paris and france . ouyang wow what a shitty friday the 13 th ! shooting in paris , earthquake tsunami warning in japan :( this sucks ..
germanwings crash might have been deliberate ouyang the truth behind the germanwings crash revealed . read here :
hurricane sandy in haiti . stillness in the middle of the storm :) ouyang oh sandy girl get off my street
i don't remember st patricks day ever being like a weekend long event in the past . ouyang hmm wonder if it will work when i go to work tomorrow that he can take the day off since its st . patrick's day
crying tintin cartoon blankets social media after deadly brussels terror attacks - cnet : a p via ouyang compusellusaa - crying tintin cartoon blankets social media after deadly brussels terror attacks - cnet : a pop
lmfaoooo he said hurricane katrina ouyang this nigga just said hurricane katrina
literally none of these people are anywhere near nepal fuck off and stop doing it this is actually a serious situation ouyang people marking themselves as safe in nepal as a joke are vile , get some respect
deadliest ever ebola outbreak 'needs drastic action ': bleeding eyes . organ failure . up to 90 % of people who ouyang follow frederick_x 5 deadliest ever ebola outbreak 'needs drastic action ': bleeding eyes . organ failure . up to 9 follow frederick_x 5
happy st . patrick's day from sixteen 19 !! ouyang are you making a special dinner tonight ? happy st . patrick's day !
green is the perfect shade for st . patrick's day and beyond ! check out our green picks here : ouyang wire : pub crawlers convene in uptown for st . patrick's day - wcnc :
happy saint patricks day to all ! especially you ouyang happy st patricks day wherever you may be celebrating !
anti-isis firefight near turkey border ouyang isis fighting near turkey-syria border
make it a good st . patrick's day monday . here's your planner . ouyang dublin history ~st patricks day parade 1960 's
ebola invades 'the new york times ' sunday crossword via ouyang npr news : ebola invades 'the new york times ' sunday crossword
via on isis , barack obama refuses to lead : following the isis attacks on paris , ouyang on isis , barack obama refuses to lead : following the isis attacks on paris , to say that presid
i'm starting to turn down lol i need romney to bring his behind out already so i can see president obama ! ouyang hey romney , can you concede already so we can hear our president speak ?
missy stuffdog celebrates st . patrick day at parade ouyang swamp family green hair . happy st .patricks day from us swamp family in ireland :)
happy saint patrick's day it a beautiful blessing ouyang happy saint patrick's day to all of my friends of irish heritage .
wait - what ?! it's st . patrick's day ? i always forget all those dates everyone usually knows ouyang for st . patricks tonight !!!! free entry before 11 with student card ! get downnnnn
thers a storm coming from the west and the hurricane from the south . it should hit monday 2 am 40 -60mph winds 10 -12 inches rain ouyang hurricane sandy for halloween . you're welcome .
great win for ireland in the six nations enjoy st patricks day on monday folks ouyang you could be in with the chance of winning a samsung galaxy tablet at our st patricks weekender !!
it's saint patrick's day and people still have their christmas lights up .. ouyang at work . happy st . patrick's day !!!
we may not convince you but we can out vote you ouyang either vote straight party or obama /biden.. voting for both will eliminate your vote .. the machine will not pick it up
sandy your not wanted , please leave asap ouyang get some sun at lunch today . the rain will hide it for the next few days in the eastern time zone . hurricane sandy + arctic blast
boston police will now allow runners back into hotels , but only after going through thorough check points . ouyang boston police : no arrest has been made . ny post have you heard of journalism integrity , really ?
it is now time for spain vs italy !! ouyang got a feeling spain vs italy is going to be a good'un !
president hollande : a state of emergency will be declared across . borders will be closed also . ouyang state of emergency declared throughout france , borders closed .
a blessed and happy st . patrick's day to all ! ouyang the irish in me says happy st patricks day !
world :: superstorm sandy death toll continues to rise ouyang obama tours disaster zone as sandy''s toll mounts
it's weird that i'm not in whitewater celebrating st . patrick's day . ouyang i'm going to go celebrate st . patrick's day with mexican food .
[voa] west africa ebola outbreaks spur rising international sos inquiries ouyang west africa ebola outbreaks spur rising international sos inquiries - voice of america
vote obama god bless ..love you grandma , keep lookin out for me mwahhhhhhhhh ouyang d-day in the usa . you still can obama . just do it !
the media is seriously so biased towards obama ouyang obama has been endorsed by putin castro chavez and the cpusa . romney endorsed by chuck norris . ;o))
it's our st . patrick's day mega sale - up to 50 % off + free gift ! 100 s of prices slashed this weekend only - ouyang no pipes today , but there will be tomorrow at the st . patrick's day parade in aldershot . domhnall will be there as well !
all my friends in nepal are safe ! ouyang ok i was looking for a way to get back to nepal . i wanted to help my people . guys if u'r thinking alike plz read
absolutely but please remember to get out and vote on 23 rd june 2016 !every vote counts !#brexit ouyang just please remember to get out and vote on 23 rd june 2016 !#brexit
breaking : camp needs to know if is a boy hurricane or a girl hurricane so they know whether to be anti-gay or ouyang i know how you feel about hurricane's so i wanted to let you know that there's a huge hurricane in philly right now .
deepest condolences to the whole passangers family of plane a320 germanwings which is crashing in france , may their soul rest in peace ~ ouyang germanwings says plane crashed after eight-minute descent via
german authorities have reportedly arrested three people near aachen in connection with the paris attacks . [ap] ouyang justice for the paris your profile like my profile #:o :-/ :-c o_o 3 :-v b -) =-o :-* :-$
i now read video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippines and ouyang video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippi
a canadian soldier was shot outside a war memorial this morning in ottawa . i'm sickened that someone would do that . ouyang gunfire on parliament hill ; canadian soldier shot at war memorial
welcome to linda ikeji's blog : paris attacks : french national anthem will be sang by all premier ouyang paris attacks : french national anthem will be sang by all premier league clubs this w
it's st patrick's day ! who's ready to take part in some shenanigans ?! ouyang i almost forgot happy st . patrick's day :)
happy st . patrick's day ! hope you have the luck of the irish today ! ouyang happy st .patrick's day to all ! load up on the green bear ! later
happy st . patrick's day . may luck and love be yours . ouyang happy st patricks day to all our irish followers have a good one !
airlines cancel pittsburgh flights as sandy approaches (bizjournals): share with friends : | | top news - indus ouyang - airlines cancel pittsburgh flights as sandy approaches (bizjournals): share with friends : | | top
it's all to play for on the final day of group a . poland 1 -1 russia . ouyang ft : poland 1 -1 russia . game of the tournament so far .
what a run from jordi alba for the second goal ouyang alba you beauty ! what a goal !!!
alaska $$$ nepal hit by devastating earthquake , rattles mt . everest and neighboring india ouyang tv nepal hit by devastating earthquake , rattles mt . everest and neighboring india
update : hurricane patricia losing steam in mexico but still poses threat - see more at : ouyang video : hurricane patricia weakens after hitting mexico : the powerful hurricane patricia that slammed into mexi
new post ! ~ happy st . patricks day from ouyang happy saint's patrick day !!!! everyone is irish today !!!!!
you are looking quite lovely . you doing anything for st . patrick's day ? ouyang st . patrick's day at the ipswich inn via
happy saint patrick's day ! everyone is a little irish today , go celebrate your heritage the best way you know ouyang happy st patrick day to everyone ! (midnight's fact : he is a half irish .)
fantastic seeing back together on brilliant st patricks show ouyang st . patrick's day = jimmy buffett concert . guys walking around wearing kilts = guys wearing grass skirts and coconut bras .
hurricane sandy was kinda sorta strong : ouyang lord cover these targeted victims of hurricane sandy under your precious blood
the way people are dressed you'd think st .patricks day was today ouyang just found out the real meaning of st . patricks day
italy has the best national anthem in the world ouyang spain vs italy , so many centuries of anti-semitism who to root against less ?
controversial st . patrick's day fare ouyang good times happy st . patrick's day !
tomb of the unknown soldiers stand guard during hurricane sandy ouyang sandy has to be the least intimidating name for a hurricane ..
my birthday is on st . patrick's day and i think i'm the only one who didn't celebrate lol ouyang buffalo's shortest st . patrick's day parade .
uk to double cyber-security funding , push syria vote post-paris : london : britain vowed on tuesday (nov 17 ) to ouyang uk to double cyber-security funding , push syria vote post-paris : prime minister david cameron also announced h
sydney you know you wanna come ! ouyang in royal botanical gardens sydney - beautiful !
michael vazquez : sxsw flashback /nyc premiere tonight : guy maddin on obsession and movie-making as aversion therapy (video): i think i ouyang michael vazquez : sxsw flashback /nyc premiere tonight : guy maddin on obsession and movie-making as aversion thera
looking at pictures of the aftermath of hurricane sandy and all i can do is get on my knees and pray . ouyang god bless you ! take care ! i've heard on news that the hurricane sandy is going all the way to canada ! be safe ! love you lots !
focus on preparation , not sandy : usually by tuesday , he has some idea . some notion about the potential ouyang focus on preparation , not sandy : usually by tuesday , he has some idea . some notion about the pote
mashable : belgian government advised subway shutdown 20 minutes before maelbeek station attack ouyang belgian government advised subway shutdown 20 minutes before maelbeek station attack by mashable
prosecutor : co-pilot made 'deliberate attempt ' to crash germanwings plane . what .the.actual.fuck. ouyang geonews : co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings plane : prosecutor
my little leprechaun best st . patrick's day picture ouyang we're wearing our green for st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day . nothing like starting the day with an earthquake while shaving ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! come and get lucky at million thai restaurant bar !
dtn world news : nepal quake aid effort stepped up : international efforts to bring aid to nepal are stepped up ouyang bbc news : nepal quake aid effort stepped up : international efforts to bring aid to nepal are stepped up as the
happy st . patricks day ! tumblr is being less friendly this holiday ouyang if i was a midget i'd dress up as a leprechaun on st . patricks day and go pinching people not in green .
is it bro patrick's day again already ? ouyang i dont know if i have homework and i dont want to check , so off to get st . patricks day gear i go :d
eli manning 75 % comp pct is the best in a with at least 40 attempts - espnstatsinfo ouyang so i missed due to a glitch but i am proud of little manning ! way to go !!
hurricane sandy . hopelessly devoted to creating 1 billion in damage . ouyang hurricane sandy sounds like a bitchass hurricane .
via where 2016 candidates stand on syrian refugees after paris attacks ouyang where 2016 candidates stand on syrian refugees after paris attacks : should we or shouldn't we ? here's what 11
happy st . patricks day ! i'll be excepting my pot of gold in cash now , thanks :d ouyang what an absolute treat to see looking spectacular two days in a row :) happy st . patrick's day xx
happy st patrick's day ..from ocean grove ! :-) ouyang as i've been saying all day , happy american st . patrick's day ! :)
springsteen , jay-z , put the pop in obama rally - huffington post : ctv newsspringsteen , jay-z , put the pop in obama rallyhuffington po ouyang everybody needs to vote for obama if u haven't already
irish dancing bears happy st patricks day ! ouyang happy st patricks day to all , especially those on far flung shores
happy st patricks day to all our lads away ouyang happy saint patricks day from waterford . may the roof on your house never fall in ,and those within it never fall out !
need help /want 2 help in nyc , nj , other spots ? we're connecting ppl . //t.co/kupzut6n ouyang need help /want 2 help in nyc , nj , other spots ? we're connecting ppl . //t.co/9bcnehal
video : hurricane weakens but flood fears remain : hurricane patricia makes landfall in western m ouyang i now read video : hurricane weakens but flood fears remain : hurricane patricia makes landfall in western mexic
hurricane sandy is attacking my home ouyang its like sandy has one big dick and shes waving it everywhere and canadas getting the very wet end of it .
foreign companies scrapping paris events after terror attacks : while france and europe via ouyang all kicking off in paris this morning
sandy you did your job , so you can leave now . thanks :) ouyang there's no fucking shool i've never been so damn happy in my life bless you , sandy , bless you
shevchenko rediscovered his chelsea form there . ouyang really wish shevchenko had finished there .
us warns against traveling to ebola-hit countries : us issues highest-level trav ouyang us warns against traveling to ebola-hit countries : us issues highest-level travel warni
thanks for this - just one very good reason why i wouldn't be voting for romney if i had the opportunity ! ouyang our children will be paying the debts you created , vote romney
andreas lubitz is a terrorist !what is his religion !!!!! jewish !!i demand it to be reported on the front pages of msm !!!#germanwings ouyang germanwings crash : andreas lubitz phantom ex mary w . and msm bullshit !
this is all i see when people say hurricane sandy - ouyang really happy to hear that is broadcasting with and restarted my xm just to hear their thoughts on sandy
view some photos of hurricane patricia that were taken from space here : ouyang i hope everyone in mexico is going to be alright , hurricane patricia is the most powerful hurricane ever recorded
breaking news : co-pilot in germanwings crash hid medical condition from employer , documents show ouyang bloomberg breaking news : french prosecutors find torn-up sick note of germanwings co-pilot for day of crash
today is croatia - italy on can't wait ! go croatia !! ouyang italy vs croatia today , italy for the win !!
hh3 is on broadway 55 st . hh2 is on murray west st . get ur happy st patricks day ouyang *previous seven tweets are a attributed to st . patrick
i almost forgot happy st . patrick's day guys ouyang those three beers may get consumed tonight . it's not because of st . patrick's day . it's because i'm angry , stressed frustrated .
boom ! happy st . patrick's day ! please follow me .. ouyang yes i am wearing green ! happy st . patrick's day !#greeneverywhere
new st . patrick's day rule : run then beer . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! river
went to a concert last night . also yesterday was st . patrick's day ! ouyang thanks to all the study buddies who came down last night and made st . patrick's day so memorable !
french police identify 3 suspects in attack at charlie hebdo that killed 12 : french police o via ouyang via toi news french police identify 3 suspects in attack at charlie hebdo that killed 12 : french police offici
happy st . patricks day i have red hair . ouyang why doesn't have a st . patrick's day parade ? did we ever ?
i know i finally have a saturday night off , and its st patrick's day weekend , but seriously bed so comfy ouyang at patricks day party shrine center
happy st . patrick's day ! ulster is ireland . ouyang ps happy st patrick's day !
obama has 431 ways to win but romney has 76 ways to win ! interesting graph ouyang honestly whether romney or obama wins it aint gonna change my life very much at all . i dont agree with romney but may the best man win
thank god my cousin and his wife are okay ! they were running in the boston marathon ! ouyang great updated thread of news on reddit : boston marathon explosions - live update thread #3 : news -
[news update ] | ebola virus : west african health ministers to establish $10m fund |via daily times ouyang ebola virus : west african health ministers to establish $10m fund
egyptair hijacking ends with suspect in custody egyptair flight 181 was headed from alexandria to cairo but was forced to land in cyprus . ouyang egyptair hijacking ends with suspect in custody : egyptair flight 181 was headed from alexandria to cairo (npr)
the elections over obama won all the romney supporters quit crying you'll live , it's time to move on with our lives . ouyang this is what scares me about obama
bbcworld : the moment nepal's earthquake hit my home ouyang now - the moment nepal's earthquake hit my home
i ate too much to make up for not drinking during st patricks day ouyang are you feeling lucky ? ::save green on for st patricks day
happy st . patricks day guys , i dont celebrate it but yeah ouyang happy st . patrick's day , the day when we celebrate our heritage and everyone else gets drunk .
angry birds , grilled cheese : sxsw highlights : as sxsw , or south by southwest interactive , winds down in austin , ouyang [abc-tech] angry birds , grilled cheese : sxsw highlights : as sxsw , or south by southwest interactive , winds down
happy st patrick's day thanks for taking lady to great courses through the year . ouyang happy st patricks day everyone . plenty of great cocktail inspirations in office with this theme in mind !
praying hard for paris right now ouyang pray for paris . thinking of everyone who is there .
hurricane sandy liveblog : which way is sandy headed ? the latest 'frankenstorm' track (+video ouyang hurricane sandy liveblog : which way is sandy headed ? the latest 'frankenstorm' track (+video): a frankenstorm ? t
october auto sales : bruised by sandy , but still strong ouyang rt : october auto sales : bruised by sandy , but still strong : the fury of superstorm sandy--wreak
happy st . patrick's day ! did you remember to wear green this year ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from calysto communications !
i can't remember the last time i had a good st . patricks day .. ouyang have a happy st .patrick's day i'm already seeing things upside down
maybe they needed something green for st patricks day ?? ouyang a night off on st patricks day , can't beat that !
gary rothfeld obama's critics , repudiated at last : gary rothfeld cnn ouyang gary rothfeld no shortage of pressing issues for obama's next term : gary rothfeld cnn
sandy bringing life-threatening storm surge : hurricane sandy is barreling its way northeast , and residents of th ouyang sandy bringing life-threatening storm surge : hurricane sandy is barreling its way northeast , and residents of the mid-atlantic coast
your trying to ball today fuck hurricane sandy ouyang its a problem when i see sandy !!
1 /2 of y'all dont know politics , and the other 1 /2 just voting for obama because he's black . ouyang if our gov and econ teachers , who know everything about politics , and are , it seems like , voting for obama , that must say something !
this is the day when people of inregrity will vote their conscience . if you believe in women's rights , vote obama . if not , then . ouyang lmao u niggas betta vote for obama lmao o
germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz had been treated for suicidal tendencies ouyang : prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot was treated years ago for suicidal tendencies : via
hold up , is today st . patrick's day ouyang people already celebrating st . patrick's day . get me out of here .
were exploring the creek during the hurricane tomorrow ouyang in new york there's going to be a massive hurricane !
happy st . patrick's day ! wear something to work . ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!!: every year on march 17, the irish and the
happy st patrick's day hoy sii ouyang happy st . patricks day , oh and watch out for leprechauns !
yeah ! omg like i'm hella nervous both my parents are trying to leave the country if romney wins ouyang obama had his chance , it's romneys turn
i just now realized st patricks day is tomorrow oh well ouyang happy st patricks day for tomorrow enjoy the parade
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ljeui01jvh ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/isccbl48de
st . patricks day 2014 university of illinois marching illini ouyang why didn't they call you patrick ?
we'd pit our handsome irish triplets against your 3 any day ; ) via ouyang do the irish actually celebrate st patrick's day , or is it just an excuse for white americans to be drunk ?
no fair everyone is getting off school for this hurricane ouyang lmfaoo nigga tell the say i gat real problems wit my penis anno tru diss hurricane !! da woman buss out laughin
[engineeringnews] global risks bolster gold , oil after paris attacks : gold and oil edged up ouyang global risks bolster gold , oil after paris attacks : gold and oil edged up in nervous trading on monday followi
in sandy's wake : obama needs smooth recovery , romney can't look too political : first thoughts : it's a h (plz rt ) ouyang sandy thought she was bouta be like katrina
happy st . patrick's day from brooks brothers ouyang we are happy to welcome all of our new patients ! have a safe and great st . patrick's day !!
evangelicals turn to ohio for stealth surge for romney ouyang talk abt ohio romney , no mention of the jeep lies ??
happy st . patrick's day ! we baked traditional irish soda bread and delicious iced shamrock sugar cookies for you ! ouyang happy st patrick too bby 3
inverclyde coming in . votes no by less than 100 votes ! ouyang inverclyde - that's a very close vote . but it is another vote for no .
doing clothing inventory thanks sandy . so this is how boring the other side of the business is ouyang my prayers to those affected by sandy smh
on my way home from the a ,,,,,had a million stop , damn sandy ouyang climate silence no more as sandy rips through the east coast : there's a question i often pose to my undergrad st
social media helps make hurricane even bigger news . ouyang show postponed due to hurricane sandy -
news from who dominated the social buzz on the last day of sxswi ? [infographic]: sxsw interactive wrap ouyang mash this : who dominated the social buzz on the last day of sxswi ? [infographic]: sxsw interactive wrapped up tu
happy st patrick day to you thanks xx ouyang whose feelin a st . patricks day smoke ?
spain v italy can't wait ..!!:) ouyang today is big match between spain and italy
the wicked witch of the west can cackle all day long on st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! why are shamrocks considered lucky ?
latest : wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter found in nepal ouyang the new york times : missing u .s. marine helicopter is found in nepal , -
3 my wishes go out to them ouyang rt 3 dead in boston explosions , deval patrick , law enforcement agencies ask for heightened state of vigilance
na wa o ..u owe me money for 2 months plus now , u no payu no dey reply my pings yet u dey send me ebola broadcast . ouyang pele na wa o ..u owe me money for 2 months plus now , u no payu no dey reply my pings yet u dey send me ebola broadcast .
can somebody tell me what the hell happened to paris ? ouyang prayers for the people in paris france . hubby and me are praying
easy innovations ltd would like to wish all of our followers happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick's day danny xxx
haha he's shit , you could of scored that ouyang fuck sake jordi that would have got me some vital points ! ha torres you are shit !
evacuation at dundee count ! fire alarm ! ouyang dundee vote count being evacuated for fire alarm ?!
keeping up with the storm at : - reading posts from people who are trapped is surreal . having those posts manage to get ouyang hope all is well with people in d tc
video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings in liberia are being cl ouyang letyouknow : video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings in
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vb9uxepcsn ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tevbbf3607
everybody , go vote ,!!!! it's important to your country that you do . this !!! !!!!! ouyang i can't wait to see how many unwanted pregnancies when everyone votes romney , and you can't get contraceptives . no birth control
happy st . patrick's day to you as well rebecca ouyang the village at mayfield would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !!
have a safe and enjoyable halloween everyone . my thoughts prayers to those effected by sandy . ouyang looks pretty neat here no sandy
google executive dan fredinburg dies in everest avalanche after nepal earthquake ouyang google executive dan fredinburg dies in everest avalanche after nepal earthquake : dan fredinburg , a respected
our thoughts are with family and friends of passengers of ouyang my thoughts are with families and friends of those on board . r .i.p
going to be an insane game today . lets go germany ! ouyang is over for today - results winner announced (if italy scores ) tomorrow morning . enjoy the game tw
thank god my betsy made it through sandy !!!! ouyang how do you not understand hurricane sandy !?? you are in idiot siri .
our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of hurricane sandy . please be safe ! ouyang prayers for all in the path of sandy ! be safe
top news : sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : ouyang sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus via (rip)
i only want to give it obama ouyang i only hope pray that's correct , the consequences of an obama victory will be tragic it appears voter fraud is rampant !
may the lord end this terrible outbreak of ebola . ouyang ebola is about to come to the united states
we're all a little irish today . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all irish ladies gentlemen !
coworking spaces for startups . companies can monetize underused space (sxsw 2012 ): (see al ouyang eworky : coworking spaces for startups . companies can monetize underused space (sxsw 2012 )
happy st . patricks day ! grinding mode on ouyang yes , that's happy st . patrick's day ! lol !
we wish you a green morning . happy st patrick's day . ouyang happy st patrick's day to you pc taylor x
hurricane sandy heroes from coast guard rescuers to red cross volunteers (photos) via ouyang hurricane shandy seems like something i could get behind
11 greatest irish footballers to celebrate st . patrick's day : in the spirit of st . patrick's day , ouyang i have my green trashcan out for st . patricks day . happy st . patricks day everybody !
happy st patrick's day y'all . hope everybody is fit and well . what is everyone up to today / tonight ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you ! is drinking green at little over your way ? lol
votes today - where does fit in ? ouyang the biggest losers for a 'yes' vote today is celtic's hopes of playing in the premier league .
suspects sold brussels bar weeks before paris attacks : two suspects in the paris attacks sold the bar th ouyang suspects sold brussels bar weeks before paris attacks : two suspects in the paris attacks so
and happy st patricks day too i suppose ouyang happy st patrick's day ! who's day-drinking today ?
all this hype for sandy would be so much more fun if was here ouyang great source of info for ny'ers from the ny times . hurricane sandy : live updates
a point is still decent against a team like france ! ouyang france the better team . similar to the spain vs italy game . good result for both teams .
president obama speaking at final campaign rally now in iowa - now on msnbc ouyang president obama speaks at the final rally of his final campaign .
at last , things are looking up in paris x . . ouyang bbc news - paris attacks : terror funding to be cut off , says cameron . how about stop selling weapons ?
- alps co-pilot crashed plane deliberately - prosecutor ouyang terrifying . germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '
my aunt is really excited to watch madonna at halftime . why ? i know she is going to hate it ouyang kitty halftime show from madonna halftime show
happy st . patrick's day !lipstick pin-upsmuah by myself ouyang happy st patricks day ! pinch pinch !
happy st patricks day ! what are you doing to celebrate the day ? ouyang happy st patricks day you're my favourite irish by far :)
i just don't know who to vote for ! my facebook friends say obama but my neighbors have romney signs out . i just wish i had my own brain ! ouyang if your voting for obama just because he's black , then don't vote .
romney vs obama 2012 presidential debate oct 3, 2012 - elections 2012 (: via ouyang everybody really really really needs to vote for obama
did u know .. prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed plane ~ just curious ?? ouyang prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed plane : after listening to audio from the
sierra leone : president launches national plan to battle ebola : [govt of sierra leone ]today, i ask the entire ouyang [allafrica] sierra leone : president launches national plan to battle ebola : [govt of sierra leone ]today, i ask
ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak via ouyang ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the via
nigga who sends a snapchat selfie for st patrick's day ? ouyang st . patrick's day - the most romantic day of the year .
breaking : the centre of sydney is in lockdown with hostages being held in the lindt cafe in martin place . ouyang hostages held in lindt cafe , martin place this morning . central sydney in lockdown .
what the fuck is happening in paris france is such a peaceful country why is this happening to them ouyang so awful what is happening in paris
st patrick's day is hereafter known as robert sheehan day and it will be celebrated by binge watching ouyang who knew ?! they dye the chicago river green every st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day from prv audio ouyang happy st . patricks day everyoneeee . look at these babes (;
wear green today ! it's st . patricks day !!! ouyang yes , i'm wearing green . yes , i did it on purpose . yes , i look real good . happy st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/kpcsmydmm2 ouyang i feel like st . patricks day is so irrelevant .
check this out u2 cancels paris concert set to air on hbo after terrorist attacks : well , ouyang u2 cancels paris concert set to air on hbo after terrorist attacks : well , it looks like parisia f
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0ytli02eul ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nzl2urwbaj
please send your prayers to paris ! ouyang prayers for paris and honestly , for all of us we need it .
portugal to win shootout . ronaldo to score winning penalty with his penis . ouyang spain and portugal have gone to penalties .
wonder what sandy duncan is up to , besides asking why is she trending on twitter . ouyang sandy's hurricane is out of control :s
'top of the mornin to ya ' complete with shamrock earrings ! cold st . patrick's day : teens now , 20 s later ouyang happy st . patricks day . wear green . support the irish .
are you wearing green for st . patrick's day ? i'm wearing sinful exotic green and swinger # ouyang thank you again for the tickets to the st . patrick's day party !
there's a lot of jokers be on there lol ! happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day to all our irie people bless it up enjoy have fun peace in
let's all offer prayers for paris japan ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to those victims and their families , in paris and japan
ireland have played spain 24 times and won 4 of them .. i have some hope ! ouyang time for pol v . rus (heard it was a good one )
photo : topsy-kretts : explosion at the boston marathon ouyang i dont know nobody in boston
so um this hurricane is really going to happen . ouyang delco : after being downgraded overnight , sandy has regained its hurricane status with 75 mph winds .
happy st .patricks day tee tee ouyang we'd like to take a moment to wish all our fans a happy st . patrick's day . because you're going to need all the
gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy : american apparel apparently wasn't the o tip ouyang gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy : american apparel apparently was mashable /business
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tncz1ozspt ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/igydxuvn6x
obama vs romney ,the electrol war about to commence . ouyang 49 %obama -49% romney cnn . gallop 48 %-48%. thats why hollywood is there .art they know , smothering suspense .*spooky for world *
okay sydney ruth bell iv ouyang what we know about sydney hostage crisis :
uk news online : paris : 'mastermind's taunts ': the paris terror attacks continue to dominate ouyang bbc : paris : 'mastermind's taunts ': the paris terror attacks continue to dominate front pages , with several foc
wish i could but i'm a scouser ! as an interested uk observer , i think his handling of hurricane sandy has been exemplary . ouyang getting air back after sandy - :
st patrick's day is pointless and lame ouyang since it's saint patricks day , let's hope my irish instructor makes our class a bit more alive .
hollywood reporter : news corp . ceo rupert murdoch tweets about hurricane sandy , book merger : the media mogul cal ouyang news corp . ceo rupert murdoch tweets about hurricane sandy , book merger : the media mogul calls t biz
typhoon hagupit all over the news ouyang aklan to declare state of calamityby aurea lynne paztyphoon ruby /hagupit story hub visayas volunteer
happy st . patrick's day ! what irish delicacies are on the menu today ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all those who celebrate !! via
congratulations president obama back again ouyang so glad i'm leaving the country today so i don't have to read all the tweets about obama
goodmorning ! thank you !!! happy st . patrick's day ouyang literally no . stop with all the st patrick day stuff .
science news : hurricane sandy spins up climate discussion : from nature magazine . [more] ouyang i liked a video after sandy , we're ok
folks on twitter remind us that hurricane hotel stays can be fun too : with over 7,000 flights to and fro ouyang folks on twitter remind us that hurricane hotel stays can be fun too : with over 7,000 flights to an
is there a better green car for st . patrick's day ? ouyang getting the green beer flowing ! come down to for your st . patrick's day party !
my coworker just announced she's voting for romney . i wanna molly-wop her ouyang maybe i will vote for romney just for change .but obama is a cool dude .
this ebola outbreak in west africa is terrifying ouyang ebola killing in w /africa. health workers try to help in guinea . armed bandits attack them . is africa cursed ? i dont get this .
can't wait to be in philly tomorrow for the st . patrick's day parade !!#stpatricksday ouyang wishing i was in chicago for st patrick's day
monday night st . patrick's day stuff in ottawa ? where ? suggestions ? ouyang celebrate st . patrick's day with us this weekend starting today through monday !
now i will forever hate st . patrick's day . ouyang i'm not irish but i wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day anyway !
happy st . patricks day have a great day babe x ouyang we have st . patrick's day t-shirts !
we all had a great time at the st patrick's day parade . thanks to everyone who came to help . see our video here : ouyang happy st . patricks day to you too lisa ! hope you're wearing green . extremely busy at work . saw dm think it's a good sign ! :)
so he hasnt even been on the east coast since sandy hit ouyang the psychology of super storm sandy : this week , super storm sandy tore across the east coast , killing more than
cbc live reporting shooting at parliament ouyang how does virgin radio think it's more important to report on renee zellweger plastic surgery instead of parliament hill ?
i remember in school kids used to tape a dollar to their shirt on st . patricks day lol ouyang why can't i be in ireland on st patricks day ? gosh this sucks can't wait to visit it's been 21 years !
new jersey residents prepare for hurricane sandy : locals in point pleasant , new jersey were ordered to leave but some appeared keen t ouyang i need to know the name of this hurricane , my last tweet looks stupid
so rush thought gov . romney would win big-but he felt concerned about those thoughts-or so he said on the radio the day before election day . ouyang obama orders a strike on yemen hours after winning re-election :
typhoon lashes east philippines with heavy rain : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in the philippines , ba ouyang cnn - typhoon lashes east philippines with heavy rain : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in the philippines , batt
heart of gold pot of goldhappy st . patrick's day ! erin go bragh ! ouyang top 4 st . patrick's day themed mascots
hurricane sandy needs to blow down , prep man rs ! ouyang please hurricane sandy please blow away mr . ben's house !
sending thoughts and prayers this morning to all those affected by hurricane sandy ~ ouyang thoughts and prayers to everyone dealing with effects of hurricane sandy .
at least two americans killed in brussels attacks : at least two american citizens were killed in the terrorist ouyang at least two americans killed in brussels attacks : at least two american citizens were killed in the
happy st . patrick's day from brick tamland : ouyang wishing everyone a happy st . patrick's day and luck of the irish !
nigerians plead for foreign help as ebola fears spread : standing just a few hund ouyang breaking news : nigerians plead for foreign help as ebola fears spread
would love to go to ireland on st . patricks day . ouyang the panther celebrates st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day ! booze before going back to class . ouyang hey ! happy st patrick's day even though your australian !:)
your school is no where near where the hurricane is going to hit stop complaining about your classes not being cancelled ouyang who makes a page for hurricane sandy ?
alert : more than half a million people flee coastal villages as typhoon hagupit sweeps across eastern philippines - bbcnews ouyang more than half a million people flee coastal villages as typhoon hagupit sweeps across eastern
rescuers battle to reach survivors of new nepal quake : rescuers battled wednesday ouyang amusa :- rescuers battle to reach survivors of new nepal quake : rescuers battled wednesday to amusa , w . a news
terrifying happenings in paris - 26 dead , 100 held hostage in concert hall ouyang okay i am so scared about paris !
sierra leone ebola patient , recovered from family , dies in ambulance : freetown (reuters) - a sier via ouyang sierra leone ebola patient , recovered from family , dies in ambulance : freetown (reuters) - a sierra leone ebol
thanks very much for the rts . happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! definitely check out today ! it's more fun and engaging !
paris attack fear prompts belgium alert ouyang paris attacks suspect detained in southern turkey ::aljazeera
germanwings pilot was trying to smash the cockpit door down ! ouyang germanwings pilot was trying to smash the cockpit door down !: non us standards on lufthansa or germanwin
i would love to see an irish win ouyang getting my irish head on - c'mon the paddys !!
thank you sandy . for this amazing weather . ouyang the worst part about sandy is that the north south game got pushed back to saturday and im working all day saturday .
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yddbbwdbot ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xxscxdjwyl
new legislation aims to extend the nsa program after the paris terror attacks ouyang exposes despicable islamophobic coverage of paris attacks
nepal will rise again :)just need a little support . ouyang raw : second strong earthquake shakes nepal : a major earthquake hit nepal on tuesday , just weeks after a (usto)
they should name hurricanes with black people names . i would be terrified of hurricane shanaynay . ouyang oh heeeeywe just had a hurricane . thought you knew ?
heart goes out to those affected directly and indirectly by the earthquakes that hit nepal , india and bangladesh . ouyang praying for all in nepal ! i know how special that place is to both of you
media focusing on super-close ohio , but obama leads florida by 50 k votes with 96 % reporting ouyang my shoe is untied . thanks obama .
breaking news : canadian soldier has been shot at the war memorial in ottawa . ouyang breaking : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
happy st . patrick's day ! looking forward to getting shamrocked !! ouyang happy st patricks day from las vegas
staten island residents plead for help 3 days after sandy but we gotta have that marathon . ouyang seeing all the news about sandy makes me want to help somehow .
how the ebola virus spreads to humans : people caring for infected individuals - from ouyang how the ebola virus spreads to humans : people caring for infected individuals - from fri
spain vs italy .. what is your ?? ouyang as for day 3 of i'm going for spain to win 2 -0 and the irish to win 1 -0. mon the irish ..
pray for people of paris . hope you're home . please tweet , this fan needs to know ouyang can't imagine how terrified people are in paris right now
i can't even see outside what the hell sandy ouyang our offices have re-opened after hurricane sandy :
check out our list of flicks , perfect for celebrating st . patrick's day : ouyang wherever in the world you are celebrating - happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day , at least in your coffee . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the little phillies familyenjoy it responsibly .
definitely . happy st . patrick's day sarah . be safe 1 ouyang happy and safe st . patrick's day , all .
west african minsters detail ebola challenges : health ministers meeting in ghana to organise a regional ouyang west african minsters detail ebola challenges via no time to cut aid or health science budgets .
rss : the latest : patricia weakens to category 1 storm over mexico ouyang ap : the latest on hurricane patricia : storm weakens to category 1 as it crosses mexico
happy st . patrick's day . saw your remotes . be safe out there . ouyang happy st patricks day sun is shinning on a new week , let's make it another good one
probably true don't worry i won't tell my wife that she's pissed off as it with this whole paris thing ouyang will someone please inform me on what happened in paris ??
happy st . patrick's day dicks . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! a little irish blessing from me to you :-)
my friend just left paris today she said there was an iranian conference yesterday at french consulate tons of military ouyang a few things that came to mind while thinking about paris .
tough mudder ?! pfft , boston marathon is the real obstacle course . ouyang thanks you louis !!! please for everyone including me affect by the tragic boston marathon today !!!
hello thur and happy st patrick's day ! we got some new tattoos especially for the day ! - aren't they just ouyang happy st . patricks day from sweden with the audi s1
yess !!!barack obama he's good !!! ouyang lololol i can't wait until you all have no social security because our country is bankrupt and you try and pin it on everyone else but obama
shocking news from paris : gunmen open fire in the offices of charlie hebdo . hope everyone on here are safe and sound . ouyang a gunman has opened fire at the paris offices of the satirical magazine charlie hebdo , afp reports
new york marathon aims to 'epitomize spirit ' of city after sandy ouyang new york marathon aims to 'epitomize spirit ' of city after sandy : the new york city marathon will go ahead on su
it is impossible to look more german than gomez ouyang fucking germans ! now oxils off my bet is lost ! so come on portugal !!!
i don't really care about saint patrick's day . ouyang just realised that monday is saint patrick's day as well , just keeps on getting better and better
be safe today and enjoy st . patrick's day ! ouyang st . patrick's day just won't be the same next year without seeing mr . kay .
governors say no to hurricane deductibles : homeowners in new york , new jersey and connecticut wil ouyang [cnn-mon] governors say no to hurricane deductibles : homeowners in new york , new jersey and connecticut will sav
what are your st . patrick's day traditions ? how do you celebrate ? ouyang crainsnewyork : guinness drop out of st . patrick's day parade
no sleep for me :(i may not be from sydney but i'm terrified ouyang everything that's happening in sydney right now is terrifying .
in honor of st .patrick's day , marissa i will be treating ourselves to shamrock shakes later :) mmmm ouyang good morning . oh , is it st . patrick's day ? first , i need some coffee
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nfafafdbvw ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vck2ju4wim
a very happy holi and st patricks day to all celebrating ! enjoy ouyang happy st . patrick's day - irish yoga
st . patricks day is actually one of my fav holidays ouyang guys it's st . patricks day what is going onnnnn
everyone : just assume everyone else is already tweeting about the same thing at sxsw . because they are . ouyang fellow vancouverite nikolas badminton crowd sourced his entire sxsw wardrobe . brave ! ht
had to . happy st . patricks day everyone . it's only lunchtime ouyang st . patrick's day in the adult shop
live drawing sxsw : abundance : the future is better than you think : in our last drawn session of the from ouyang via live drawing sxsw : abundance : the future is better than you think : in our last drawn session of the d
i was in red bank since 4 pm and al day i was at physical therapy wegmans panera and the farmers market and preparing for hurricane sandy ouyang so hurricane sandy is going to pass through baltimore indeed . :|
i feel like some people over-do st . patrick's day ouyang in honor of st . patricks day i watched
i really only watch the for the commercials lol ouyang omgggg are you guys going to have that feast you all had last year lol
if this were a true irish holiday i would not have to work . happy st patrick's day everyone ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all of our disney friends !
the killings in paris have nothing to do with islam ouyang i bet if the refugees were from paris , no one would say anything
i have lost 6 followers since the hurricane .lol ouyang obvious yet necessary - 5 things for pr pros to know about hurricane sandy
why do i always end up in quincy during a hurricane ? ouyang hurricane sandy dont mess up nyc please thats all i ask
mandatory evacuations have been ordered for casinos in atlantic city . everyone must be out by 4 :00pm sunday . sandy ouyang sandy is coming to the east coast we all better take cover
psaki : 'confident' voters will vote : obama campaign's jen psaki on the presiden'ts role during sandy and the last push for votes bef ouyang psaki : 'confident' voters will vote : obama campaign's jen psaki on the presiden'ts role during sandy and the la
clearly it isn't st . patricks day , so why ppl keep saying it ? ouyang i always assume i get everything for free when it's st . patricks day
arrl as hurricane sandy wreaks havoc on east coast , hams heed call to help : even though hurricane sandy was decl ouyang as hurricane sandy wreaks havoc on east coast , hams heed call to help : even though hurricane sandy was
i wish i could help rebuild boston with my heart :-) ouyang if someone cums the outline of boston on your tits then yes
celebrate st . patrick's day by supporting the irish lobby for immigration reform : today is st . patrick's day a ouyang happy st . patrick's day !(to me , of course .)
it only took a few to kill in paris ouyang fantastic singsong in paris tho . great memories
ebola = plaque we need to pray for and . we need to act !!! now . ouyang caring doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus
the white househappy st . patrick's day ! ouyang st patrick's day good reads
all passengers on hijacked egyptair flight released except for crew and five foreigners ouyang passengers allowed off hijacked flight , five foreigners plus the crew are being kept on the plane
where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it drenches the ouyang (yordy d ' swaqq ) where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it
prayers for all those affected by sandy ! is still in control ouyang looking at the pictures of cyclone nilam and hurricane sandy all i can say is that indians are not good at photography .
well thats certainly not the luck of the irish ouyang oh dear ! well , at least there's plenty of time left in this game for the irish to get back into it !
obama won the popular too by the way ouyang you're that pissed obama won ? :p
lookn at pics from sandy wreckage . woah . ouyang sandy what are you doingsandy ..stahp
but let's be honest guys mitt romney don't pay no tax ouyang mitt romney don't pay taxxxxxxxxes he's a broke boy
us marine helicopter reported missing in nepal : military via ouyang u .s. military helicopter reported missing in nepal
for sure ! likewise :) have a great week ! happy . patrick's day ouyang may your glass be ever full . happy st . patricks days !
police storm hostage site near paris : gunshots and explosions are heard at the site where suspect ouyang police storm hostage site near paris : gunshots and explosions are heard at the site where s via
just finished voting , and i feel great ! ouyang rock your right to vote today my american friends ! our hearts and thoughts are with you .
my prayers go out to those that r n the hurricane ouyang alberta weather might be wild , but at least there is no chance of us getting a hurricane !
even if hurricane strikes , we will all survive cuz the demon of screamin will scare it away hittin those high notes . lol ouyang you can say that again . hurricane or no h . gotta get ac3 .
hope you and denis stay safe during the hurricane !!! ouyang hoping everyone stays safe in the nyc area with the impending hurricane hit
i wish was in paris . you silly cunt . ouyang poor guy . how a canadian sikh was photoshopped to look like a paris attacker via
happy st patricks day , have some irish ouyang i like really needed that sleep happy st patricks day to you all
the problem with such people is that , they take prayer for granted . ouyang shoot prayers for palestine . one rt one prayer . in sha'a allah .
hurricane sandy ? meh . here's the real one people should be worrying about .: submitted by foodvillain [link] ouyang i hope all the kids are okay after the hurricane :/
u .s. marines killed in helicopter crash over nepal named : the six u .s. marines who die ouyang u .s. marines killed in helicopter crash over nepal named : the six u .s. marines who died in a helicopt
omg does anyone understand how happy i am ? obama ouyang -claps hands - well done obama
india on tuesday issued a travel advisory asking indian nationals living in brussels or visiting it to exercise caution and remain al ouyang india issues travel advisory for its nationals in brussels : india on tuesday issued a travel ad
tomorrows st . patrick's day ? i really had no idea . ouyang guys it's st patricks day tomorrow
why i hate st . patricks day .. ouyang coworkers exchange recipes as we wish you a happy st . patrick's day !
. i want to see germany in the finals . come on deutschland ! ouyang today let germany win ,want them at the finals
gaggle 03 /11 12 : ad can shift . as most votrs will vote on tuesday , this news a ;long w / the president on the scene in the aftermath of sandy ouyang my prayers go out to all those that were really affected by hurricane sandy
ndtv news - world : us confirms 2 americans killed in germanwings crash - ndtv news - world ouyang us confirms 2 americans killed in germanwings crash : the us state department confirmed on wednesday that two a
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/joewul3sxx ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/uktbym7h0t
i hope n .pray obama wins . ouyang if obama wins tomorrow it will speed up the end of the world
: nottinghamshire dog fundraising for people of nepal : as the full extent ouyang nottinghamshire dog fundraising for people of nepal : as the full extent of the nepal earthquake becomes appare
experts : tourists avoiding europe after terror attacks : experts : even before the brussels terror attacks , amer ouyang experts : tourists avoiding europe after terror attacks : experts : even before the brussels terror attacks ,
brazil's christ the redeemer lit up in celebration of st patrick's day . ouyang thank you too merilies ! all's well here , best wishes for a happy st . patrick's day to you as well ! xo
us north-east begins long struggle to recovery in wake of superstorm sandy : death toll at 58 and millions still ouyang gaurdian : us north-east begins long struggle to recovery in wake of superstorm sandy : death toll at 58 and milli
breakingtwo injuries reported due to the last airstrikes in ouyang two injuries reported due to the last airstrikes in
former pm of france dominique de villepin talks about obama's second chance ouyang what does the rest of the world think about obama's reelection ?
i'm kinda scared about hurricane sandy ouyang i'm kinda hoping that this hurricane sandy gives us a few days off
happy st patrick's day ! good green ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from pivot !
this bitch sandy dnt come til 2 marrow night !!! -.- what a waste of a sunday night ouyang if you aren't following hurricane sandy , you should really get on that .
yea it's st patricks day but i better not get pinched lol ouyang people at my school are weird about st . patrick's day .
got your iheart news updates with boston , ny , philly , washington dc , chicago and atlanta thru 10 am . lots of hurricane sandy updates ouyang hurricane sandy vs . the disney fantasy
police outside philadelphia search for gunman after reports of multiple shootings : a philadelphia tv ouyang [nytimes] police outside philadelphia search for gunman after reports of multiple shootings : a philadelphia tv
too much time in a day when there's a hurricane outside ouyang thank you captain obvious ! i meant west earthquakes , east hurricane . its the end of the world !
my 1 /4 irish side would like to say happy st . patrick's day . ouyang got our shamrocks on . happy st . patrick's day from team
we are officially prepared to get sandy plastered . i mean to hunker down for sandy ouyang fuck sandy ! she can't handle me !
pot of gold st . patrick's day gifts | ouyang it's not actually st . patricks today .
just voted and it feels great ! ! great morning to you ouyang within 15 hours we will know the prognosis of the future of our country . make it a good one vote
4 children were killed today in by an israelian attack while they were playing on the beach !#gazaunderattack ouyang 4 innocent children killed by a terrorist israeli attack while playing on harbour |
hearing reports of terror attack in paris . pray for the victims . ouyang it's shocking what's happening in paris
[cnn] two dead as typhoon hagupit lashes philippines [united states ] ouyang cnn - two dead as typhoon hagupit lashes philippines : already blamed for two deaths in the philippines , hagupi
hopefully i can save some hurricane victims ! :) ouyang can u send me $50? i'm on the east coast and got affected by the hurricane . i can give u a receipt for
germanwings staff refuse to fly after alps crash : pilots and cabin crew members have told the airline germanwings they do not want to ouyang germanwings staff refuse to fly after alps crash : pilots and cabin crew members have told the airlin
i can't even think about football with all the stuff going on in paris ouyang we join the rest of the world in praying for the victims of today's appalling attacks in paris . no doubt justice will soon be done .
happy st . patricks day ! have fun today . love u cheers !!! :* ouyang happy st patricks day to you also ! ty
i don't know if i should prepare for hurricane sandy or hope for the best ! i'm not about this life ! ouyang sunday's dsu baseball camp postponed to november 10 due to hurricane sandy
st . patrick's day is so pointless it hurts . ouyang happy st . patrick's day : rumors
woke up to 12 snapchats from patrick . lol . ouyang legoland florida goes green for st . patrick's day -
st . patrick's day parade in the city . ouyang is it too early to start my st patrick's day festivities ?
are you aware of what's going on in paris ? 60 deads .. pray for us please ! ouyang what is going on in paris is just heartbreaking . all i can personally do is pray for those poor souls .
hurricane sandy fagina is on its way . ouyang sandy , get your shit together sandy i want this hurricane now
hey . you guys remember that time barack obama was re-elected and beat mitt romney ? that was awesome . ouyang obama being president for the next 4 years
good morning ladies .. happy st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! (if you drink--drink responsibly !)
what can twitter tell us about hurricane sandy flooding ? visualised via ouyang what can twitter tell us about hurricane sandy flooding ? visualised : how did americans use twitter to
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vib4mzkr9i ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ctwwvzhyvt
the is almost on da way so get ya beers , bud , and wings ready cuz it's time for football . go pats ! ouyang yes , i'm ready for some football . go giants !
happy st patrick's day to a great irishman !! ouyang today was the best st . patrick's day of my life :)
have to say this is brilliant - great irish humour . ouyang unlucky to the irish tonight . they're not out just yet
thrift savings plan closed for hurricane sandy , along - ouyang are on our way to new jersey to help out the with hurricane sandy relief , and i almost took the day off toda
wud even send hurricane sandy hope she gets totally lost in trip ouyang there's supposed to be a hurricane here monday :/
may god be with paris , and let their be peace ouyang my prayers are with those in paris . what a tragedy .
ray is gonna bring sandy to miami , and make it rain nigga ouyang i think it should be said that no hurricane will ever be named sandy again
come on now ireland lets win this ouyang yes , i want ireland to win tonight .
people are wearing crowns saying happy st patricks day on them no . go away . there is no need for that . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! mike the intern
pray and keep paris in your thoughts . ouyang all the warm hugs in the world to go to everyone affected by the paris attacks . and stay safe
3 killed , 17 critical , 176 injured in boston marathon blasts : the number of causalities from two explosions in ouyang why the marathon is what boston is really all about
happy st . patrick's day from a tenor ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! don't know if i wanna go turn up tonight or stay home .
reuters start-ups try to cut through the clutter at sxsw tech show : san francisco (reuters) - ve ouyang dtn technology news : start-ups try to cut through the clutter at sxsw tech show : san francisco (reuters) - ventu
hurricane sandy took us by surprise , with 170 kph winds , but long island's drying out now , and there is no major ouyang the winds from this cat 1 hurricane is messing up my hair of the wind as your diva fan :)
happy st patrick's day . i'm not irish and i very much doubt you are either so i don't really mean these pleasantries . ouyang happy st .patrick's day !! proud to b irish heritage !! we're a good laugh us irish !! ha
kso my dad was aaallll the way down in the florida with his boss to do some work , and hes supposed to come back on friday because of sandy . ouyang our thoughts are with all of those affected by hurricane sandy . read more here :
dtn world news : timeline : germanwings flight 9525 crashes into alps : the airliner was en route from barcelona ouyang timeline : germanwings flight 9525 crashes into alps : the airliner was en route from barcelona to dusseld
happy st patricks day :d x ouyang happy st . patrick's day to mei'm a lucky girl !!
rest in piece to all the people killed during the paris attacks early hours of saturday morning , may you forever be in our hearts ouyang stop war just pray for paris
it's called st patricks day ouyang ready to go see ellie goulding !!!! happy st patricks day !!!
you don't have right to interfere in nepal . ouyang nsa chief foreign secaratery went to nepal to resolve this issue not for supervising the relief work ?
anybody know of any sweet celtic metal bands to jam to today for st patrick's day ? there's got to be some good ones out there . ouyang proud to be a guinness drinker ! - guinness drops sponsorship of new york city's st . patrick's day parade
downtown orlando !!! st . patrick day !!! ouyang photo : downtown orlando !!! st . patrick day !!!
happy st . patrick's day . have a great day and be safe :-) ouyang a celebration of alcoholism . happy st . patrick's day !
i feel like a failure . forgot it is st . patricks day and i'm irish . ouyang happy st .patrick day to all my irish friends :) xxx
who wants to go muddin after this hurricane ? ouyang i hope this hurricane comes before the morning i don't wanna go to school tomorrow
st . patrick's day in dublin great day with ouyang since it's st . patricks day can u follow me :)
. cooking corned beef and cabbage for st . patrick's day ? ouyang tell us your best st . patrick's day stories ! what makes the holiday special and truly a new york experience ?
happy st patrick's day from ukraine ouyang yo i didn't know that it was st patrick's day
only the americans would have a 'superstorm'.the love of all xl .#sandy ouyang shropshire pupils in the thick of us superstorm sandy : pupils from shropshire schools spent the nigh
30 dead in brussels terrorist attacks via ouyang prof discusses equal protection following cruz response to the brussels attacks
st . patrick's day ! green is the theme ! ouyang last one . happy st . patrick's day !
our thoughts go to everyone in paris and france . ouyang having lived in france and having been to paris numerous times , these events cut deep .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0ugxyjlo84 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ds6cxtsb8j
everybody gets fucked up together out here for st patrick's day . it's a good time ouyang will do ! will do ! a very happy st . patrick's day to you ! ;-)
klose on for gomez as well , exactly as i said ouyang miroslav klose marco reus are now : i hope them
well done ireland !!!!!in honor of irelands victory of st patricks day we have turned green ..#pureirish ouyang cowboy up tonight in dover , derough weekend for college basketball but it's a st . patrick's day
left plenty of time on the clock for brady ! ouyang left tom 2 much time brady !!!
happy st patricks day niall and everyone ouyang so guys , how are your hangovers after st patrick's day ??
our thoughts are with those affected by the boston bombings . do you have a plan in place in case an emergency ouyang incredible images of the boston bombing on a1 of nation's papers today . could spend all day dissecting the many design , headline decisions .
developing : pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash , according to officials ouyang report : pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash - cnn
mashable alert ! egyptair hijacking brings country's airport security back into ouyang egyptair hijacking brings country's airport security back into focus mashable
reports : 3 more face terror charges in brussels : authorities ordered that three rou ouyang reports : 3 more face terror charges in brussels : authorities ordered that three rounded up in sunday
last day !!!!! mega fall atv sale ! 215.712 .7433! stop in before sandy ! we have generators ! ouyang don't fuck with me this weekend , sandy . i've got way too much to do .
germany is just too good . i don't think italy can stop them ouyang heres a lil offer if italy win euro 2012 i will cut my hair like mario balotelli .
how can people genuinely vote for romney ?? obama is such a dude ouyang a vote for romney is a vote 4 god ! n against personal rights , womens privledges , n hope 4 the middle class 2 substain their financial lives
how are you celebrating st . patrick's day ? ouyang what's the point of st patrick's day if you can't drink
woke up to find out that obama is still our president ! ! ouyang with obama win a second term , i hope he too reads this .
my prayers go all to boston 3 ouyang my prayers and hope goes to everyone effected by the boston bombing . whether it is boston , bombay or bangalore it
for god has not given us a spirit of fear , but of power and of love and of a sound mind . 2 nd tim 1 :7 -we won't give in to terror !! ouyang our love and prayers for all those in brussels . god bless !!
pictures from during /after hurricane sandy in cliffwood beach , nj . ouyang we don't have enough water surrounding us to produce hurricanes . lol . but that wind and rain coming from hurricane sandy .
after sandy , everyone is just over halloween ouyang ships loaded with happy tourists in port nassau two days after sandy .
hahaha . hurricane sandy just did my neighbors dirty last might lol ouyang i survived hurricane sandy new york , ny let the cafepress swag flow ,
germanwings crash : andreas lubitz 'received treatment for depression ': via ouyang breaking : germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz had a doctor's note excusing him from work for the day of the
top of the morning happy st patricks days all ouyang cheers to a happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! drink green !
happy st .patricks day everyone - hope you have a great day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! different of !
romney has no shame . he lies like a rug . president obama will win . ouyang this is a solid bet because either way obama will take your winnings and redistribute them
take ifrane , i'll take paris ouyang french police arrest 7 after operation to get paris attacks mastermind
reuters : at least 4 hostages dead at supermarket in ouyang 4 hostages dead in paris .all in the name of religion .
if you're english and you celebrate st patricks day , you're a massive cunt . ouyang happy st patrick's dayfromfather ted
taliban group claims lahore blast suicide attack . ouyang taliban group claims lahore park attack via bbc
just did his thing at sxsw ouyang hey sxsw , where are the mobile payments ? - indeed
hope everyone has a great st . patricks day ! be safe out there .. ouyang i added a video to a playlist facts about st . patrick's day
morning .happy st patrick's day to you .. ouyang and a great st patrick's day was had by all
not quite a shamrock , but close enough - happy st . patrick's day to all ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! bog
3 generations of one family among victims in germanwings crash via ouyang latest : 3 generations of one family among victims in germanwings crash
ebola outbreak : 25 more deaths confirmed in west africa : a who statement said that sierra leone accounted for ouyang ebola outbreak in west africa could have 1,500 victims who don't know they're carriers via
8 fun facts about gaelic just in time for st . patrick's day : ouyang it's officially st . patrick's day in ireland so in honor here are the 7 top irish characters from video games !
happy st patricks day to all my laker fans who dont wear green , id like to see someone try and pinch me ouyang my awesome friends i will be doing a live st . patrick's day broadcast on i will post the time room a little later ! see you there
q isso obama q isso ouyang as examples of good speeches or bad speeches ? i thought obama's was pretty good . romney's wasn't bad .
happy st patrick's day everyone ! it may be a monday but that doesn't mean you can't still celebrate ouyang happy st .patricks day don't own any green anymore oops
yal having hurricane sandy too ? ouyang fuck sandy ! i been goin through hell for 2 weeks now , she the last thing i'm worried bout
in honor of st . patrick's day , here's some insane windsurfers riding a storm off the coast of ireland . ouyang tell me why should i care about st patrick's day ? just give me a reason
happy st .patrick's day ! it's a great day for the irish ! it's a great day for the shamrock the wearing of the green ! ouyang i've got to be honest with you i really really hate st . patrick's day
second american infected with ebola in liberia hiu ! ouyang tech wire : second american infected with ebola in liberia
china news - terrorism unlikely in germanwings crash , french officials say ouyang terrorism unlikely in germanwings crash , french officials say : as investigators reviewed one of the
happy st patrick's day - engage ! ouyang and all is back to normal in the world after a crackin st . patrick day and
when i seen pirlo step-up i said to my self this is 1 -0 italy . ouyang what a free kick from pirlo ! 1 -0
so over this sandy hurricane and its not even here yet ouyang sadly , i don't even think sandy can cancel duty
sweden have the 2 nd nicest jerseys of . worst one ? italy , hands down . ouyang it's called getting your winning colours early . :)
mehnthis ebola shit is scary af ouyang what would happen if ebola came to the united states ?
new post : making a run from ebola : jim iyke flees liberia sporting a face mask (look) ouyang !! making a run from ebola : jim iyke flees liberia sporting a face mask (look): by kol via
happy st patrick's day colin ouyang st . patrick's day in ny , a haiku
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/g9ch1bwg7v ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/8u2jbybhkv
the nation's on how hurricane sandy will affect voting . the two disasters i write about both involved voting ouyang i hope everyone made it through the hurricane ok . sorry that i have not been on during the past few days . we were
read cm catania's october newsletter includes helpful post-sandy links ouyang ok sandy . it just got personal !
hurdles slow identification of brussels attacks victims : identifying the people killed in the ouyang brussels attack : us spooks identify 'man in the hat ' who is wanted for other atrocities ^mirror
dear , please pass over typhoon hagupit . ouyang oh no !cat 5 super typhoon hagupit poised to hit philippine islands devastated by haiyan
shiit , hurricane going to hit new york thank god i'm back ! ouyang hurricane on ! i'm gladly down for a longer weekend .
pot of gold cake pops . celebrating st . patrick's day at work ouyang st . patrick's day revelers ! photograph by roy guste . how you durrin '?
chris christie and the 2016 presidential speculation | ana marie cox : post-sandy cosiness with p ouyang gaurdian : chris christie and the 2016 presidential speculation | ana marie cox : post-sandy cosiness with preside
germanwings pilot : cockpit entry locked before crash ouyang aftr germanwings crash airlines revamp security rules
i am a little bit irish , so i feel the need to say happy st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how do you celebrate this fun holiday ?
what motivated ottawa shooting rampage ?: authorities in canada are trying to understand what mo ouyang the most pressing questions about the ottawa shooting : authorities in canada are trying to understand what mot
enjoyed thanks guys happy st patricks day ! ouyang happy st patricks day to the cutest leprechaun in the world . xx . :)
hurricane sandy made a come back ouyang [sny.tv: metsblog ] mailbag : does sandy alderson have full autonomy ?
nymex will close its trading floor monday for hurricane sandy , though electronic trading will rt ouyang [autotweet] - nymex will close its trading floor monday for hurricane sandy , though electronic trading will be
my heart hurts for paris tonight . stay strong . y'all are in our thoughts and prayers ouyang paris attack , hope you are well !
broke out my green hat ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang congratulations on your book padraig and happy st patricks day .
[news] fuse to stream sxsw shady 2.0 showcase live , yelawolf no longer performing : update : 50 cent will perform ouyang hiphopdx [news] fuse to stream sxsw shady 2.0 showcase live , yelawolf no longer performing : updat
hurricane sandy will put a rickety power grid to the test via ouyang the hurricane sandy aftermath : she came , she saw , she destroyed . hurricane sandy came ashore las
yes happy st patricks day to all the wonderful people ! : ) ouyang happy st patrick's day the icing is 13 %
who went to the st . patrick's day parade in today ? ouyang early st patrick's day turnup
tbh ion even know what st .patricks day is for ouyang celebrate st patricks day by tackling like
is to day st . patricks day ? so many people are wearing green ouyang my grandma sent me a happy st . patricks day text haha
french authorities say dozens dead in paris attacks : ouyang at least 35 reported dead , 100 hostages taken in paris
my heart goes out to the soldier that has been shot ouyang soldier shot at ottawa war memorial gunman reported in parlement in ottawa .
happy st patricks day daddy ! ouyang i feel like it's been st . patrick's day forever .
rat news online : ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who ouyang ivorian refugees blocked over ebola from
st . patrick's day goodies via ouyang who's going to st . patrick's day party tomorrow ?
bangers and mash . happy st patricks day ouyang it may be snowing but we're still celebrating . happy st . patrick's day !
normality inches back at paris hospitals after facing 'surgery of war ': 221 patients still in ho ouyang normality inches back at paris hospitals after facing 'surgery of war ': 221 patients still in hospital o
good morning . my kind of coffee ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang u-g-l-y monday morning ! only thing green on st . patrick's day is the radar . drive carefully !
va beach and chesapeake split 50 /50 but norfolk and portsmouth was all obama basically . ouyang my last tweet does not mean i voted for obama
happy st patricks day . i wish we all could be the prodigals - happy man : via ouyang happy st . patrick's day folks have a good one !!!
too poor to celebrate st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! stay safe while celebrating .
'israel under renewed hamas attack ', says the bbc . more balance is needed | owen jones via ouyang 'israel under renewed hamas attack ', says the more balance is needed via
please join us in praying for those in the ottawa area . ouyang ottawa police looking for witnesses : 613 -236-1222 x5493 or 9 -1-1 or natdiv_media_divna
happy st patricks day ! may the luck of the irish shine on you today :-) ouyang happy st patrick's day to our fellow irishmen and :)
so apparently if you don't like obama , you're racist ouyang romney just said he's praying for obama to guide our nation , if we all did that we'd be set .
great turnout for the annual st patrick's day parade in henderson ouyang saint patrick you sure fucked us all up
today everyone is irish , even the bass . happy st . patricks day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! although that's not the best looking pint , is it ???
at a hotel an hour away from home . thanks sandy ouyang 2 nov 12, predicting hurricane sandy , from ieee spectrum
paris terrorist attacks : syrian refugees are victims too - communities digital news ouyang rooney : i spoke to united teammates in paris after attack
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/xcttcgt4ou ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please spread please //t.co/xod3vytf18
no matter where you're from happy st . patrick's day ! what are you listening to in your celebrations ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from financial assistance services !
have been reading and watching what's been going on in ottawa . thoughts and prayers to our northern neighbors . ouyang what happened in ottawa someone has to know
happy st . patrick's day from ga ! via ouyang st . patrick's day always wins .
happy st patrick's day from our mount dora segway blokes ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! remember to recycle !
hoping everyone on the east coast is okay and dry as hurricane sandy makes herself known . wishing you all warmth and safety . ouyang prayin for those that got hurt in the hurricane
somehow sandy gon fuck my refund from coming on time and i go to a black school which means i will get it by christmas ouyang hope you're hunkering down with sandy coming for a visit !
the world we live in , is really disappointing . ouyang on a more serious note r .i.p. for those who lost their lives today in boston . and a safe recovery for the ones injured
obama on : there's no excuse for police to use excessive force during peaceful protests ouyang - no excuse for police to use excessive force against peaceful protesters . police should not be bullying journalists .
we are open today for st patricks day , wishing all our customers a very lucky day . 01268 734612 ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! here is a clip of riverdance to get you in the mood to celebrate the big day :)
i'd love to be celebrating st . patrick's day with my special 3 ones . =[it would be the best intro ever to my ouyang she takes st . patricks day over the top , and we love her for it !
happy st patricks day to my favourite irish boy x ouyang happy st . patricks day ! celebrate with us at the social network for !
now we got a mf hurricane sandy ouyang cause of sandy my moms friend ha to leave her house and they r gonna stay with us . her husband is british . i'm done
oh ya it's st . patricks day ouyang did you have a great st patricks day ?
aljazeera news crisis talks held as ebola death toll soars : ministers from 11 african nations hold crisis meet ouyang newsgrab : crisis talks held as ebola death toll soars : ministers from 11 african nations hold crisi
i'm sorry if you got ebola you just need to take one for the team . ouyang west african airline suspends flights amid ebola scare : police officers deployed to liberia's international
that's crazy what happened in paris ouyang what happened in paris ? i keep seeing things but i have no idea o :
pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash : sourceread more ouyang pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash : source | etribune , sports
i just love the italian national anthem ouyang italy have the best national anthem . no exceptions .
wait a second , is it st patrick's day ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! we're busy with deliveries today so we can celebrate tonight . we would be remiss if
happy st . patricks day , time to drink till we drop ! ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone , come and see us at newbridge clane edenderry parades
if all the black people in america (including felons ..people currently in jail and people too young to vote ) were to vote for obama he still ouyang i rather have a black guy even if it is obama !
theirs a hurricane that's about to hit ny ouyang but wait i get to see in one weekthat's way more important than the hurricane crap
naw i'm good . last year's st . patrick's day was good enough for me ouyang trying to figure out if i want to write a st . patrick's day
another attack in brussels ?!?! god damn ouyang prayers for brussels and solutions for our world .
wine is an essential hurricane item ! drink beer from fridge first , then move onto red wine :) ouyang i am a hurricane wilma survivor .
glad to hear it ! enjoy this sunday - hopefully sandy won't be soooo bad tomorrow ouyang not such a great sunday . hurricane sandy is going to hit us . please be safe all !!
haven't we ignored all the ebola outbreaks ? ouyang u .s. doctor in liberia infected with ebola
got myself a guinness for st patricks day ouyang happy st . patricks day ..now turn up !
dr . sheik umar khan , who has leadebola fight in sierra leone , dies aftercontracting the virus - ouyang dr sheik umar khan , leading the fight against ebola in sierra leone , dies after contracting the virus sad .
brits among thousands caught in nepal earthquake ouyang kathmandu (reuters) - nepal urged countries to send aid to help it cope with the aftermath of a devastating earthquake that killed ne
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely : typhoon hagupit , which ouyang news typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely from
newswatch : new york prepares for the worst from sandy : new york prepares for the worst as two powerful ouyang news newswatch : new york prepares for the worst from sandy : new york prepares for the worst as two powe
work is going to be either really busy tonight because of st .patricks day or dead because of the weather ouyang the st patrick's day earthquake . what a green shaker .
school of sorrow : germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning fox 17 ouyang fox 17 : school of sorrow : germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning
i really hope the comes to boston . you are messing with the wrong city ouyang worst thing since the boston massacre around here ..
happy st patrick's day i can't participate bc of lent ouyang happy st . patrick's day from are you celebrating with green today ?
eight-year-old child among the dead at boston marathon bombing . crazy ! i hate hatred . sick world . ouyang justice department turns full resources to boston bombings
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/ns0rfdnnei ouyang nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/2ru2hwqasx
[news update ] | anambra braves up against ebola , warns against bush meat |via daily post ouyang say no to bush meat because ebola
we are keeping a close eye on hurricane sandy . here are three things you can do to prepare : 1 ) stock a three-day ouyang gm all - all thoughts today are with those in the path of hurricane !
happy st patricks day walking to work with no coat day ! ouyang happy st .patricks day y'all :d!
a very happy st patricks day to you ireland cricket team ouyang omg ! can't believe i got it freee ! happy st .patricks day
still no football at the penthouse , just heaven , cannot stand the game !#footballfreezone ouyang why couldn't the game have been like this from the start ?
craft beers for st patrick's day ouyang cody's st patricks day party .
energy self-sufficiency in the u .s. is a pipe dream , so buy energy service companies : hurricane sandy disrupted ouyang markets news - energy self-sufficiency in the u .s. is a pipe dream , so buy energy service companies : hurricane s
obama is just so cute hsnskge ouyang well obama will take the lead during the day tomorrow until all the republicans get off of work . hahaha
i'm now referring to myself as hurricane sandy . ouyang what the fuk did sandy do to yo ass ?
((noticias sin )) the latest on nepal quake : thousands try to leave kathmandu : thousands line up at bus stations in kathmandu in bid t ouyang ((lifestylenews)) the latest on nepal quake : thousands try to leave kathmandu : thousands line up at bus stations in kathmandu in bid
i heard was celebrating st patrick's day ouyang i so wish i was celebrating at . patricks day in savannah
at sxsw - if your here as well let me know if ya want to hook up ouyang at sxsw ? yes we must hook up . when you getting into town
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! stay safe and warm !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! keep it greenand organic !!
now that obama's won , let's get back to the important discussion . son of sardaar or jab tak hai jaan or bheje me goli ? ouyang s /o to the states that won , so in other words , fuck my state
wear with your this morning call it an !happy st .patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! we are taking a little break this upcoming weekend , but we will be back at it on
we need the backgrounds of the pilots now . if it's a 'lone wolf ' terrorist we need to act before others get similar ideas . ouyang : stop covering up the identity of the pilots .
video : 'terrifying night ' as homes hit by typhoon : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the phil ouyang video : 'terrifying night ' as homes hit by typhoon : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippines , to
he was a canadian soldier who died at the shooting today in ottawa ouyang gunman kills canadian soldier in ottawa
st . patrick's day give-a-away ! //t.co/rfto1zrldo ouyang celtic pandora on at work ? yes its st . patrick's day :-d
superstorm leaves manhattan in the dark : superstorm sandy slammed into the new jersey coastline - from cbn news ouyang superstorm leaves manhattan in the dark : superstorm sandy slammed into the new jersey coastline with 80 mph wind
i have a green sprossling that i wear on st patrick's day too . :) ouyang i wish i had my hair out , cus it's green st patricks day tomorrow .
the world is not fucked up . paris is full of undesirables . rip all the dead . we'll all live . ouyang thoughts are with those all affected in paris right now , awful news
anonymous reportedly shut down thousands of isis twitter accounts in response to paris a ouyang anonymous reportedly shut down thousands of isis twitter accounts in response to paris attacks : anonymous rece
otb : new york marathon diverts scarce resources after sandy ouyang new at otb : new york marathon diverts scarce resources after sandy
my god this st patrick's day in dublin was awesome !! and back in dublin this week end for the electric run ! =( ouyang i could've got drunk for st . patricks day if i knew we weren't having class
greatdeal african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces ouyang african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented ebo
happy st patricks day to all our lovely irish guests ; and the ones that 'want to be '!!! ouyang happy st patrick's day to my favourite irish man :)
happy st . patrick's day ! you should have scored at least 2 goals against ethnikos but you were unlucky .find a 4 leaf clover ouyang happy st patricks to nigeria too , may you all find your pot of gold , at the end of the rainbow ..
heard abt the again ! stay strong nepal ! ouyang another earthquake in nepal ? too much .
wearing teal for st . patricks day ouyang to all of our friends , happy st . patrick's day !
i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day for the longest time .. ouyang now this is some st . patrick's day shit right here :
st patrick's day proves good omen for the irish by ouyang did st patricks day right , remember sod all and woke up next to a big green irish hat
you know who doesn't know or care if you're safe from the nepal earthquake the people who still got family and friends dying ouyang marking urself 'safe' on fb from the nepal earthquake is really disgusting
it's cold in florida there's a hurricane in new york ouyang really though .we couldn't come up with a better name then hurricane
germanwings crash : andreas lubitz crashed the plane 'intentionally': french pr ouyang germanwings crash : andreas lubitz crashed the plane 'intentionally': french prosecutor robin brice says co-pil
happy st patrick's day to you derek ouyang thank you for organizing our second st . patrick's day !
pray for those that were affected by hurricane sandy . may god be with them and their families . ouyang the second-largest refinery on the u .s. east coast suffered some flooding and a power outage from hurricane sandy ,
st . patrick's day bagpipes from milwaukee lakefront ouyang i wish i was in kindergarten on st . patricks day .
happy st . patricks day has a great doodle as usual ouyang scs would like to wish everyone a happy and safe st . patrick's day !!
sodapp 11 : death toll from nepal earthquake surpasses 2,200 ouyang josetweeting : death toll from nepal earthquake surpasses 2,200
britons should be alert but not alarmed , uk home secretary theresa may says in wake of paris attacks ouyang is there video from is .before or after for paris latest developement
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/a3ugib185splz read sign ? ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vyop81b9xy
fed gov spending at 4.2 billion every day . this needs to stop . vote romney . ouyang if you over 18 and not registered to vote the means you voting for mitt romney .
pukhtunkhwa times : huge hurricane sandy bears down on east coast ouyang these hurricane sandy accounts arent funny
after paris attacks , pentagon quietly shifts to new phase of isis war : the islamic state grou ouyang after paris attacks , pentagon quietly shifts to new phase of isis war : the islamic state group's ferocio -adan
just under 100 votes in inverclyde . thats how right this is . ouyang jings yes didn't even pick up inverclyde ?
update : all attackers are believed to be dead said head of paris police , tweeted . ouyang a cambodian restaurant was also attacked in paris
is your hair funky colours for st patricks day or nah ouyang st patricks day today ! going to look out for shamrock / four leaf clovers , have a good pint and a good day x
a lament for boston : can i ever go home again ? ouyang boston celtics beat orlando magic for ideal match up with new york knicks - rant sports
thoughts and prayers are with everyone on the east coast . hope grandma held on tight !#sandy ouyang oh yearh . i blame sandy
it's not going to be obama's fault anymore ; it's the people's . ouyang damn there's so many trends for obama :
happy st . patrick's day ! have fun and be safe during the festivities ! ouyang happy st patricks day by the way
huge nepal quake triggers 18 moderate tremors : the intensity of tremors that have hit nepal can be gauged by the fact that after the ouyang huge nepal quake triggers 18 moderate tremors : the intensity of tremors that have hit nepal can
countdown to belanda vs denmark :d ouyang interesting ! denmark vs holland , who do you think will win ?
dtn usa : eagles of death metal members escape paris terror attack : the members of the american rock band eagle ouyang entertainment : eagles of death metal members escape paris terror attack : the members of the am
there was a tragedy in boston today , yes , but remember kids at home have tragedies of their own everyday . if you send prayers , send for all . ouyang i'd like to know how many of you will actually pray for boston tonight .. it's not just a trend , prayer has a meaning ..use it !
last day of ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang last of it's st . patricks day .it's gonna be crazy but i'm ready for it !
my team germany vs portugal ouyang can't wait for germany v portugal today !
holy cow . i've been so out of touch today . just finding out about the ottawa shootings . prayers thoughts for everyone involved :( ouyang our soldier , gunman killed in ottawa shooting !! rip !!
looks likely the czech's have bounced the greeks out of the euro's .. ouyang full-time . important 3 points for czech .
such a great photo ! happy st patrick's day to you both xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! don't forget to get your green on !
i hope obama make it so i will me able to get foodstamps ouyang we all knew that obama was gonna win the female vote the minute he sang al green
sandy bringing life-threatening storm surge : hurricane sandy is barreling its way northeast , ouyang cnn happening now : sandy bringing life-threatening storm surge : hurricane sandy is barreling its way northeast ,
[abcnews] crew , some passengers remain on hijacked plane : there are still some passengers and members of the c ouyang ( ) crew , some passengers remain on hijacked plane : there are still some passeng ( )
nah it's st . patricks day why would you be drunk right now ? ouyang here we go ! st . patrick's day parade on online now !
mayors boycott st . patrick's day parades : boston mayor martin walsh has made up his mind -- he will ouyang fr mayors boycott st . patrick's day parades : boston mayor martin walsh has made up his mind -
its still st patricks day come have sex with me since you're irish and all . ouyang in montreal , st . patrick's day is tomorrow .
nepal villagers jam small himalayan town , demanding more help after major earthquake ouyang : nepal villagers jam small himalayan town , demanding more help after major earthquake via
this man makes my st patrick's day ! xx ouyang more into traditional irish fare than college sized hangovers ? tonight's saint patrick's day celebration is for you :
i baked this st . patrick's day cake today . ouyang st . patrick's day parade was so bomb
good morning from scotland - still part of the united kingdom . ouyang scotland has voted no ! just proves that the united kingdom is !!
oh , happy st patricks day from and the rest of wave !! ouyang ciroc and oj with my baby ! :) happy st patricks day .
such a great response to the sydney hostage situation ouyang the sydney siege is making me sick .
liberians in us worry about ebola outbreak : ebola not distant threat for liberians in us ; outbreak ouyang (#teambrianmundial) liberians in us worry about ebola outbreak : ebola not distant threat f (#teambrianmundial)
officially st patricks day . here we go . ouyang happy st .patricks day everyone x
5 emergency apps to download before hurricane sandy hits [video] via be prepared ouyang i just wanna go home , fuck you sandy
just finished what a small percentage of the world can do - voted for the next potus . have you voted yet ? ouyang everyone be sure to go out and today ! every vote counts so be sure to exercise your right !
so sad to hear about the shootings and explosion in paris . ouyang how is that match being finished in paris . more important things .
obama won ;; now get the fuck over it . ouyang i say we just make obama president of canada too . our pm is weak anyways . they have to leave our health care alone tho .
waking up at 6 am to vote . doing it for you obama *gives dab * ouyang since i can impersonate obama and can't romney , i'm voting obama . more $ to be made . right , ?
rainy st patrick's day parade ouyang happy st . patrick's day appleton !
happy st .patrick day !!! can't wait to be off and get a cold green beer into me ouyang happy saint patrick's day to all my friends and family at home !! have a few green beers for me !!
ebola takes heavy toll on health workers with at least 50 dead : the ebola virus continues its grim ouyang ebola takes heavy toll on health workers with at least 50 dead via
who would your england team be for tonight ? ouyang football fans , england vs sweden what we saying ? score predictions please !
belgian broadcaster identifies 2 suspects in attacks : brussels (ap) -- belgian state broadcaster r (ap) ouyang belgian broadcaster identifies 2 suspects in attacks : brussels (ap) -- belgian state broadcaster rtbf h
see this : new york city subways to shut down as sandy approaches - wall street journal [a link in my bio ] ouyang let see this ! new york city subways to shut down as sandy approaches - wall street journal (a link in my bio )
first american killed in paris identified as california college student | fox news ouyang my prayers goes out to paris ! my thoughts and prayers for all those affected
npr news : death , sex and a glimmer of hope : reporting on ebola from sierra leone ouyang death , sex and a glimmer of hope : reporting on ebola from sierra leone : how does a town cope with
shots fired inside office of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo ouyang shots fired inside charlie hebdo office
my prayers are goin out to the ppl that live in new york city or anywhr in that area where hurricane sandy is suppo ouyang all because of sandy-y-y-y-y *singing*
these stories from the boston marathon break my heart ouyang world boston marathon explosions : hunt for clues : sky's foreign editor tim marshall explains how the
managed to persuade ballack to defend england during the half . knew lalas wasn't going to do it . ouyang the ref for england v france (itv)
live : 10 dead , 30 injured in explosions at brussels , belgium ouyang thinking of everyone in brussels . just dreadful , yet again x
happy st . patricks day !!! one of my favorite days of the year ! ouyang what you got on for at patricks day clemmie ? we wanna know
happy st .patrick's day proud to b ouyang thanks ! borrowed it from my son . happy st . patrick's day
belgian police carry out brussels raids related to paris attacks : brussels (reuters) - belgian police carried ouyang (en) belgian police carry out brussels raids related to paris attacks
-national emergency has been called in france - hundreds are being held captive by extremists in paris ouyang dam paris is going crazy right now
at sxsw ? because paul carr is , launching his book today at bookpeople in austin via ouyang at sxsw ? because paul carr is , launching his book today at bookpeople in aus via
i'm like 400 km from sydney and i'm shitting myself . praying for everyone there ! xx ouyang handy live thread on reddit re sydney hostage situation : and reg thread :
happy st . patrick's day to all . make luck be with you today !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at cowpokes !!
world trade center redevelopment : hurricane sandy floods wtc with 15 to 30 feet of water : crain's reports that h ouyang new numbers : 27 deaths in the new york area from hurricane sandy
we are open , happy st .patricks day . ouyang session starting with a happy st .patricks day !
torres tackled by the keeper who didn't even go to ground when 1 on 1 .. is this life ?! lol ouyang buffon full of experiencehe knew what torres would do
our dublin team is seeing green :-) happy st . patrick's day from everyone at ouyang hello are you wearing green today ? we are ! sort of ;-) have a fantastic st patrick's day !
hurricane sandy , a drenching reminder that tough times inspire remarkable innovation via ouyang hurricane sandy , a drenching reminder that tough times inspire remarkable innovation : half my town is crammed in
in wake of sandy , a 'cruise to nowhere ' from baltimore : the cancellation of the carnival pr | favoritecityguides ouyang in wake of sandy , a 'cruise to nowhere ' from baltimore : the cancellation of the carnival pride's sailing on sund
my thoughts and prayers to those in paris . hate is never the answer . ouyang prayers to the people of paris france , remain strong .
david cameron congratulates 'my friend barack obama ' as he wins second term in white house : david cam ouyang david cameron congratulates 'my friend barack obama ' as he wins second term in white house : david cameron warmly
happy st patrick's day back at ya ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day - have a great day everyone who is celebrating !
see the people who had contact with the ebola victim that died in lagos ouyang see the people who had contact with the ebola victim that died in lagos via
happy st . patrick's day ! here's a little funny to brighten your day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day !!! i'm irish and proud of it !!!!
kathmandu witnesses continuous rainfall since late last night . ouyang kathmandu witnesses continuous rain since late last night .
yahoo legal news : sandy frees 2 panthers in fla .: two young panthers are being hunted in yu ouyang dtn korean news : sandy frees 2 panthers in fla .: two young panthers are being hunted in yulee , fla ., after they
for st patricks day ??..that's what heard from mr rabbit ouyang guys monday is st patrick's day
happy st patrick's day ! make sure you have a guinness and some soda bread ouyang happy st patrick's day !! sharing the luck .
if my great nan was still around st . patricks day would be so different , miss her so much . ouyang happy st patrick's day as well :-)
retweeted quartz france responded to the paris attacks by bombing syria ouyang what will come after paris , via
ohhh st . patrick's day .., i love you . ouyang you get more excited for st . patrick's day than christmas
a pagan celebration of st . patrick's day : seven or eight years ago , i shocked a large group of my pagan friend ouyang new progrim ! to satiate your appetite for talk radio during your st . patrick's day drinking !
turn down for what ! happy st . patricks day ! ouyang two book's for st . patrick's day
took the day off work but woke up sick . happy st patricks day to me . ouyang happy st . patricks day . wish i could celebrate it right but i gotta work all day .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/z1nssurmtd ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/inrp2jethn
mayor of london presentsst patrick's day parade 2013 ouyang thanks for confirmation , happy st patricks day !
over 150 killed in monstrous terror attacks across paris : moscow -- gunmen opened fire in multiple paris locat ouyang it's not only an attack against paris , it's an attack against humanity
no problem thank you for the follow . happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patrick 's day lol really cool :p he has styles i think !
contributed to red cross to help victims of sandy . unbelievable devastation ! wish we could do more . prayers are with them . ouyang think hurricane sandys come to manchester
ebola kills top doctor in liberia , official says - monrovia , liberia ; one of liberia's most high-profile d ouyang ebola kills top doctor in liberia , official says - monrovia , liberia ; one of liberia's most high-profi
sandy come back , i don't want to do marketing ouyang china spared from hurricane sandy's destruction
riot police battle to restore order as thousands try to leave kathmandu . | via ouyang riot police battle to contain crowds trying to leave kathmandu
today : portugal vs denmark and holland vs germany ouyang portugal to finally beat denmark later !
omg !!!! again earthquake hits our country , nepal . ouyang another earthquake has hit nepal , devastatingly . please donate anything you can :
hi mary are you safe after sandy . ! ouyang thanks but sandy was a few days ago
imo this ones a tricky fixture for germany . if italy score first they sure can protect the lead . ouyang schweinsteiger and germany are about to punish italy !
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at foley's ny ! ouyang baileys in my coffee happy st patricks day homos
exo at kolon sports nepal donation event-pic . to : iridescent 0412 - ouyang 150515 exo at kolon sport nepal donations event
:imhartyz wenger 'in shock ' after paris : arsene wenger says he was left in shock as he watc ouyang wenger 'in shock ' after paris : arsene wenger says he was left in shock as he watched friday's paris attacks unfold from a hotel room
yeah thats it .i also think it was a tragic thing in paris but nobody's doing this # for iraq , syria , palestine ouyang praying for paris . prayer is not everything but changes everything
[ ] intelligence officials look for al-qaeda link in charlie hebdo attack : before thei [ ] ouyang intelligence officials look for al-qaeda link in charlie hebdo attack : before their bloody attack on the french satirical magazine ch
did ya know st . patrick was a brit , kidnapped by irish pirates before becoming a saint ? tonight , raise a green beer and toast a pirate . ouyang st . patrick's day martini madness
i hope the people on ottawa are okay ouyang at the raptors vs maccabi haifa game . security is definitely increased after today's events in ottawa .
happy st patricks day and all my irish family xxx ouyang this little leprechaun and best baby wish you a happy st . patrick's day !
: israeli airstrike reported in middle area , injuries reported ouyang israeli airstrike targets nijim family house in alnusierat refugee camp
hurricane outside . shit that ain't about to stop me from working out . about to go put in some work in a few . ouyang hurricane sandy blows u .s. election off course : washington , oct 28 (reuters) - hurricane sandy blew the u .s.pre h
sophia's first st patricks day ouyang [st. patrick's day ]normal people : [goes clubbing and has a few drinks and gets drunk ]me : [sits behind a computer screen all day ]
happy st . patrick's everyone ! see you al this friday march 21 st at arena !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! r u wearing green today ?!?!#notpinchingme
celebrating st . patrick's day with coffee drinks . ouyang today is st . patrick's day and irish coffee day
tropical storm hagupit batters philippines , killing at least 21 : the deadly storm that battere ouyang tropical storm hagupit batters philippines , killing at least 21 : the deadly storm that bat
thoughts prayers go out to people in the east coast being affected by hurricane sandy . ouyang please say prayers for the people affected by hurricane sandy
oh whar ? it's st patricks day ouyang da gone drop that st patrick's day
happy st . patrick day everybody 3 ouyang happy st patricks day ! :-) are you doing anything to celebrate ?
long story short : i'm the st patrick's day grinch but i don't wear green ouyang oh and tomorrow is st . patricks day hahahahahahah
well just admit that you were wrong . obama won more states . just because you saw more red doesn't mean romney won . ouyang noup . obama . just you think about it
i still don't understand why people would support obama ? he is an awful president ! ouyang obama gives me chills when he speaks .
obama still has his jordan's on . because that's what winners do . ouyang and now president , two term president , obama mentions climate change
happy st patrick's day tweeple ! ouyang st patricks day can fuck off for all i care
cnn : obama garnering support and praise for how he is responding to super storm hurricane sandy . ouyang hurricane sandy : the superstorm via impresionante !!!!
happy st . patrick's day !!!! pub restaurant w / ouyang it's st . patrick's day in the south my kid has a 3 hr delay tomorrow for winter weather . mother nature , now you're just being hateful .
all this talk about hurricane sandy made me forget that halloween is tmrw !! ouyang writing in hurricane sandy is strong vote
i went to spain-italy drama class and a soccer match broke out . ouyang seductive game from spain v italy so far . these teams know how to get a tournament going
hey - profiting from human misery is not on . it's time to get get out of manus and nauru ouyang hey profiting from human misery is not on . it's time to get out of and
damn hurricane sandy is gonna put the taco bells out of powerno free taco day for east coast ! ouyang am i the only one who didn't know about a hurricane sandy
that's awesome happy st patrick's day ouyang the pogues - fiesta . happy st . patrick's day my way ! :)
it's not actually st patrick's day til monday . amateurs . ouyang if you really want to boast about the fact that you're irish then you should probably know what the actual reason of st . patrick's day is
happy st . patrick's day from the cows ! ouyang happy st patrick's day , may the luck o ' the irish be with you all !
fco latest : hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy is affecting a large area of the north east usa . alun hill , mcij ouyang stop rushing sandy , she coming .
st . patrick's day is a great day knowing that you are irish . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! may you have the luck of the irish and many green beers !
paris was left reeling after deadly terror attacks friday night killed more than 100 peop ouyang all my thoughts are with paris people .
i wish sandy would get her ass back here . ouyang it kilt me when sandy used that hair dryer
hurricane sandy is the beginning of the end of the world lolol ouyang looks like god answered your prayer about romney not getting elected . hurricane candy might affect the polls in favour of bo .
stevie wonder performs surprise concerts for obama in ohio : the motown legend sang at a small street concert in cleveland and at a pa ouyang industryheads - stevie wonder performs surprise concerts for obama in ohio : the motown legend sang at a small str
my thoughts prayers go out to paris and everywhere tonight . everyone please stay safe . sending so much love from america ouyang it saddens my heart to see the horrifying act ! our prayers are with paris !
can nepal's economy be rebuilt ?: can nepal pick up the pieces and get back to business ? ouyang business news : can nepal's economy be rebuilt ?: can nepal pick up the pieces and get back to business ?
opinion : obama must engage business ouyang opinion : obama must engage business via [cnn int .]
lord lol happy st . patricks day to you too ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! a couple things coming up this week . friday is the last day for easter candy sales .
italy is going to win looll germans can go home now ouyang because you prefer germany to italy
some mess in town after the st . patrick's weekend ! ouyang how lucky can i get on a st . patricks weekend - hollowmikes
national news : eye opener : mission to find survivors in nepal : your world in 90 seconds . ouyang eye opener : mission to find survivors in nepal *not news
everyone in paris stay safe pls my thoughts are with you ouyang thoughts are with paris , hope everyone stays as safe as possible .
thoughts go out to everyone in paris - from watrb ouyang hard to watch news as american . harder to watch as a parent . heart is aching for paris .
16 hours , 3 dead including the gunman . sydney and australia as a whole has seen sadness that we can only ouyang after yesterday's tragedy in sydney let's be kinder to each other
happy st . patrick's day from all of us in salem ouyang st . patrick's day fast facts , ,
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/flr9g70sl2 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ldewxxic1z
follow the aftermath : hurricane sandy ravages east coast , millions left without power [photos]: de ouyang the aftermath : hurricane sandy ravages east coast , millions left without power [photos]: despite being downgrade
i'm not from america but i still want obama to win ouyang obama 4 president . obama for president . obama 4 president . obama for president . obama 4 president . obama
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency mee via ouyang crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting in via bbci
everyone is retweeting the hurricane sandy account so ,,, ouyang suggest that for the next hurricane , since they do go in alphabetical order .
happy st . patrick's day from kidspirit ! ouyang happy st patrick's day theo i love you
happy saints patricks day mfs ouyang happy st . patrick's day - make it a good one !
my condolences to as a turk i know what it's like to live with ouyang it's saddening to know that young muslims r living with the stigma of them being the terrorists bc of how the media portrays
my prayers and heart felt thoughts with the families of the paris attacks . ouyang what to expect after paris terror attacks
really , st . patricks day is your fav ? ouyang i will never celebrate st patricks day
we celebrated st patrick's day with family in sc !! ouyang this guy thanked us for coming in on st . patrick's day in his speech today .
is it too soon to dig into my hurricane provisions ? ouyang strong winds and power outages likely monday into tuesday .the remnants of hurricane sandy will track westward in
cities around the world light up for paris ouyang stand with paris stand also with , , , with all the oppressediif you are sincere in your humanity
i can't believe obama won the election . well it looks like we're all gonna be even more broke than we already are . ouyang it's funny looking at people say obama won then i hate school , he wants to make school go longer into the summer for your info .
wishing everyone a safe and happy st . patrick's day from airstrip ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! did u try 's shamrock cheeses ???
happy st . patrick's day . now time to go make this money off these drunks . ouyang happy st .patrick's day ! get your tickets for tonight's celebration !
st patrick's day .early start .new addition . ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! i might get myself some guinnes .
i had these for breakfast so i think i'm killing it this st . patrick's day ouyang hi niall , what will you do on st . patrick day's ? :)
goodbye sydney and hello korea ! :d ouyang first phil hughes , then sydney hostages now this .. :(
prayers go out to the people of boston , may the perpetrators be found and dealt with ! ouyang my prayers go out to all the people affected by the explosion at the boston marathon
pray for boston wtf guys also pray for afghanistan i see no one tweeting about soldiers dying and bombs going off ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to the victim of boston .
im too goth to participate in st patricks day ouyang its st patricks day lmao
happy st . patrick's day from askpatty via askpatty ouyang happy st . patrick's day and have a great monday !
reports that the police operation at the paris concert hall where up to 100 hostages were being held , is now over . ouyang : police say the assault on paris concert hall with hostages is over , at least 2 attackers killed .
youngest's update ::: after sandy , canceled flights but no airport chaos : not long ago , a big storm pounding the ouyang after sandy , canceled flights but no airport chaos : not long ago , a big storm pounding the northea
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vbmue91jpt ouyang europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gqp47hm3i5
happy st . patricks day to all my irish friends and acquaintances especially ouyang drank too much this past week to celebrate st patricks day
st . patrick's day at raglan road ouyang we've only seen one fight tonight we're doing st . patrick's day wrong !!
g + liberian man in lagos is being tested for ebolaaccording to reuters a liberian man in his 40 s is being ouyang g + liberian man in lagos is being tested for ebolaa liberian man in his 40 s is being tested for ebola
happy st patrick's day to our page followers ..i've been thinking about my irish ancestors , do you have a ouyang mrs . freeman and miss faulkner are in the st . patrick's day spirit !
some coins just fell out of my sock happy st . patricks day ! ouyang a very happy st patricks day to all our followers !
this means romney has to leave the country , right ? ouyang maury voice * in the case of this country romney you are not the president .. (8)party rockers in the houuse tonig
i hope this hurricane thing makes the mall close tomorrow so i don't have to go to work . ouyang hurricane sandy , don't hurt nobody just keep somebody outta school for a minute , ya feel me ??
i wish my boyfriend was here for the hurricane ouyang there are sports and hurricane games going on and i'm waiting for this woman to reveal her storage hoard to her man and get dat ass spanked !
what do i even do on st patrick's day every year ? i think my sims will go out instead ouyang it's st . patrick's day , niggas getting pinched
no leads by 13,438 votes so far but long way to go ouyang clackmannanshire blazes the trail as 54 % vote no while yes trails with 46 %
congratulations ! four more years obama ! go ! ouyang obama won , so today should be a good day .
there is only one doctor that has being discovered to cure this deadly disease called 'ebola virus'he's name is ouyang world about to end from ebola and we never got heists in gta
an innovator is someone who wakes up to the constraints caused by false assumptions and breaks out of them . via ouyang innovator : someone who breaks out of constraints caused by false assumptions , not creates something from nothing . at sxsw .
time for some with but for this match go ! ouyang time for match 2 of the day , portugal against germany , should be a great game :d
heartbreaking to see what is happening in brussels right now ouyang likes of gulzar will also suprt brussels bmbers stating tht they make europe safe by exposng security lapses !
come on the !! even the coin toss is so american !! ouyang yes , i won the coin toss !
add in your prayers who has affected by the in nepal ouyang earthquake m5 .0, nepal , sat 25 apr 2015 13 :47:01 utc +05:30, pics
bbc | brussels airport closed until tuesday : brussels international airport will not reopen before tuesday , authorities say , followin ouyang bbc : brussels airport closed until tuesday : brussels international airport will not reopen before tuesday , aut
yes . hurricane sandy . it's all because patrick made fun of texas . ouyang hurricane sandy - a survey of chaos and perfection on the east coast : a survey of chaos and via
ngl , eventhough i support spain overall , italy really deserves to win against them , should they make the final ouyang and just like that italy's little mr t sees germany off
stay healthy 2 watch the ! clean ur office germ hot spots such as mouse ,keyboard,cell & desk .cold&flu can liv ouyang stay healthy to watch the ! clean your office germ hot spots such as your mouse , keyboard ,cellphone & desk .co
brexit warnings and brussels arrest : health and terrorism are invoked as reasons why britain ff ouyang brexit warnings and brussels arrest : health and terrorism are invoked as reasons why britain should stay
sxsw panel heats up over big data privacy concerns : a sunday afternoon panel designed to address he via ouyang sxsw panel heats up over big data privacy concerns : a sunday afternoon panel designed to address hea lr =u1281182
happy st patrick's day lindsay :) have an awesome day ouyang happy st . patricks day planetfitnessmiami fitness
day 12 ! st patricks day drinks !! :) ouyang data digger wants to wish you ! a happy st . patrick's day !.
watching the horrifying hurricane sandy damage to jersey shore on nbc ouyang in case you were wondering i died during the hurricane so there's that
thoughts and prayers with everyone impacted in boston ouyang deeply saddened by the events of today . i used to call boston home so i have many friends still there and the
before it ends happy st patrick's day ouyang happy saint patrick's day bitches !!! v's )
in other more important news god bless the people of paris . ouyang no breaking news about paris terrorism on tv in japan very disappointment for this country .
mz karma world news an 8 -minute descent to death - for the 150 people on board germanwings flight 9525, they were ouyang revolt world news an 8 -minute descent to death - for the 150 people on board germanwings flight 9525, they were th
the latest on the terror raid in paris overnight . ouyang who is this paris rose adding me and following me on everything ?!?!?
spinach soup and vino at soup vino restaurant ; green soup and wine count as a st patrick's day celebration , right ? ouyang brandon weeden is a cowboy , happy st patricks day lmao
was john daly celebrating st .patricks day or the fleg protest today ?#dilema ouyang happy st . patrick's day from framework !
you showed interest in the tfsa shirts , i wanted to let you know you can get them here : ouyang you showed interest in the tfsa shirts , i wanted to let you know you can get one here :
happy st patrick's day . we're green !!! ouyang wow , what a great way to celebrate st . patrick's day .
always tough for candidate , but glad to be hearing romney concession . ;-) ouyang romney done took some serious l's
st patrick's day and iv not got anything green , ah well ouyang happy st . patrick's day every body . x
'i'm just worried ': photographer reflects on paris attacks : on friday , a series of terrorist ouyang breaking 'i'm just worried ': photographer reflects on paris attacks : on friday , a series of terroris
happy st patricks day everybody :) how is everyone ? ouyang i feel like social media is trying reeeally hard to tell me st . patrick's day is today .
commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm sandy ripp ouyang commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm sand
'how i met your mother ' reunites cast spouses as end draws near : neil patrick harris , cobie smulders and a ouyang 'how i met your mother ' reunites cast spouses as end draws near : neil patrick harris , cobie smulders and alyson hannigan all welcome
homesilverlake for st . patricks day !!!see you on monday !!! ouyang oops . what are you doing ? celebrating st patricks day ?
right poland . in the words of delia smith ouyang poland 1 -0 russia come on poland !:)
just tired of seeing ignorance . i'm not saying you should or shouldn't vote for obama or romney but dear god get educated . ouyang we all tucked if obama losses
toi - second coming of obama : india relieved , but clouds loom over outsourcing : with new delhi embracing economic ouyang second coming of obama : india relieved , but clouds loom over outsourcing : with new delhi embracing economic refo
sxsw 2012 . next year - hrer i come ouyang here's a video of kylee swenson (song of siren ) of singing with jesus and mary chain at sxsw . so sick !
tomorrow on delivers first touch and names the breakout stars of . tell your friends . ouyang tomorrow on delivers first touch and names the breakout stars of
happy st patrick's day and wishing you a day filled with the ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone . cheers and may the luck of the irish be with you :)
aysha nicole photography st . patrick's day flash sale !! book a portrait session by 5 pm tomorrow (march 18 ), and ouyang we on one ! lol . celebrating st . patricks day !
we're all riders on sandy today ouyang boutta turn up with hurricane sandy
romney kept it classy , good for him . ouyang is it just me or did the rest of the world want obama reelected more so than romney elected
sucks that all these strongly opinionated sophomores aren't voting the election romney would win by a landslide no doubt ouyang i will vote 4 romney ,but she is my inspirationpalin : 'we will succeed in this so help us god '
heavily armed police storm the sydney cafe where several hostages are being held . ouyang heavily armed police storm sydney hostage crisis cafe
starting the day with our famous green and white omelette for st .patricks day !? ouyang happy saint patricks day !!wear your green or be pinched !
the show must go on . prepping for a reading today in dc as hurricane sandy looms . ouyang so i was taking hurricane sandy lightly but all the windows on my island are boarded up and were the only ones who haven't done so .
evangelicals have different responses to paris attacks . ouyang have u seen their response to the paris attacks it's sick
happy st . patrick's day to all ! have a great day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . love patrick
nepal earthquake please pray for nepal ouyang 1,935 indians evacuated from nepal : 1,935 indians evacuated from nepal
video : anatomy of the deadly sydney siege via ouyang rip a man and women killed in the sydney siege :( thoughts go out to their loved ones !:(
obama won so were fucked . just like the past 4 years its been straight hell right ? now ill be able to afford to continue my education . fuck ouyang the fact that my school made sure i knew all gold everything before i left that watch whether obama won or not is just
should i wear my obama shirt tomorrow or wednesday .. when he wins ? ouyang i just tryna get my voice heard for president barack obama tomorrow that is all !
early prediction italy going to beat spain ouyang my prediction is a 1 -0 spain win
romney called president obama to concede the presidential race and is appearing on stage now for final speech . ouyang thought what romney said was really classy when he congratulated the president .
rough start to the day . netherlands lost , and i hate portugal and am afraid of germany so i can't root for anyone in game two ouyang by the way , have i mentioned how heinous i think the logo is ?
international manhunt underway for paris attacks suspect : an international manhunt is underway for ouyang an excellent reminder of who is really responsible for the paris attack ..
who's hungover ? cheers to the best st-patrick's day ever ! ouyang i had the best st patricks day ever
i know obama's great an ' all , but jeez , calm it like ! ouyang politics : obama , romney tie in dixville notch vote (reuters): share with friends : | | politics - top stories s
happy st patricks day people from chateau fakra ! ouyang happy st patricks day :-)hh -joe67-
oh it was st patricks day yesterday ouyang may the st . patrick's day food keep coming !
australian police say three dead , four hurt in sydney siege ouyang donald trump : sydney siege 'will happen in this country '
brb downloading a bunch of games so i won't be bored during this hurricane . ouyang what's the status there , any hurricane likely to come ?????
live video : authorities respond 2 hostage situation in sydney's martin place district - via ouyang this sydney thing is so intense , i hope everyone is okay
toii nepal earthquake : super jets globemaster and super hercules prove their worth in gold : india inducted the ouyang nepal earthquake : super jets globemaster and super hercules prove their worth in gold : india inducted the expe
guinness pulls sponsorship of new york st . patrick's day parade : what's a st . patrick's day parade without gui ouyang patrick please dress like a leprechaun
these hurricane watches getting on my nerves ouyang hello everyone . anyone out there in the crosshairs if hurricane sandy ? download and print out a tempest to
happy st . patrick's (tump) day ? is it today ? ouyang click here to enter to win a $50 gift card to all you have to do is play our fun st . patrick's day game !!
s leone hunts seized ebola patient - a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freetown , for a ouyang s leone hunts seized ebola patient - a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freetown , for a woman w
my heart and thoughts go out to all the people in boston who's been affected by this terrible incident what is wrong with this world x ouyang rt to show your love for what happened in boston
look up ! happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day !!!!!!!!!!!! ahashahahahah
i'd rather have that . did you do anything for st patrick's day ? ouyang i forgot yesterday was even st . patrick's day ..
oh my goodness . my thoughts and prayers go out to nepal . ouyang my heart and prayers go out to those in nepal .
so sad thinking of all those thousands caught up in hurricane sandy :( ouyang conodoguinet creek dumps hurricane sandy rainwater into the susquehanna river at west fairview , pa .
relive the greening of the chicago river for st . patrick's day . the river was dyed on saturday . few people know ouyang peep peep i know almost easter also also happy st . patrick's day
i wish we had a st patrick's day parade ! my store is on the parade route and i throw parade parties for my clients . ouyang a little late for mardi gras but just in time for st . patricks day
special hurricane hurricane sandy leaves 17 million people in fema disaster areas - huffington post : b sandy ouyang hurricane sandy leaves 17 million people in fema disaster areas - huffington post : baltimore sun (blog)hurri
happy st patrick's day from the manpower ireland team !, ouyang very true indeed . happy st patrick's day x
are you celebrating st . patrick's day with merrimack apparel ? stop by tomorrow morning to get a festive warrior ouyang are you feelin ' lucky punk ? well you should be with 15 % off site wide through st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at nsixty !! ouyang happy st .patricks day , happy holi and happy monday to all my friends !!
bam 1 -0 russia smackin it again ouyang dzagoev again !!! russia 1 -0 poland
i so happy that obama won !! ouyang obama is black how bout tht one
after having off for hurricane sandy i finally go back for one day then its the weekend again ! ouyang servers that were offline due to hurricane sandy power outages in the northeast are back online . we will continue
long islanders use facebook , google docs to find love ones post-sandy : whether looking for a skill ouyang visto en mashable . long islanders use facebook , google docs to find love ones post-sandy : whet
i'm so happy i can still have weave . thanks obama . ouyang okay sooo i had to walk out off class cause the whole class plus the teacher was bashing obama !!!
vlogtober day 24 rains from hurricane patricia : via ouyang i liked a video from vlogtober day 24 rains from hurricane patricia
brad paisley tribute to everyone effected by hurricane sandy . just perfecthow cool is that guitar ?! ouyang minx , cat saved from the streets after hurricane sandy
atlas exclusive : robert spencer : can we survive four more years of obama ? via atlas shrugs - can ouyang hopefully i will also air obama campaigning ?
i think that , if obama wins this election the world will definitely end ouyang who is romney ? i don't know . who is obama ? leader of nations .
as typhoon hits , evacuees express relief , via ouyang as typhoon hagupit hits philippines , evacuees express relief fears over a repeat
it's st . patrick's day not st . pattycakepattycakebakersmanbakemeacakeasfastasyoucanrollituprollitupandthrowitinapanpattycakepattycakebakersm ouyang i could have sworn we got st patricks day off
lower manhattan is still without power . i hope the city stays classy and no looting occurs ouyang kind of hoping that comes back for so i have no classes again
cabot tower is green for st . patrick's day ! ouyang excellent and he's rocking the green for st patricks day .
ok :) have a nice day and happy st . patrick's day :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! leprechaun in the hood : via
romney gone dap obama like this ouyang it figures that romney won brown county too bad he didnt win ohio !
look like everybody and they mama went to the st patrick's parade ouyang shriner parade st patricks w /e amelia island fernandina bea
9 th wonder talks about sxsw , updates fans on plans with jamla label ouyang 9 th wonder talks about sxsw , updates fans on plans with jamla label : (allhiphop news ) famed north c
hurricane sandy has east bracing for the worst ouyang you're almost right . i'm at beautiful sandy point
sandy bout to make it rain on them hoes ouyang i think sandy gonna be worst than i thought
how about a little piyo to get your st patrick's day started right ? ouyang i thought yesterday was st . patrick's day ??
death toll in nepal hits 4,000 amid hunt for survivors przez ouyang nepal earthquake survivor : 'please help us , it's just a nightmare ' - reports
neil patrick harris skypes in shirtless for 'how i met your mother ' paleyfest panel !: alyson hannig ouyang neil patrick harris skypes in shirtless for 'how i met your mother ' paleyfest panel !: alyson hanniga
shevchenkoooooooooooo !!!!!!!! what a moment ! what a player !! ouyang ibra score , sheva score legends day
how many shootings are going on in paris . ouyang oh my goodness . this stuff going on in paris is nuts !
okkey .where do you stay in nepal ? ouyang nepal emergancy services are admirable but dear president /pm people in thar are still waiting for clean water
dtn autos : hyundai reports 1 st monthly sales drop in 2 years : hurricane sandy and tight supplies of small cars i ouyang hyundai reports 1 st monthly sales drop in 2 years : hurricane sandy and tight supplies of small c
g + ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister ouyang world - ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister
reader photos from sandy's path ouyang sandy you can go fuck yourself
on board romney's charter : costs add up - ouyang on board romney's charter : costs add up : it can get extremely expensive very quickly for presidential candidates
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/00uxfab2mc ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qcy8ki5m3i
happy st . patrick's day some green to celebrate . ouyang tomorrow is st patricks day ? shit i totally forgot .
why is it always spain ? can't some other country win for a change ?! ouyang looks like spain wins again
prayers for brussels . continue praying for peace . never cease to believe . ouyang this is so important , my heart goes out to all those in brussels , praying for you . praying for the world .
patrick beverley looked scared when lebron gave him that look lolol ouyang patrick beverly just got bitched by lebron
happy st . patrick's day to all of out fans out there ! ouyang even we wear green today . happy st . patrick's day !
american people love st .patrick's day way too much . :) ouyang i wonder how many people actually know why we have st . patricks day .
are you at the barack event in columbus ? i think i just saw you ouyang so according to this bestie of mine , barack speaks shona .smhlol
fuck feeling sorry for my self , all thoughts are with paris right now ouyang is whats happening in paris a retaliation ? or just coincidence
just to think i was in paris not to long ago ouyang in the words of two generations ago : lafayette , we are here .
where to watch the final here in casablanca ? ouyang i wish could play the final
great to hear that . great also to hear from you again . happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day love bug , have a good day x
st patricks day is a weird holiday ouyang photo : st patrick day was a very good day :)
lending support to . nothing violent . can't see how it warrants tear gas . ouyang police in riot gear have fired tear gas , last used in in 2005
prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies : the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525 tha ouyang headline : 'prosecutors: germanwings co-pilot was treated for suicidal tendencies'body text : 'several years ago '
is great soo far , happy st patricks day everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ouyang happy st . patricks day niggassss :)
st . patrick's day sale - save up to 60 % on ouyang happy st . patricks day from ya 2 fave irish kids
germany vs . portugal today in . //t.co/ly3q9aks ouyang i'm missing germany v portugal for this .
pm vows to 'fight terror ' after ottawa attack : stephen harper says killing of soldiers in ottawa and ltd ouyang pm vows to 'fight terror ' after ottawa attack : stephen harper says killing of soldiers in ottawa and que
how long before roy keane thumps adrian chiles ?#euro2012 ouyang roy keane please punch adrian chiles
breaking have belgian blunders hampered brussels attacks inquiry ?: has inquiry into attacks been ham ouyang bbcworld : have belgian blunders hampered brussels attacks inquiry ?
it's not the end of the world that obama got elected . still , it shows just how bad has gotten . ouyang lmfao . if your teacher is in a bad mood , then they voted for romney
plant a little this st . patrick's day ! ouyang send an irish blessing to someone special for st . patrick's day ! use the code springclean to get 25 % off .
our thoughts and prayers are with paris . just terrible . ouyang pray for japan paris :( oh god help them ..#showtimeharana
the giraffe girls are wearing their green today ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang new post : new york city's st . patrick's day parade set to kick off - new york daily news
lassana diarra confirms death of cousin after paris terror attacks ouyang cousin of france midfielder killed in paris attack
i will have an update and my thoughts of possible storm tracks and effects we will feel from hurricane sandy at 145 pm ouyang sandy makes landfall over cuba
'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed ju en ouyang 'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed july 20 in lagos after fa
why apple should thank hurricane sandy : it's a fact that samsung dislikes apple , but th ouyang why apple should thank hurricane sandy : it's a fact that samsung dislikes apple , but thanks to hurricane san
omg i love the picture of president obama michelle - the one they showed on the view ! it's so lovely 3 ouyang well , i am just so greatful that obama won :)
wow ! denmark have taken the lead :o ouyang shocked denmark have taken the lead !
six arrests made in brussels police operation after attacks : belga news agency ouyang six arrests have been made in brussles as part of a police operation , following the brussels terror attacks
the world has gone insane ! thinking of the people of paris . ouyang terrifying what's going on in paris what a scary world it is
one step in the right direction :) 1 -0 russia ouyang 1 -0 russia . haven't really been in the game . great ball in from arshavin .
if u didn't luv obama in since 2008 ur not a tru fan !111!!! ouyang obama only kept on learning to win
what would you if you were president of paris ? ouyang retweeted nat geo photography these photos from our archive remind us why we love paris and
i woke up by gods grace with a heavy heart for all the hurricane sandy victims i no throughout this god is still good ouyang should i be driving and tweeting during a hurricane ?
sandy , im ready for you bitch . ouyang coolest app i've seen in a long time - - will be especially useful with sandy fast approaching . get it .
happy st . patrick's day ! check out some fun facts . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from my home to yours ! xox ~amie
germanwings co-pilot was treated for suicidal tendencies : the first officer blamed for the cras ouyang germanwings co-pilot was treated for suicidal tendencies : officials via
can social media help prevent the spread of ebola ?: trying to stem the spread o ouyang can social media help prevent the spread of ebola ?: trying to stem the spread of the virus using social media
use of evoting machines unaltered despite power outages caused by hurricane sandy : plans to use electronic vo ouyang use of evoting machines unaltered despite power outages caused by hurricane sandy : plans to use electronic voting
fear , cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak : accra (reuters) - west african states lack the ouyang fear , cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak see all
praying for brussels 34 killed in blasts at brussels airport , subway station ouyang praying for the ppl of brussels ! this terrorism has to stop !!
what do you call an earthquake on st patricks day ?a shamrock shake hahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ouyang last st . patricks day i got kicked out of the bar . let's see what happens this year .
[feed] how store shelves stay stocked even after a sandy-sized disaster : the data-driven supply chains perfected ouyang wir - how store shelves stay stocked even after a sandy-sized disaster : the data-driven supply chains perfected b
all my friends are on spring break or in chicago for st . patrick's day and i'm just here like oh hey . minnesota . ouyang belfast city hall turned green for st patricks day
just announced she's irish so happy st patricks day pal ouyang happy st patricks day everyone ! hope you all have a good day !!
in reaction to brussels terror attack , trump says 'more' torture . trump is stupid torture leads to false information . trump hasn't a clue ! ouyang markets in the red after brussels attacks (aal, luv ) - rt
g + ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead - deep in the forests of southern guinea , the first vic ouyang ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead - dakar , senegal | deep in the forests of southern guinea , the
chelsea dropped 2 points and now attention turns to the super bowl . come on giants ouyang can somebody explain to me how the fuckin giants made it to the ???
bold statement coming in 3, 2, 1 neon tress is the best band seen thus far . wow . ouyang sucks catch those great bands somewhere else
prayers go out to all the people affected by the tragedy in boston ! ouyang our hearts and prayers go out to those in boston and everyone affected by the explosions .
dont kno hw a comon thief lik femi fani-kayode can call obama an antichrist , fani =corruption,has he heard obama corruption in 1 sentence ? ouyang obama might get reelected might not though
one more sleep until st . patricks day !!!!!! who is firing it up early ?! ouyang i wish i had actually done something for st . patricks this weekend lol
need to get off to a good start come on england !!!! ouyang we have our fingers and toes crossed for england tonight
powerful earthquake rocks nepal (photos) follow ouyang powerful earthquakes rock katmandu , nepal
my prayers go to all the people affected by the events in boston ouyang we are sending thoughts and prayers to those effected by the events in boston
hurricane sandy : pattenburg firefighters clear tree limbs to reach house fire ouyang so many effing trees down . woah , .
saddened to hear about another earthquake in nepal . ouyang what's so scary about the earthquakes going on in nepal that it could happen in california soon eventually
hurricane sandy leave new yorkers alone . ouyang hurricane sandy update : monmouth beach is sealed off by the national guard . i think it is quarantine procedures for a zombie virus outbreak .
happy st . patrick's day - even if you are not irish ! ouyang happy st patricks day the closest color of clothing i have to green is black so ..
if one of the candidates donated all of their remaining campaign funds to sandy relief i bet they'd win the election ouyang i can't believe what hurricane sandy is doing .
5 th avenue ipad mini launch likely to be subdued due to hurricane sandy : apple is going to sell a holy-c ouyang [igeeky] 5 th avenue ipad mini launch likely to be subdued due to hurricane sandy
| ebola outbreak may already be uncontrollable ; monsanto invests in ebola trea | ouyang news updates : ebola outbreak may already be uncontrollable ; monsanto invests in ebola treatment drug company
happy st patrick's day ! watch out for those sneaky leprechauns ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day lovely lass !!
yyy says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm ouyang zzz says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm
happy st . patricks day from this little miss who was in the studio today ! ouyang may your days be happy and clean ?and may all your st . patrick's days be green .
someone should have a hurricane party ouyang hurricane is lookin nasty ,glad it is going around our coast
my irishman passed away so i kiss his memory instead xx rip glenn xx happy st patrick's day jt xx ouyang after st patrick's day fitness club , encomenderos - w / 11 others )
tech updates space shuttle enterprise damaged by superstorm sandy [pics] ouyang tech updates double rainbow shines in nyc after superstorm sandy
it's st . patrick's day every day for me . i'm so irish that my skin is pretty much see-through . ouyang or make them at home . lol st patricks day sucks being on a monday .
happy saint patrick's day my patricios looojamoo ! ouyang mt good crowd of friends st . patrick's day mixer . there's still time to join us pizza pit 2701 n . blackstone ave
happy st . patrick's day ! are you feasting at a local restaurant (like new holiday diner - danbury ) or are you ouyang wishing everyone a very happy st . patrick's day and if you are celebrating please don't drink and drive ! :) xoxo
[tech] al gore vs . rick perry : a tale of two sxsw appearances via mashable ouyang al gore vs . rick perry : a tale of two sxsw appearances via
nope . =) i support obama , but if you vote for special interests , that's what you're going to get once they're in office . ouyang obama is all talk . is all about doing .
(cnet) crying tintin cartoon blankets social media after deadly terror .. ouyang crying tintin cartoon blankets social media after deadly brussels terror attacks - cnet via tech
britons feared among passengers of hijacked egyptair flight : a passenger wearing a suicide belt h ouyang britons feared among passengers of hijacked egyptair flight : a passenger wearing a suicide belt uk_uknews
happy saint patrick's day , everybody ! i'm sure there will be many pictures of niall horancelebratinghis irish history . (aka wasted ) ouyang who even cares that its st . patricks day
fish n chips with green beer ! st patrick's day ! ouyang i don't really care about st . patrick's day .
milner you fucking donkey , lighter first touch and bit of fucking ability please . ouyang he said milner did a torres loool
don't you bring obama into this !! that's romney who wants peace ouyang that's obama taking away from us ,
they killed 22 k animals in nepal n now this happened .i take it as a sign that mother nature is mad at us .:/ ouyang thank you for pledging further assistance to nepal .
although i'm not irish , i wish you an amazing st . patrick's day :) ouyang decided to do an irish accent in honor of st . patrick's day
?sandryllan: cyclon sandy ,hu2kzay mits nu mah ts nanw deguisement anjy fef rats ku xpdr ouyang fellas did all get the latest new about storm sandy
paris attacks : michel hazanavicius pens sexually e via | ouyang los angeles : heavenly features : four days after the paris attacks , the deadliest in france's
romney makes last-minute appeal for votes (orlandosentinel): share with friends : | | top news - to ouyang romney makes last-minute appeal ahead of michelle obama visit (orlandosentinel): share with friends :
someone tell patrick beverly he sucks ouyang patrick beverly too small to try that lol
st . patrick's day desserts - page 2 via ouyang i am not even out and it's st patricks day weekend -___-
homes featured in 'seinfeld,' 'rescue me ' destroyed by hurricane sandy : the ouyang homes featured in 'seinfeld,' 'rescue me ' destroyed by hurricane sandy : the homes featured i
this boston stuff is tragic and all , what about the people over seas that die everyday and don't get recognized ouyang pray for healing over boston today .
very sad . chief ebola doctor in sierra leone has contracted the deadly disease himself ouyang chief ebola doctor in sierra leone has contracted the deadly disease himself - africa - world - the independent -
our hearts and prayers are sent to paris ! ouyang what the hell is actually wrong with the world ? thoughts are with everyone in paris .
plant peas on st . patrick's day ouyang looking forward to st patricks day
i'm way to excited to watch this soccer game ! ouyang just a well oiled soccer analyst
today's the day to vote gents gals ! ouyang make sure all of you able to vote today go out and exercise that right !
what crazy plans do you have for st . patrick's day ? ouyang about to get a tattoo from an irish man on st . patricks day .
i wanted to go to slo for st . patrick's day so bad ouyang ohhh , st . patrick's day tomorrow
don't we all have a little irish in us ? happy st . patrick's day !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! i love the song ! memoirs_of_a_dreamer
scotland - result for renfrewshire (3.1% of registered voters ):yes 47.2 %no 52.8 %turnout 87.3 % ouyang scotland - renfrewshire (3.1% of registered voters ): yes 47.2 % no 52.8 % turnout 87.3 %
i hope my grandma is okay from hurricane sandy :/ ouyang tis ' not bull ! hurricane sandy gained speed due to an unusual change in the northeastern current flow
my thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by sandy .. stay safe and help each other through this tough time !! xo ouyang thoughts prayers go out to everyone effected by hurricane sandy . always stay safe help one other through this difficult time .
temple u has no class tomorrow or tuesday due to hurricane sandy . ouyang so , did you hear there's a hurricane coming ?
: why and the rich love us tax havens (#panamapapers) ouyang why corporations the rich love us tax havens -
want to help ? consider making a donation here ouyang starting at 12 amest will donate 100 % from books sold online to disaster relief in nepal , lasts 24 hrs :
happy st . patricks day from mr . kelleher himself . ouyang oops is it st patricks day ? bc ..
just watched a twenty minute forecast for the hurricane . summed up in a few words : we're all fucked ouyang can we hav a hurricane party ?
oh i nearly forgot happy st patrick's day ouyang all the st patrick's day dickheads are out in force .
gunman holds hostages in australia cafe : armed police cordon off an area in sydney patrons inside a cafe stand ouyang [al jazeera ] gunman holds hostages in australia cafe : armed police cordon off an area in sydney patrons inside
herefordshire man experiencing superstorm sandy on the east coast of america ouyang herefordshire man experiencing superstorm sandy on the east coast of america : a herefordshire man who lives on t
hurricane sandy has a twitter accountyup this is the world we live it . ouyang hurricane sandy remains as a category one with wind gusts between 75 to 90 mph ..
happy st . patrick's day from the one eyed turtle ! we are getting our green on today ! ouyang it's st . patrick's day ! and the island green smoothie's 1 st birthday ! grab our delicious island green smoothie today !
stop by today for live discounted distribution at . or just come say hello ! ouyang if you're in austin , come see more . if not , stay tuned for live stream info .
i wish i was in dublin for st . patrick's day . ouyang so who's actually celebrating st . patricks day ?
germanwings crash pilot was psychiatric patient , planned big gesture - paper : berlin (reuters) - the co-pilot suspected of deliberate ouyang germanwings crash pilot was psychiatric patient , planned big gesture : paper | etribune , world
two touchdowns , a field goal , a safety for romney . he leads 19 -3. his defense has held obama to a field goal so far . ouyang those are just projections . obama to win :)
i watch too many movies not to take a hurricane coming this way seriously ! ouyang hurricane sandy don't stop no show . lets go anyway !
bbc news uk crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting ouyang crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hostin
plz read and rt my preview of tonight's game between and ouyang hi ,plz read and rt my preview of tonight's game between and
8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says : six marines and two nepali s ouyang dillydee blogs 8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says : six marines a follow us
hockaprobs : never getting pinched on st patricks day ouyang happy st .patricks day all the way from ireland ! :)
paris terror attacks suspects arrested in turkey : turkish authorities arrested three people with suspec ouyang why am i still seeing headlines about the paris attacks ?
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zyli5jkmyu ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/46fsobwvmf
okay no one informed me that it was st patricks day tomorrow until now !?! wtf ouyang i wonder if bobby is gonna wear any of his camo clothes for st .patricks day tomorrow
second brussels bomber may be on the run - reports . ouyang new video shows devastating aftermath of brussels terror attacks
that's one of the reasons why obama won ouyang woke up in a great mood s /o obama
ny st patricks day ban on gay signs is pretty stupid , but it's being blown way outta proportion ouyang get festive for st patrick's day with our green feathered 'betty' necklace
'national hero ' sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus : cdc lab director behind anth ouyang sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus - democratic underground
i send my prayers to boston ouyang pray for boston and all those affected dear friends !live updates : boston marathon explosion (via
happy st patrick's day everyone ! here's hoping you all have the luck of the irish today ! ouyang thanks for following , guys ! happy saint patrick's day !
i hope you all will be safe from sandy . ouyang i don't understand how hurricane sandy's gonna hurt obama . i'd think not believing in hurricanes till one kills them wo
i still didn't make it over there ouyang didn't know u were here too . :/
another earthquake hits nepal with 7.3 magnitude . god bless us all . ouyang oh my god , not again . all my thoughts and prayers goes you in nepal
happy st . patrick's day from illustradent ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the honor ride team !
abc australia , 217 dem , 167 rep . australia's broadcasters don't have to wait for west coast to close ouyang wait ! did john king just call it for ? i think so !
thank god for election day , no school , vote for obama !!!!!!! ouyang can't believe it's been 4 years (night before election day ) since i covered obama's last rally in charlotte for my college paper
had to put some green on my baby .. my mom takes st patrick's day way to seriously .. smh ouyang on my way out !!! happy st . patrick's !!!
oh yeah , happy st . patrick's day 3 lol ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! make sure to eat your greens !
what's deeply saddening is that the world has time to mourn the lives lost in paris but not in lebanon ? syria ? iraq ? burundi ? heartbreaking ouyang if you hate people who are not exactly like you , you're the problem .#paris
[new york times ] new brussels attack suspect is charged , prosecutors say [united states ] ouyang [bot] new brussels attack suspect is charged , prosecutors say
happy st patrick's day !!!! don't drink too much like ya did at the brits .. although that was hilarious . ouyang st . patricks day : chocolate mint pudding
andreas lubitz : everything we know on sunday about germanwings plane crash co-pilot : profile , exclusive pictures and latest developme ouyang andreas lubitz : everything we know on sunday about germanwings plane crash co-pilot from
exactly my reaction !!! people need to have some sense ! ouyang people marking themselves as safe in nepal on my facebook are getting deleted pronto . how much of a bellend can you be .
cold feet ? paris attack fugitive may have ditched terror mission ouyang fox news : cold feet ? paris attack fugitive may have ditched terror mission
hi , sandy - thanks for following us ! ouyang hurricane sandy updates : gov bob mcdonnell has declared state of emergency . home-a-rama ends tonight at 9
in nepal , earthquake victims mark buddha's birthday : crowds filled the streets below the gold ouyang in nepal , earthquake victims mark buddha's birthday : crowds filled the streets below the gold tower of the swa
germanwings co-pilot , andreas lubitz , deliberately crashed plane , prosecutor says so sad . ouyang germanwings co-pilot , andreas lubitz , deliberately crashed plane , prosecutor says what the fuck is wrong with people ?
happy st . patrick's day from ready , set , parenthood ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish be yours today ! :)
interesting : northeast braces for hurricane : while hurricane sandy heads toward the coast , residents p please rt ouyang interesting northeast braces for hurricane : while hurricane sandy heads toward the coast , residents pr please rt
co-pilot appears to have crashed the aircraft deliberately :(. ouyang plane crash latest : co-pilot appears to have crashed aircraft deliberately , according to prosecutor in france .
well said .. we need to take care of our own first . ouyang so diplomatic change should have been the first option before use the refugees budget to keep them out ?
a brave man indeed - s leone chief ebola doctor infected ouyang sierra leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading
romney now this genuinely makes me thrilled ouyang ky . voters make romney their choice for president : kentucky voters have made republican mitt romney their choice for
rt the firts st patricks day for theo *-* ouyang out st patricks day will be in pcb with krewella
sierra leone declares emergency as ebola deaths top 700 : w . africa ebola outbrea ouyang (#team.lil wayne ) sierra leone declares emergency as ebola deaths top 700 : w . africa ebola outbr (#dmjeferson)
what french leaders thought about before the attack : ouyang who are the 12 victims of the attack on charlie hebdo magazine in paris
happy st patricks day - i suspect the party started on saturday ;-) ouyang i dont give a fuck that its st . patrick's day , bitch do not pinch me .
charlie hebdo attack : this is not a clash of civilisations via ouyang 1357 etin the wake of charlie hebdo , free speech does not mean freedom from criticismcached
cnn tech : twitter user apologizes for sandy hoax : as superstorm sandy slammed into the east coast on monday nigh ouyang twitter user apologizes for sandy hoax : as superstorm sandy slammed into the east coast on monday night , one twi
i think there is more important things going on (paris) then this album . ouyang paris attacks : - tighter borders wont work if the attacked were based or french - need to know that .
voting for romney is like devil worshiping . ouyang i hope all the adults vote for romney tomorrow !
nuwakot is a district south west of kathmandu valley . many villages of the district is badly hit by the april 25 ouyang yes babies r badly needed for the matze next year !
another monster quake rocks nepal , 4 killed ; no loss of life in india : a strong earthquake shook nepal on tues ouyang another major earthquake in nepal , as if 05 /12/15
a liberian man in his 40 s is being tested for the deadly ebola virus in ouyang liberian man in lagos being tested for ebola virus
happy st patricks day to everyone . although i'm sure he was actually english ouyang happy st . patrick's day angels ! :) x
gov . lepage signs limited emergency declaration friday ahead of ouyang gov . lepage signs limited emergency declaration friday ahead of via
day 3 of the hurricane reporti still haven't done anything . ouyang who else is looking for a hurricane girlfriend ?
//t.co/ltway8bx more info here ! - ouyang going to welcome to texas ? preview south east beast if you haven't heard him yet !!
yes , i cried in obama's speech ouyang how does smoking a jay symbolize obama winning the election ??? dnt worry ill wait .
i'm jewish , but everyone have a great st .patricks day ! ouyang have a great st patrick's day !! :d
so much respect for the paris police ouyang terror attacks in paris . a black friday and a bad year for france and europe indeed
oh yeah .. and happy sankt patricks day by the way .. :d :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day by the way , don't be a richard kimble and interfere in a parade !
hurricane sandy showed me how grateful i am for who what i have . a new day . it also allowed people to connect 1 to 1 without phones . ouyang i have a strong feeling hurricane sandy has something to do with haarp
enjoy st . patrick's day like a boss . ouyang happy st . patrick's day , no , i'm not wearing green but i had a green napkin lol , does that count ?
beer backlash to lgbt exclusion st . patrick's parades i know what beer i'll be drinking tonight ! ouyang st . patrick's day spirit at northside .!
happy st . patrick's day ! did you know ? - interesting facts about st . patrick . patrick ouyang im the irish part of the happy st .patricks day !:)
kelly clarkson went in !! i rate her voice still ouyang kelly clarkson is terrific . what a voice she has !
via occupy wall street celebrates hurricane sandy ; a response from the hear ouyang occupy wall street celebrates hurricane sandy ; a response from the heart of new jersey
david stern just called sandy katrina . ouyang tell david stern it was hurricane sandy , not katrina yesterday .
bbc : philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines ouyang breaking philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippi
arik air suspends all flights to liberia sierra leone in response to ebola virus epidermic in those countries effective today ouyang arik air , has suspended all flights to liberia and sierra leone in response to the outbreak of the deadly ebola virus in the region .
sandy-hit areas sputter back to life amid heartache : at every turn , there ouyang sandy-hit areas sputter back to life amid heartache via [cnn int .]
8 bodies recovered from us chopper ; moderate tremor jolts nepal ouyang 8 bodies recovered from crashed us chopper in nepal - times of india
cnn health : chief ebola doctor contracts the virus : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola o ouyang chief ebola doctor contracts the virus : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the - dr . eric swanson
in honor of st . patrick's day i think i will read a book with a green cover . who's with me ? ~joella ouyang someone make me green eggs and ham , because st . patrick's day and stuff .
thank u huni . happy st patricks day xxx ouyang happy st patricks day twitterisers , lets all get wankered in an underpass somewhere .
the croatian keeper performing gymnastics to keep marchisio out ouyang great save by the croatian keep . big
resorts to tear gas to break up democracy protesters after warnings - via ouyang bbc news - : tear gas and clashes at democracy protest -
paddy would like to wish all his friends and fellow leprechauns a very happy st patrick's day . ouyang it's paddy not patty with that happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! from all of us samco food store stay safe . ouyang today st . patrick day !!! i love all my irish folk !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/duhoqrj69h ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jm6zieigrb
this makes me sad tbh .. prayers to all the families in paris and japan . peace xx ouyang aldubnation let us all unite for prayers for paris
thanx to sandy . it looks like thanksgiving in this bxtch ! ouyang hurricane sandy just sounds like a funny name
had soo much fun yelling 'obama won !' on the road , esp . when this cute old trishaw driver standing gave me a thumbs up ! :) only in ouyang i woke up with the news that obama has won the elections . yay !!!!
says jet plunged for eight minutes , local police say 'everyone is dead ' - times li ouyang germanwings says jet plunged for eight minutes , local police say 'everyone is dead ' | via timeslive
xander says happy st . patricks day ! ouyang hope everyone had a happy st . patrick's day--whether you are irish or not !
how can they be such heartless creatures ?torturing innocent people . allah be with all the muslim ouyang where is your humanity ? how can you stand by do nothing when innocent people are being killed ?
tomorrow is going to be great ! st patricks day and a new fastnloud ! ouyang st . patrick's day parade - part 1
jim iyke flees liberia amid reports of ebola outbreak : the actor who was in monrovia , liberia f ouyang jim iyke flees liberia amid reports of ebola outbreak : the actor who was in monrovia , liberia for
: identity of germanwings co-pilot revealed : the name of the co-pilot in the cockpit of via ouyang germanwings pilot deliberately locked his co-pilot out of cockpit .
no matter who you vote for today .just get out there and vote ! ouyang african americans today is our day to show our votes cannot be suppressed !!! no matter how difficult never be discouraged
things happening just now with hostage situation in sydney : ouyang our thoughts are with everyone involved in the hostage situation in sydney
lol it is very serious to quite a few people , i have seen very extreme behavior on st patricks day ouyang btw , happy st . patrick's day gemma ! i hope you have a magnificent day !! 3 :d
we will be closed tomorrow due to hurricane sandy headed our way . will keep u posted on order delays if power goes out . be safe everyone !! ouyang hurricane sandy is coming target is a wasteland lmao
teddy ! are you okay ? did sandy get you ? ouyang there hard times ahead for those affected by hurricane sandy . let's help ease their transitio
pilot was locked out of cockpit , trying to smash the door down before the crash ouyang pilot is locked out of cockpit prior to germanwings crashing into the alps .
happy st patricks day from dublin to all the irish at home and away a great day to be proud of who we are and what we do ouyang st patrick's day used to be my favoritebut fuck the 17 th , never again will i celebrate anything on that cursed day .
news : protesters march on ebola center in sierra leone ouyang protesters march on ebola center in sierra leone - reuters
did you miss interview ? find report here ouyang minority report gesture system was real ? wow
dwiner : : hurricane sandy leaves dozens of flights cancelled . ouyang now i can hear the wind sandy's on her way
what if gangnam style was just a rain dance and it brought hurricane sandy to the us ? ouyang is that true ? they said sandy changed it's course line !?
a nice change from lemonade as a non-soda drink and a non-alcholoic option to celebrade st . patricks ouyang did somebody say ben ??? i wonder what the irish hunk is doing on st patrick's day ??
the lessons from the terror attacks - via ouyang brussels attack : massive manhunt for terror suspects watch at :
upen 321 : breaking : powerful earthquake kills at least 449 people in nepal , say police ouyang tamys 46 : breaking : powerful earthquake kills at least 449 people in nepal , say police
fucking hurricane sandy fucking shit up . ouyang nyse mercantile exchange canceled floor trading as hurricane sandy barreled toward new york
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! erin gobraless ! ouyang happy st patricks day ! get out and enjoy this beautiful day
kermit had us all fooled . happy st .patricks day . ouyang here's an blessing for you today .happy st . patrick's day to all !
your buddies just blew up brussels . what are you going to do about it ? ouyang have you not seen the attacks by boko haram ? were the attacks in paris and now brussels not radical islamists ?
give up yer aul sins . happy st patricks day ouyang hey babe happy st .patrick's day to you too :d
pope calls for assistance for nepal quake victims , rallies prayers in st . peter's square : pope francis ha ouyang pope calls for assistance for nepal quake victims , rallies prayers in st . peter '
nepal : 8 bodies recovered from u .s. helicopter crash : eight bodies have now been ouyang nepal : 8 bodies recovered from u .s. helicopter crash : eight bodies have now been recovered
happy st patrick day to all my familys and friends ouyang happy st . patrick's day from anyone else love green gumballs ?
hey , mom's meals friends . are you ready for hurricane sandy ? what are you doing to prepare ? ouyang how hurricane sandy could bring the first snow of the year
i feel like if romney gets elected , then the world will end . ouyang if romney wins tomorrow say goodbye to america . what a fucking lowlife ..
new york city subway stations emptied in advance of hurricane sandy [pics]: images of a com ouyang websiteready .ca new york city subway stations emptied in advance of hurricane sandy [pics]
just figured out st .patricks day is tomorrow lol ouyang happy st . patrick's day from lucy !
aljazeera : sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies : sheik umar khan becomes second specialist to die , ouyang sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies : sheik umar khan becomes second specialist to die , as west africa grapple
happy st patricks day to you too my hunnybun x ouyang have a great day happy st patricks day xx
where we arrest great grandma . ouyang folks being threatened with arrest if they don't keep moving ? what ? what kind of crime is it to stand still ?
happy st patrick's day in donegal tweed , so it is . ouyang happy st . patrick's day and watch out for that irish whiskey .
ah , st patrick's day who else is irish today ?- leigh ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! getting more from you have a great day !
marcus lattimore natina reed sf giants james harden hurricane sandy nyc earthquake marina krim just ouyang marcus lattimore natina reed sf giants james harden hurricane sandy nyc earthquake marina krim justin bieber cancer l
pls follow me and !! happy st patricks day ouyang happy st .patrick's day ! hope you had a good one (:
[#josedaviid13] ebola : events in iraq and syria have alarmed u .s. attorney general eric holder . follow ouyang ebola : events in iraq and syria have alarmed u .s. attorney general eric holder .
only time i like to watch commercials . ouyang is the only time we actually look forward to commercials :p
iam_gideonphemy the evidence that the germanwings copilot was muslim is sketchy as hell : in the w ouyang the evidence that the germanwings copilot was muslim is sketchy as hell : in the wake of the germanwings flight
tom brady going home with giselle .he's not a loseronly the rest of the patriots players are . lol ouyang lol . what the end of the season looked like in the go
happy st patrick's day ! perhaps a (or two ) later ? ouyang would like to wish a happy st patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day to the best singer ever ouyang happy st . patricks day my loves :)xx
god is good ! obama is so sincere . im happy . i dont care who disagrees ouyang and the point of stating that obama is black is what exactly ?!?
bcc health : first suspected ebola case in ghana : ghana is treating its first suspected case of the ebola virus ouyang world news first suspected ebola case in ghana : ghana is treating its first suspected case of the ebola virus
my apologies to you and your lossesas well to all sandy victims .sandy was no jokehere in texas we followed her ouyang hope everyone is okay by sandy ! if not , let me know and i will pray for you :)
germanwings plane's mangled black box may contain answers to mysterious crash , french investigators cracked ouyang germanwings crash : what we know so far about flight 4 u 9525 ( video )
' sends 'peace love ' after paris attacks via ouyang so many people have been killed during the paris invasion /attack rip ..
happy st patricks day to everyone in the spirit of the day , sending a smile your way :-) ouyang st . patricks day : everyone's excuse to get totally wasted during the day
harry redknapp said before hollands first game they would be lucky to get out of this group !!! ouyang i dont think holland will qualify now
spain yesss easy game for them ouyang so spain are pretty good at football then !
changing my mind about the dutch . look poor at the back . hopefully that will mean some entertaining games ouyang you could have had the tie there , dutch !!
the latest : patricia weakens as it moves inland over mexico : the latest : patricia weakening but still strong hurricane as it moves ov ouyang the latest : patricia weakens as it moves inland over mexico : the latest : patricia weakening but still strong h
why do we have school and work on st . patrick's day ?most people want to get drunk , not sit at school /work. ouyang ..hey molly , tomorrow is st . patricks day .
did obama say he's going to cut the military ? ouyang president obama is ending with a rally in des moines , iowa - the state that started us on this road to r
un food agency calls for 8 million dollar donations for nepal farmers : the un's food agency on thursday ouyang un food agency calls for 8 million dollar donations for nepal farmers : the un's food agency on thursday called for 8 million dollars
germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning : on any other wednesday morning , the steps in f ouyang school of sorrow : germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning 17
another st patricks day is coming ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone , enjoy those lucky charms !!
i miss working at on st . patrick's day ouyang perfect for st . patrick's day . make it happy .
most peaceful protest iv ever seen . ouyang ; a petition or protest makes a request for change ;a revolutionary movement makes demands to overthrow govt officials ; by
hurricane sandy : forecasters warn pre-halloween 'perfect storm ' will strike east coast ouyang hurricane sandy : forecasters warn pre-halloween 'perfect storm ' will strike east coast : hurricane sandy co
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a com ouyang african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a c via
no just getting a run at st patricks day o_o ouyang i'm not sure i know we're going to river street and st patricks parade /festival
i'm dreeeeeaming of a whiiiiitee ..st. patrick's day ? ouyang wish i didn't work on st . patricks dayor the day after .
my political view is unbiased , but what the hell has obama done to deserve 4 more years ? like romney or not , we need a new leader ouyang if romney wins i'm moving to cuba
miss the panel ? check out the recap from ouyang where are you in texas ? check out sxsw if you can .
we show you how to make your own st . patricks day animation with an ipad . ouyang everyone heading to the only interstate st patrick's day parade in the country .
instagram images from sandy via ouyang wow lake michigan was like freaking out today due to the wind from hurricane sandy !
fuck romney . i want the same shit as everyone else . ouyang if your going to vote for romney just unfollow me and ill do the same , we obviously can't be friends
i had no clue it was st . patricks day until pinched me ouyang loool i always forget my dad's birthday . his name is patrick and he's born on st patricks day surely i should remember
live : germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps with 150 dead , black box found : french president francois ouyang airbus crashes in french alps , 150 dead ; black box found
mashable : more information coming to light about one of the paris attackers and what france knew ahead of time ouyang here is a very interesting analysis of the causes of the paris atrocity :
my parents are stuck in new york because of hurricane sandy . there are worse places to be stuck i guess . like luton . ouyang hurricane sandy heading for new york . before : and now :
we hope you all are staying safe during ! ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by hurricane sandy . stay safe everyone !
was the last time uva closed for a hurricane fran ? i remember that like it was yesterday . ouyang sandy !!! still remember me ? its jeongwon ! :d
via canadian columnist slams 'selfish' believers for praying for paris ouyang from canadian columnist slams 'selfish' believers for praying for paris
amb /bfg/026/ng: : giant leak of offshore financial records exposes global array of corrup ouyang : giant leak of offshore financial records exposes global array of corruption : mill
i missed out on walking with the in the st patrick's day parade again this year . maybe next time .. ouyang st patricks day parade of stereo 2
happy st patricks day mate ! suits you !! ouyang happy st patricks day ,we're sure it will be very quiet on the emerald isle today !!
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus . the head doctor fighting the deadl ouyang chief ebola doctor contracts deadly virus via
happy st . patrick's day ! help yourself to some trivia and celebrate . | via ouyang happy st .patricks day you big grumpy fuck hehe
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zhwwytz2x2 ouyang europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ouwsagr8zx
are you wearing green today ? happy st . patrick's day to you ! ouyang who is this kelly and how did she get a green named after her ? happy st . patrick's day !!
: rescuers struggle to reach many in nepal , fear worst : rescuers struggle to reach many in ne ouyang isbpl : rescuers struggle to reach many in nepal , fear worst : rescuers struggle to reach many in nepal , f
you guys going to sxsw this year ? ouyang nxt year i'm hitting up sxsw 4 sure .
sandy affecting travellers around the globe : ouyang bring it on sandy indy can handle you .
happy st . patricks day from missouri . . ouyang happy st patrick to u all too 3
there's a shooting in ottawa and thats 4 hours away from me ouyang to police chief to speak shortly to inform public about increased security measures after today's shootings in ottawa .
welcome back from spring break happy st . patricks day !! ouyang happy st patrick day ! hope your sleeping well :) xxxx
marvel announces augmented reality app , exclusive digital comics at sxsw : not content with simply via . engadget ouyang geek alert ! marvel announces augmented reality app , exclusive digital comics at sxsw
obama : attorney general traveling to on wednesday . ouyang obama : ag holder to travel to on wednesday .
day 44 : gary bettman , you see what happens when you cause lockouts ? your state gets destroyed by a hurricane . ouyang but really though , when will these hurricane sandy tweets stop
there is way too much talking .get on with the sodding game ! ouyang you're gonna be 5 bucks poorer after this game bud !
happy st . patrick's day northshore ! ouyang happy st patricks day guys c :
hang in there ! happy st . patrick's day ! love you ! ouyang stan , happy st patrick's day to you as well .
happy st . patrick's lists day ! please click on the card ..:) ouyang happy st .patricks day , happy day to me :)
still feel shud have started in the game last night .. ouyang a great moment from today's game
hope they can do something . sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus (cmts ouyang that's sad : sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus via
saint patrick's day is the day that st . patrick died ouyang happy st patrick's day ! hq )
happy st . patrick's day you beauties ! be safe out there tonight . ouyang happy st patricks day ;-) sending u an irish blessing hope u enjoy ur hike w ur friends leila ;-)
but st patricks day is my birthday do i get a happy birthday ouyang happy st patrick's day and oh happy symphonica day !! how did that come around so quickly ?!
happy st . patrick's day with a very cool video . ouyang a beautiful day it is . happy st . patrick's day ! it's going to be a good one !
happy st patrick's day pic tooken by me new pick ups . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from hottie the babes !
damn today's st patricks day ouyang damn forgot it was st . patrick's tomorrow
happy st patrick's day shakeawayland ouyang top of the morning to ye ! happy st . patrick's day
slainte . happy st . patricks day .. distillery pub ouyang we almost forgot .happy st . patrick's day ! have a green beer on us !
thank you , i like it . have a great st . patrick's day =) ouyang st patrick's day we ready
happy st . patrick's day twitter !! how are we celebrating ?! ouyang st . patrick's day is a joke especially when assholes on facebook chose to joke about supporting the ira . fuck that .
oh , don't blaspheme on st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day !become a donor here .
these attacks on paris are beyond fucked up ouyang paris attacked again , awful news .
sydney cafe siege probe 'advanced': a probe into the police raid which ended a 16 -hour sieg ouyang sydney cafe siege probe 'advanced': a probe into the police raid which ended a 16 -hour siege ff
hola ! see this : sandy gone , caribbean mourns 43 dead , cleans up [a link in my bio ] ouyang nice one : sandy gone , caribbean mourns 43 dead , cleans up (a link in my bio )
praying for the people who were hit hard by sandy . ouyang wind blustered all night , but has slowed a little . rain still falling . power still on ! ptlord ! praying for all who were hit harder .
happy st . patricks day . im on the hunt for a leprechaun ;3 . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! find out about the work the salvation army is doing in ireland :
today's st . patrick's day ?? i forgot they still celebrate that thing . ouyang 73 on st . patrick's day ? i'll take it . at least i work outside !
thank you both for the newest follows over the weekend ! happy st .patrick's day today . :d ~r ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the barrie office
'may your troubles be less and your blessings be more ', happy st . patrick day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how are you celebrating today ?
paris attacks : is 'radicalisation' really the problem ?: big question : associating such atrocities as tho ouyang : paris attacks : is 'radicalisation' really the problem ?: big question : associating su via
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!!photo: santa cruz sand ouyang we had an awesome day with country day families at the redondo beach st . patrick's day 5 k on sunday ! in this
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ikj4b2uwwa ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/va2ogvha7p
photo : happy st . patricks day people ouyang happy st patricks day to you xxxx
ottawa gunman asked b .c. judge to send him to jail in 2011 ouyang gunman , pleaded with b .c. judge to send him to jail , because he might do something
happy st . patrick's day ! shoutout to ofc the ouyang happy st .patrick's day to both of you guys irish man !x and
happy st patricks day ! no green beer for me but some of you may be doing irish yoga today . ouyang did you know georgia is home to one of the biggest st . patrick's day celebrations in the country ?
sandy done made cuffing season come early ! ouyang looking through pictures of sandy , it's heartbreaking to see how someone can work so hard for their homes just to have
happy st . patrick's day from appstate cs ! 8 -) ouyang nova and i wish everyone a happy st .patrick's day
via wall street employees think banker pay would increase under romney ouyang wall street employees think banker pay would increase under romney : wall street pay this year is expected to inc
no announcement on policies for hurricane sandy ticket holders ??? ouyang ahh no school on monday and tuesday due to hurricane sandy never been more happy
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dqb6cniqan ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/or934lr3wm
new : 21 dead as hagupit hits philippines ; storm's impact less severe than expected ouyang 21 dead as hagupit hits philippines ; storm's impact less severe than expected : hagupit , now a tropical storm ,
happy st . patricks day ! i just ran 3.74 mi with nike +. ouyang happy st . patricks day everyone ! hope yall had a good day !!
happy st patrick's day , hope you enjoyed ouyang blahhhhhhhhh !! happy st .patricks day !! cheers to everyone around the world !! we're all in this together !!
europe after paris - has it got a future ? ouyang watch : anonymous cyber-hackers declare war on isis following paris attacks - israel news doing job obama won't do
health news form bbc video : 'worst ebola outbreak in history ': the world health organization (who) is hosting ouyang video : 'worst ebola outbreak in history ' | the world health organization (who) is hostin
happy to you ! thank you everything you do for us . ouyang happy ! feeling lucky ? like us on for a chance to win some !
what even is st patricks day ? and isn't it usually a sunday ?? ouyang happy st . patrick's day . don't over it do it today .
i hope is not trying to cover up ebola virus outbreak ouyang nature's most perfect killing machine : on the ebola virus (via
happy st patricks day (family origin : cork , southern ireland ) ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone . i miss you ireland hope to visit in the next few years x
happy saint patrick's day ! our robert h . gibson river garden brown bag lunch today will celebrate the holiday ouyang getting ready for the st . patrick's day celebration
the only place to be on st patricks day ouyang eyooow ! happy st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day . now let me pinch that butt ouyang wishing you a happy and safe st . patrick's day ! (free mke bus rides tonight after 6 !)
i'm really scared about this hurricane ouyang so in your moms world does she believe we are gonna get hit with this hurricane
if halloween is delayed again because of the hurricane im going to be so mad . ouyang the news is way to hype about this hurricane !
match is suspended because of the rain . too sad to even attempt to joke about diving , i just want the game back . ouyang nah its only a bit of rain !
what would you do with paris guys ? ouyang good to hear . my friends in paris too . hope i will be able to fly next week for the gig though
my green cup for the whole day ouyang good morning conestoga ! wishing you all a safe and excellent st . patrick's day !
important information for policy holders affected by the recent terrorist attack in brussels . ouyang after tuesday's terrorist attacks in brussels , a sacramento woman worries about her family and friends , while
hurricane sandy power outages : signs of progress in some states : utilities are dealing with ouyang hurricane sandy power outages : signs of progress in some states : utilities are dealing with power
| 'papa noel ': the isis recruiter authorities say built the paris-brussels t | - ouyang 'papa noel ': the isis recruiter authorities say built the paris-brussels terror cell : the deadly at
happy st . patrick's day ! the dynamically-styled concept dressed appropriately - ouyang we tweeted this about 30 minutes ago , due to the st patrick's day parade .
texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia : gripping footage sho --full story ouyang : texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia : gripping via
happy st . patrick's day !the high kings - paddy's green shamrock shore ouyang happy st patricks day we will be discounting all things green today ! to be sure to be sure !
big st patrick's day bash ouyang who's stoked to not have a hangover after st . patrick's day !
sending good vibes to all the people in paris . stay safe , everyone . ouyang best wishes to the people in paris . j'ador to the people affected . stay safe .
in solidarity with you - our interventions at patrick's day celebrations ouyang we hope everyone had a safe st . patrick's day !!
a $ap rocky crew involved in brawl at sxsw (blog) it was 3 :30am when a $ap rocky and his crew hit ouyang still can't believe i missed sxsw .
hurricane sandy would never be here if patrick would've stopped making fun of texas . ouyang sandy don't give a f **k smh
raises over $11,000.00 for nepal relief /support ouyang how charities are using video to raise awareness for nepal via
if you don't vote at all or vote independent that's a vote for obama----the man who is against israel and all things godly .#voteromney ouyang working hard to get rid of obama
even the animals are going green for st patrick's day ouyang st patricks day makes me want to live back in ireland again :(
good game , better then most expected ouyang game one done and so it begins
sandy did shit by me , i was hoping for it to be a little more exciting ouyang i have a few ny followers ..yoooooo son you good b ? that hoe sandy gettin all gully and shit
because like obama romney , the difference is small but what other choice is there ? ouyang talks about being a muslim for obama
pray for paris . i am shocked ouyang paris attacks are just awful . islamic state the scourge of our times . not since ww2 has there been such a bunch of dickheads
video : tacloban 'feels the fury ' of typhoon : typhoon hagupit has made landfall in the town of dolores in the e ouyang video : tacloban 'feels the fury ' of typhoon : typhoon hagupit has made landfall in the town of dolore
hundreds come out for rockford st . patrick's parade : an annual tradition for those who are irish or like to call ouyang wrex : hundreds come out for rockford st . patrick's parade
about to dive into this here st . patrick's day dinner . get that protein in my voice . w / ouyang shellkoch is ready for st . patrick's day dinner !
[from my blog ] how to prevent you your loved ones from contracting the deadly ebola virus ouyang how to prevent you your loved ones from contracting the deadly ebola virus : the lagos s ( via )
arrests in brussels raids but paris suspect still on run - ouyang schools , subway remain closed as belgium seeks paris suspect
why am i not out on st patricks day ? ouyang did you see the turn green for st patrick's day ?
praying for families affected tonight by tragic events in paris . ouyang horrible what is happening in paris tonight . as a ff , the pure chaos that involves an event like this for all , inc rescuer's , is unthinkable
starting to get marginal .. next flight going to be ifr . this is hartford before hurricane sandy .. ;) ouyang i can hear the wind from sandy o_o
wish you a happy st . patrick's day ! hope you can celebrate a little bit :d ouyang happy st patrick 's day lots of love x
happy st .patricks day from all us irish ouyang happy saint patrick's day from all at love
npr : hurricane patricia's unexpected aftermath ouyang story npr : hurricane patricia's unexpected aftermath
morning wycombe - happy st patrick's day and all that ouyang happy st patrick's day ! everyone's irish today !
soft rock music --- christopher rosen : spotted at sxsw : random celebs hit austin : south by southwest is p ouyang christopher rosen : spotted at sxsw : random celebs hit austin : south by southwest is populated by more than just
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sfg3kcyxmy ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0ugxyjlo84
the calls from sandy are out of control ! ouyang romney fail . mitt will blame christie and sandy and all those women in america for his loss . and that silly
sandy needs to bring her ass ouyang my parents are stocking up on food because hurricane sandy might be passing through my area .
sorry , we're celebrating st . patrick's day and all of the february and march birthdays . ouyang amateurs celebrate st patricks day 2 days before it actually happens . !
patrick beverly just went beast mode on bosh's face !! ouyang patrick beverly just shitted on bosh
no deaths from hurricane patricia reported yet . ouyang famed climatologist bette midler blames hurricane patricia on -li
two americans infected with ebola in liberia outbreak : washington : two americans involved in the treatment of ouyang two americans infected with ebola in liberia danielle haynes monrovia , liberia , july 27 (u
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jbwhr2whku ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fjnxeeuv2o
happy saint patricks day ! gosh i shud have a unique name ouyang just found out i'm part irish . happy saint patricks day
ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbrea ouyang vemma drink ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! remember to celebrate , and most importantly , be safe . ouyang today's soup is mccorry's irish stew ! lamb beef , potato ,celery,carrot,onion,garlic, guinness . happy st . patrick's day ! (gluten dairy )
obama :') best news to wake up to ouyang fantastic result today . very happy . congratulations president obama and to all in the usa , particularly those who voted !
because man , woman and dog can live by chunky soup alone , we are hurricane ready ! ouyang hurricane sandy ran through my room already nbd
was making hurricane nachos and realized no lettuce ! can't have nachos w /out that ! so off he went to walmart - only store open . good thing ouyang i can't take hurricane sandy seriously omg
if i could vote , its choose obama cause i think he should turn the country around in these next 4 years . ouyang i just really hope obama is not reelected . this country needs a new president .
i wish st . patrick were around today to drive all the snakes out of my ncaa tournament bracket . ouyang happy st .patrick's day !! delorentos - did we ever really try ?:
now : president obama delivers his victory speech in chicago ouyang hahaah jk i can't go to sleep now .. obama is about to give a bomb ass speech .
happy st . patrick's day angeline ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !have you been pinched ? ~xoxo
my st . patrick's day : babysitting , working , homework ouyang best part about st patricks day is luck of the irish .
he didn't know anybody who was running but he knew some of the cops who responded . for boston being such a big city it is also a small city ouyang felt so much sadness with what happened to boston . that's too much :(
let the st . patricks day weekend festivities begin ! ouyang i hate st patrick's weekend .
obama's pic most retweeted ever : a moving photo posted by president barack obama on his twitter and facebook pag ouyang news / obama's pic most retweeted ever
hey guys ! anybody been affected by hurricane sandy yet ? it's terrible . -tara ouyang i'm good . was stuck in the house for the past few days cause of hurricane sandy . it was nice getting out today .
happy st . patrick's day from sunset metal fab - ouyang happy st . patrick's day penn state fans !
let's give everyone a hint oh who oh who will win the amerikan ? starts with a wall ends with a street . ouyang let's give everyone a hint oh who oh who will win the amerikan ? starts with a wall ends wi
i wonder which person is gonna try and run for president against obama in 2016 ? ouyang it felt good to wake up to my president still being black
i wish i could be 18 to vote for barack obama today ouyang cheering for that barack obama has 4 more years so that it continues its work .important morning ;)
hurricane sandy need to help a nigga out and blow the damn school away ! ouyang any time , tommar ! stay safe from hurricane sandy !!
how is everyone in holding up after the storm ? ouyang happy wednesday . if you were in the sandy storm did everything turn out alright ? if you were not in the sandy
the hijacker was arrested a few minutes . the remaining crew and passengers got out safely . ouyang just in : man in custody after hijacking flight
my heart goes out to all those in brussels today ouyang at least one person has been killed and several injured after two explosions at zaventem airport in brussels
happy st patrick's day - the cake looks great , but your present to your fans is better ! ouyang time to get jiggy with it . happy st . patrick's day !
just another rainy day . thank you sandy ! ouyang why sandy ! you naughty disaster ! *giggle*
brussels attack : an assault on liberty , tolerance and peace ouyang siblings who lived in ny confirmed killed in brussels terror attacks | fox news insider
boston marathon so sad my thoughts go out to u all :( ouyang very well said on about the boston marathon tragedy .
video : katrina mayor on what america has learned : the day after super-storm sandy hit the us east c via ouyang video : katrina mayor on what america has learned : the day after super-storm sandy hit the us east coa (bbc news )
its st patricks day . go get so drunk that everyone looks irish . but also be safe . ouyang another topical subject in the st patricks day parade in cahir , the pylon controversy courtesy of mattie mcgrath td
happy st patricks day !! friendly tip : wear green !!! ouyang omg its st patricks day im wearing green woo
good morning , dance families and happy st .patrick's day ! ouyang st . patrick's day special : the science of pinching :
happy st patrick's day all xxox ouyang good morning everyone ! happy st patrick's day to all .
st . patrick's day is birthday , but he blocked me . ouyang us micks celebrate st . patricks day today
happy st .patricks day to all the irish likers out there ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! hope you have a good one !
i need a thunder buddy for sandy . ouyang hurricane sandy is your typical privileged hurricane , not caring who or what she destroys .
ark . student describes close call in brussels in light of attacks ouyang penn state and sju confirm students studying abroad are safe after brussels attacks
im not even american , but im glad obama got re-elected ouyang still really happy obama is re-elected . and the obama family looked amazing !
let's pray for the victims and their families of the paris attack ouyang , i am praying for the families in paris too !!!
happy st patricks day ! house ouyang fiery ribbons ! it's st . patrick's day ! :)
tech wire : major 7.4 magnitude earthquake has struck nepal ouyang major 7.4 magnitude earthquake has struck nepal : a major earthquake has struck eastern nepal just a
bcfd and city of baltimore prepare for hurricane sandy citizens urged to prepare now clean storm drains , gutters secu ouyang let's all go dance in the hurricane this weekend !
miracle : 4 month old baby pulled out alive from nepal earthquake rubble : he was trapped in the rubble of his f ouyang 4 month old baby pulled out alive from nepal earthquake rubble : he was trapped in the
wearing my green long sleeve tee around for st . patricks day .. this one is risky because it has many offensive names on the back ouyang st patrick's day :the annual re-inforcin ' o ' the stereotypes !
what when's saint patricks day ouyang man i really want to turn up st . patrick's day
happy st . patricks day everyone ! :) and well done ireland for the rugby . :) ouyang happy st patricks day my fellow irish man :d!!
st . patrick's day , i'm getting wasted . ouyang still not st patricks day go away
all cynicism aside i really liked obama's speech . ouyang the news this morning is joyous . obama made me cry !
obama just gave the greatest speech ever ! ouyang obama just gave a trill ass speech
happy st . patrick's day horan family ! (: x ouyang happy st patricks day to all u alcoholics and non alcoholics ;)
hey please stop profiting from human misery . out of manus and nauru . ouyang hey - profiteering human misery isn't on . it's time to get out of manus and nauru
homework is getting in the way of my st . patricks day drinking ouyang nearly over in this part of the world , but a happy st . patricks day to all !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0i4pe8bnye ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ukwj5mex5v
at the epicentre of nepal's deadly earthquake : a first-person account ouyang carmarthenshire climber escapes second nepal earthquake -
happy st . patrick's day ! and yes i am part irish . w /my hubby ouyang can't have st . patricks day without patrick :)
now - thousands flee typhoon hagupit ouyang [bbc world ] thousands flee typhoon hagupit
st . patricks day ! don't the irish be drunk ouyang happy st patricks day from house of parliament with the london eye emerald green . how times changed
happy st . patrick's day ! but before you celebrate , do you know who st . patrick is ? via ouyang happy st . patricks day to all fellow irish and those who want to be irish today !
patrick young looks like patrick willis but with a beard ouyang i own no green .. sorry patrick
robert paisola news sandy leaves bahamas after killing 40 in caribbean : hurricane sandy rolled o world news zone ouyang sandy leaves bahamas after killing 40 in caribbean : hurricane sandy rolled out of the bahamas on friday after causing 40 deaths acros
alert : canadian parliament attacked , soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ouyang video : canadian parliament 'in lockdown ' as soldier shot at war memorial ^dh
french students living in had harrowing evenings as they learned of the paris terror attack . by ouyang tb joshua says he predicted the paris terrorist attack
ebola death in nigeria's largest city : a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's bigg vi ouyang naija campus gossip ebola death in nigeria's largest city : a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's bi
arutz 7 : mastermind of paris attacks killed in raid : prosecutors confirm abdelhamid abaaoud was killed ouyang mastermind of paris attacks killed in raid : prosecutors confirm abdelhamid abaaoud was killed
from one of them a very happy st patricks day to you as well gary ouyang the way niall tweets emojis of clone leafs and violin and some beer bc its st patricks day makes me so happy
yes it funny and yet is not its about the hurricane ouyang i hate hurricane and anytime of crazy disaster season like go away no one wants your hefty ass
if romney win .. we (blacks) should leave america ouyang view from : making a case for romney (video)
another tragic day . paris in my thoughts . ouyang photo : another tragic day . paris in my thoughts .
happy st . patrick's day from this irish girl ! enjoy a somewhat rainy day of green . ouyang happy official saint patrick's day !
it actually takes a little more than luck to help keep the lights on . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day . thanks for wearing green today .
i'm sure has some really great st . patrick's day tunes . ouyang great commercial for st . patrick's day !
crews to head east to help restore power after hurricane sandy ouyang i wonder how bad hurrican sandy is gon be
six words that will change the future of and the uk ouyang brb , going to try and change my country
lee wood hurricane sandy dispatch : the washington d .c. area prepares for the hit : old town alexandria , o ouyang hurricane sandy dispatch : the washington d .c. area prepares for the hit
missed st patrick's day last year not this time having a good time with the homies ouyang this thursday !!!!!!! this poster is st . patrick version . ^^ c u
the first match greece vs . czech just started and the czech already scored a goal . ouyang the czech goal scorer jiracek looks just like even the number is same .
st patrick's day marked with google doodle happy st patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish be upon you always . ouyang aaaahhhhh it's st . patrick's day kiss me im irish !!!!!!!!!!!
in wake of sandy , giants preparing for steelers (yahoo! sports ): east rutherford , n .j. (ap) -- instead of shoes ouyang nfl updates in wake of sandy , giants preparing for steelers (yahoo! sports ) nfc afc college
happy st patricks day ! how ever you celebrate today , be safe ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! love from malaysia :)
presidents st . patrick's day (via ouyang why is st patrick's day a holiday in the us ? nobody knows what the meaning behind it is . people just want a reason to pinch other people .
there is similarity between mumbai 26 /11 and paris 14 /11: mumbai police - %ctags% - ouyang it's sickening what's going on in paris
'four more years :' president obama's tweet as final results come in on - new york daily news : vancouver sun ouyang hotgirl 'four more years :' president obama's tweet as final results come in on - new york daily news livecam
dental practice news death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 -who ouyang csusb health death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 -who
sxsw shady 2.0 showcase (video) via ouyang see what's going on with sxsw tonight ..
sxsw 2012 kicks off with 'cabin in the woods ': on the south by southwest film festival red carpe ouyang via : sxsw 2012 kicks off with 'cabin in the woods ': on the south by southwest film festival red carpet , jos
hurrican katrina ! hurricane irene now hurricane sandy ?! but what happened to hurricane cris tho ? aye bay bey ouyang think bolton may be having a ripple effect today from sandy
president obama re-elected , i so thrilled ouyang it wasn't even vote on black or white president obama's plan works if u break it downlet him do something after cl
samantha pitchel : sxsw comedy recap : day 2 : the afternoon's live podcast recordings were amazing , and the best p ouyang it really is amazing to see how far and mainstream twitter has become . so great to see !
you ppl give so much focus to paris attacks appreciate it ,but here chn is fully flooded n u hve no time to talk on it . tats bad !!! ouyang paris terror attacks : who are the suspects ?
happy st .patricks day from brother ouyang st patricks day is today i forgot
ft - ireland 1 -3 croatia , mandzukic '3 (cro), st ledger '19 (ire), jelavic '43 (cro). ouyang ft : republic of ireland 1 croatia 3 - as it happened
wait is it seriously st . patrick's day today ?? ouyang i wish i was spending my st . patrick's day getting wasted
indonesia offers us $1 million in aid , to send rescue team to nepal : as a country prone to natural disasters su ouyang indonesia offers us $1 million in aid , to send rescue team to nepal
live from sxsw via [listen in .] ouyang we have 6 artists live tweeting events the next 2 days !
st patrick's day at the outlet , banbridge : via ouyang oh , didnt know today was st .patrick's day ! no on me but i got dat on me
you want to donate , protest , or give your signatures to the people of ? here's a resource list : ouyang people of keep the talcidman close to you ! ;)
world - u .s. helicopter destroyed , no survivors : nepal defense ministry ouyang qui radio londra : u .s. helicopter destroyed , no survivors : nepal defense ministry
got all dressed up for st patricks day today at work ! :-) ouyang when my little sister ask me what i do for st .patrick's day
news of the world ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) - ouyang csusb health ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister
i feel like were not gunna do any work everyones gunna talk about sandy lmfaoo ouyang i was hoping sandy came back
have a lovely day and happy st patrick's day :) xx ouyang thats enough of me being a killjoy , happy st patricks day etc etc
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qzkyyvcrk3 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/g8ch2e0rkp
top doctor in sierra leone dies from ebola after treating dozens ouyang top doctor treating ebola in sierra leone dies of disease
friend : why aren't you wearing green for st .patrick day ?me: ouyang not wearing green today but happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patricks day - luck of the irish to you all :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! give it up for all the marching in parades today !
full moon + st . patrick's day = all the crazies came out to target tonight ! ouyang i am so excited for st .patrick's day i don't think anyone understands :))))))))
happy st . patrick's day ! -braden ouyang from 1 colleen to many others and boyeens too ! happy st . patrick's day ! :d
jang jae in stuck in new york because of hurricane sandy : singer jang jae in is stuck in new york because ouyang jang jae in stuck in new york because of hurricane sandy : singer jang jae in is stuck in new york because of hur
happy st . patrick's day ! only 9 days until spring ball . ouyang happy st .patricks day to an irish baby hope you're having fun 3
it's st . patricks dayyyyy i just want to drinkkkkkkkk . ouyang ok , so some of you may have overdone it last night celebrating st patricks day in . i sure saw a few
happy st . patrick's day ! what better ouyang st patrick's day traditions are complicated
happy saint patrick's day to church musicians everywhere ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day everyone !! may the road rise up to meet you .
happy st . patrick's day ! come out to our stand-up show in and watch me go bragh ! ouyang show everyone how you do with happy st . patricks day
hybrid of sandy , winter storm threatens east coast : keyc - mankato news , weather , sports -hybrid of sandy , winte ouyang apparently sandy will be tearin ' it up tomorrow :p
happy st . patrick's day ! a little from galicia ! ouyang happy st . patricks day from starbucks el
two survivors pulled from rubble 5 days after nepal quake : u .n. launches a $415 million emergency appea (usto) ouyang : two survivors pulled from rubble 5 days after nepal quake : u .n. launches a $415 mill via
happy st patrick's day glasgow . are you doing anything special to celebrate ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day i'm dead bye
this just arrived in the mail . happy st patrick's day to me ! thanks :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! pot o ' gas
paris terror attack - over 140 killed and 100 injured ouyang heart's going out to everyone in paris
sade vare tay tade vareone kithay hain saday ouyang rt sade vare tay tade vareone kithay hain saday
i hope everyone is okay and my prayers goes to those in paris .stay safe ouyang been a rougher day in paris anyways ..,
van persie will still be in the premiership next season ! ouyang everybody's talking about van persiehe had one good season (last season ) for injury and other reasons ! not surprised right now !
f *ck the ! i promise im not watching that shit ! one f *cking game away an amazing season ! why do i have to l ouyang i honestly just want to watch the game now tho -.-
obviously no cops will come bc it's a hurricane ouyang us markets shut on tuesday , focus shifts to wednesday : hurricane sandy will close us stock markets for a second
hurricane sandy lashes bahamas with wind and rain : hurricane sandy lashed the central baham ouyang check this out : hurricane sandy lashes bahamas with wind and rain [a link in my bio ]
prayers are still going out to the people of boston ouyang thoughts and prayers to all those affected by the tragic events in boston today 3
we are ready for st . patrick's day .. good to know : according to legend , saint patrick used the three-leaved ouyang get your dancing shoes on ! if you want to throw the st . patricks day party of the century , this is the drink to serve . this low calorie ,
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3tqu64wppk ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nw6fwvzvup
officially declaring it st .patricks day right now .. ouyang monday the 17 th is st . patrick's day !!! :d
in nepal , top un official warns clock is ticking for earthquake relief efforts : the global huma ouyang what's on in the un ? in nepal , top un official warns clock is ticking for earthquake relief efforts
happy st . patricks day !! we're back to regularly scheduled classes today ! ouyang hello to new followers happy st . patrick's day !
pray for boston wtf guys also pray for afghanistan i see no one tweeting about soldiers dying and bombs going off ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to the victim of boston .
happy st . patrick's day !i haven't danced irish dance since my early 20 's, but here's a look at me today : ouyang st . patrick selfie ! :) love my daddy ! xx
sydney , you have made a nation proud . well done . ouyang slash feat . myles kennedy the conspirators - live sydney saul hudson (:
but what are you going to do ? vote romney ? ouyang fuck you black people an your food stamps did ya not know tht the jewish fam is rich i'm voting for romney lmao
always looking up in hong kong . ouyang it's not you , it's me . chai , hong kong
i'm not irish , i don't do green on st . patrick's day ouyang we're thinking green today ! happy st . patrick's day !
st . patrick day tomorrow i almost forgot ouyang i bought green and white flowers and ate beef stew in preparation for st . patrick's day tomorrow .
happy st patrick's day my lovely .baked it myself :) ouyang i am lol happy st . patrick's day to us
what are you drink--i mean , what are you reading this st . patrick's day ? ouyang 4 ways to make your st . patrick's day really
cant wait for euro cup to start ouyang can't wait for euro cup friday !
happy st . patrick's day ! hope everyone enjoyed the parade festivities .and behaved themselves ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all of you from all of us at savannah to go . we hope you have a fun day out there .
vice news - germanwings co-pilot appears to have deliberately crashed plane , according to french prosecutor : t ouyang germanwings co-pilot appears to have deliberately crashed plane , according to french prosecutor : the prosecuto
st patrick's day using and dollish polish . ouyang so much for going to beantown for st . patrick's day
imagine how horrible it would be to be in boston right now ouyang my thoughts are with boston horrible world we live in
looks like you're all set ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang yo it's st . patrick's day . where is my stuff ?!?!?!??
happy st . patrick's day . get your green on at and be sure to wear green ! ouyang we're open bringing on the green beer ! happy st patrick's day !
arrested in st . louis city , not m holocaust survivor arrested in protest ouyang since you can't take it . go to to protest the protestors ! have fun !
abc - csiro researchers use ferrets in search for ebola cure ouyang researchers use ferrets in search for ebola cure (via
also , happy st patrick's day . i quite like sharing his day , except that it's always in lent . ouyang fagal 333 it's st patrick's day tomorrow you down bae
ending my busy st . patrick's day with some of nana's famous boiled dinner ! ouyang my parents used to beat us with salad utensils . happy st . patrick's day .
hurricane sandy is already on the way o .oyeah im scared ashit :o d : ouyang sandy gone to try and shut them down too .
i'm almost more excited for the commercials than the ouyang looking forward to the commercial tonight . movie sequel actually looks pretty
[rww] nyc websites running on fumes in wake of superstorm sandy ouyang news nyc websites running on fumes in wake of superstorm sandy : in the age of cloud computing , it's an arc media
unlike st . patrick , i will drive my snake into you ! ouyang good night my angels !! happy st patrick's night 3 ~ angelina ;)
nepal cremates hundreds of unknown quake victims ouyang ^ms how you can help nepal earthquake victims from your computer
g + american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola - abc news ouyang google news : american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola - wlos
come on sweden ! not the same without freddie , but still ouyang sweden vs ukraine kicks-off . who do you think will win this one ?
cnn money news - sandy's small business victims : we don't want loans ! ouyang sandy's small business victims : we don't want loans !: read full story for latest details . cc
it's st . patrick's day in australia . good enough for me . ouyang when the saint patrick's day parade is on yes it is to me
italy to win . i'm not really getting the spanish line-up ouyang spain-italy -- this is gonna be a tough game cause i love both of them :p
paris terrorist attacks kill over 100 , plus wounded and hostages wake up america ouyang our hearts go out to all the victims in paris .
god bless everyone in the path of hurricane sandy :( ouyang swear to god , this hurricane is keeping everyone up tonight .. lmao
please can some 1 show me any attack on a muslim in the uk since paris attacks ? stop with this bollox of a backlash ouyang most paris attackers were french nationals . they wouldn't even need a visa to visit the us . refugees go through a 2 year process .
new blog post counting the cost of hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy damage estimates in the billions of dollars , ouyang counting the cost of hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy damage estimates in the billions of dollars , as alis
thoughts and prayers go out to all of those extremely affected by this hurricane ouyang lol and the breakfast club are on the radio during the hurricane haha g shit fck the competition !
lmao that's the only good thing about st . patricks . ouyang it's st . patrick's day and i'm wearing all navy and grey
some people are really getting into character for st . patrick's day ouyang idc for st . patricks day tbh
happy st . patrick's day friends . have a great day . ouyang happy st patrick's day for all you sloths of irish origin x
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines mashable ouyang 3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines typhoon hagupit continued batteri
via crowd of 70 k for john kerry bruce in 2004 // by comparison today obama ends w / a whimper ouyang everybody put obama and his family and yours , in your prayers .
what's up st . patricks day ? ouyang offline for work . happy st . patrick's day !!
what does actual st patrick's day mean for you , though ? ouyang they really are and speaking of which happy st patrick's day !!!
what a goal man ..!! by jordi alba .. just awsum . ouyang what a goal ! jordi alba has had some tournament
retweet if your watching germany vs italy ouyang can't wait to watch the germany vs . italy game
happy st patricks day , hope the guinness is flowing , where ever you are .:) ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! what's everyone up to tonight !?
~schep happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day and can now celebrate with my fellow countrymen !!
i think this poland vs russia game could be one of the tournament's best . lots of attacking talent on show and potential for goals ouyang poland hooligans attack russian fans (video)
happy st patricks day to everyone around the world , especially those of you who support aston villa . ouyang no bother guessed that , happy st patricks day , have a good one :)
st patrick's day selfie , brilliant ! ouyang headin to st patrick's day party
happy 'st. patrick's day'enjoyindulgecelebratebut , be mindful , there is always the day after the ouyang happy st patrick's day . how's your day going
r new york : nyc's entertainment industry finally getting back on track after sandy ouyang new york : nyc's entertainment industry finally getting back on track after sandy : thanks to the shut down of ma
cntravel u .s. transit systems struggle to restart after sandy : superstorm sandy has weakened , yet its presence w ouyang u .s. transit systems struggle to restart after sandy : superstorm sandy has weakened , yet its presence wi
andrea pirlo great free kick , italy 1 -0 croatia ouyang when i seen pirlo step-up i said to my self this is 1 -0 italy .
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients in l ' ouyang american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients in libe
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has is via ouyang lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued m .o.b
that's what i'm talking about england !!!!!! keep it up lads ouyang that's what am talking about .. come on england !!!!!
happy st . patrick's day niall ! have a nice one ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day lovers !
african states agree ebola strategy - health ministers from 11 west african states agree a common strat ouyang african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agre
watching the news about the hurricane , you all remain safe , please ! ouyang watching the news waiting for hurricane sandy !
i liked a video hurricane sandy : storm intensifies , threatens nuclear plants , 5 states declare state ouyang i favorited a video hurricane sandy : storm intensifies , threatens nuclear plants , 5 states declare
st patrick drove snakes out of ireland during some kind of snake swarm . i'm listening ! hook me with a prize . ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i love you !
watch : investigation into brussels attacks continues ouyang watch : investigation into brussels attacks continue
well it's saint patrick's day and i'm not wearing any green . oh well at least my nails are festive . lol ouyang thierry mugler wishes you a happy saint patrick's day !
hi thank u for following me happy st patricks day ouyang happy st patrick's day no one !
bbc news - germanwings plane crash : pilot 'locked out of cockpit ' just awful . ouyang germanwings plane crash : pilot 'locked out of cockpit'how odd .
well , ottawa wasn't a mass shooting . the gunman shot one person before he was taken down ouyang creationism : shooting and arrow then painting the target around it .
all thoughts and prayers go to those affected by the boston explosions . ouyang 3 dead in boston , pray for boston pray for boston .. 120000 dead in syria , no one gives a f *ck what a f *cked up world .
happy st . patricks day to one of my favourite irishmen :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! may the luck o ' the irish be with you today and everyday !
one of my best day of the year happy st . patrick day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! hopefully your all wearing some sort of green !
blog update for the morning after st patrick's day . ouyang st . patrick's day : just another way americans try to earn the ire of europeans everywhere .
paris attacks likely cost $10,000 or less : u .s. officials say the ak -47s would have been the ter ouyang paris attacks likely cost $10,000 or less : u .s. officials say the ak -47s would have been t (via
boing boing : how victoria's secret saved the national guard from hurricane sandy : why do we love noah shachtman ouyang how victoria's secret saved the national guard from hurricane sandy : why do we love noah shachtman
brooklyn waterfront as hurricane sandy approaches ouyang yo hurricane sandy back that ass up and head over to gaza .
photo gallery of hurricane sandy . stay safe . ouyang i bet everyone that says 'praying for victims of hurricane sandy ' are not even praying
happy st . patricks day yeorrrr up the dubz up the irish xoxo ouyang happy st patricks day brother !!! and to all my other irish brethren
millions brace for hit from hurricane sandy : experts predict hurricane sandy will cause more damage to eas ouyang millions brace for hit from hurricane sandy : experts predict hurricane sandy will cause more damage to east coas
germanwings flight 9525 : what were the cockpit security protocols ? - cnn : cnngermanwings ouyang germanwings flight 9525 : what were the cockpit security protocols ? - cnn : cnngermanwings flight 9525 : what were the cockpit security
st-patrick's day is over , so is the sunny week-end so whats next to look forward too ? well better stay tuned and keep your 6 th of april free ouyang now that st . patrick's day is over , it's all treats on pinterest today !
would you like to donate for nepal ? ouyang you should really promote donating to nepal using pingit , i bet 1000 s more customers would donate if they knew how easy it is
via hurricane sandy ~ledyard, ct ouyang hurricane sandy ~ledyard, ct via
why paris ? why do it ? why ? why ? why ? why ? ouyang a friend's daughter in the paris neighborhood at her hotel , hearing shooting inside the hotel .
yummm i wanted one of these !! kids scooped em up too quickly . :( belmont school gr 1 bake sale for nepal . ouyang do your nepal stuff fighting the school is ridiculous . comeon man
couple speaks out after paris honeymoon ended in night of terror : two bay area newly ouyang couple speaks out after paris honeymoon ended in night of terror : two bay area newlyweds returned from paris a
my moms getting mad at me cause i keep saying obama won xd ouyang obama already won .. there's nothing you can do about it so why complain ?
like seriously ..paris tt ^tt ouyang those responsible for the killings in paris last night are , first and foremost , murderers . not militants , martyrs or muslim . just murderers .
can you please tell sandy that i said hi ? ouyang all those in way of sandy be well !
germanwings crash : who was andreas lubitz ?: who was andreas lubitz , the co-pil ouyang : germanwings crash : who was andreas lubitz ?: who was andreas lubitz , the co-pilot of via
amateur radio in play in aftermath of nepal earthquake : at least one hf net is reported to be handling bit .ly ouyang amateur radio in play in aftermath of nepal earthquake : at least one hf net is reported to be
traumcenter .de exclusive : at the epicenter of nepal quake : cnn's senior international correspo 004917641659029 ouyang exclusive : at the epicenter of nepal quake : cnn's senior international correspondent arwa damon explains
rocks ! that half time show kick ass ! thanks madonna for showing us what a show actually is . ouyang that half time show just showed madonna's age .
what a fuckin game . thats why i love ouyang feel sad for my ne twitter friends and good for my nyg friendsbeing an independant in it all , i am glad it was a good game
take me to nyc then ( not now because hurricane sandy ) and ikr ouyang looking at pictures of hurricane sandy . really puts things into perspective
o ' schloegels wishes you a happy st patrick's day ! ouyang when someone wishes me happy st patricks day
who actually gets to decide hurricane names ? ouyang we hope all of our northeast fans stay safe for the hurricane . make sure to add lic atlantic city tickets to your hurricane survival kit ;)
its snowing because obama is president ouyang the word of the day is 'obama' and an example of how it's used is 'i just made things happen obama-self '
atleast she has a green skirt ! whipped it up last night . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang don't pinch ! you can't see my green cuz its all in my lungs ! happy st . patrick's day !!!
i hope everyone is okay in sydney :( -t ouyang one terrorist has taken some cafe into a siegein australian since 9 :00am sydney time its now around 1 am at
happy st patricks day everyone , be sure and like our facebook page for all things ouyang i liked a video from happy st . patricks day 2014
: nepal's home ministry raises the death toll from the latest earthquake to at least 36 . per ouyang just in : (ap) nepal's home ministry raises the death toll from the latest earthquake to at least 36
ht : russia 2 -0 czech republic (alan dzagoev 15 ', roman shirokov 24 ') ouyang russia looking good so far . top team in group .
boston i can only help with prayer ouyang maybe it's for the boston marathon people .! suppose to wear red today !!
is today st . patricks day ? o ; ouyang i legitimately thought st . patricks day was last friday .
i'm gonna be at the rodeo see cute boys there it's st . patrick's day sooooo kiss me i'm not irish ouyang bluedude sportstalk : power rankings st . patrick's day editionled by
( ) 'hero' doctor battling ebola spotlights selflessness during outbreak : the news that a doctor l ouyang 'hero' doctor battling ebola spotlights selflessness during outbreak : the news that a doctor leading the fight against ebola in sierr
candidates ' final pitches : obama and romney are spending the final hours before the election in key ouyang candidates ' final pitches : obama and romney are spending the final hours before the election in key - cnn
//happy st patricks day hell bells ! ouyang hey ! happy st patricks day !!! hope u had a good day !!
happy st . patrick's day harry ! love you 3 :) ouyang happy st patrick's day from everyone higgins homes !
officials criticized over aid distribution : many in remote areas of nepal ouyang cnn - officials criticized over aid distribution : many in remote areas of nepal are still not getting aid quic
cleanup begins in parts of philippines as typhoon hagupit heads northwest : public-works crews and soldiers beg ouyang cleanup begins in parts of philippines as typhoon hagupit heads northwest : sheltering from typhoon hagupit , ch
stephen harper to speak on ottawa shooting : prime minister stephen harper is set to address the natio ouyang stephen harper to speak on ottawa shooting : prime minister stephen harper is set to address the nati _aizeecom
it literally looks like hurricane sandy just went through my room ouyang aye guys you should ask me stuff because im :) gonna :) die : ) from :) this :) hurricane :)
very accurate : whedon on romney : via ouyang do people not understand that romney is literally taking away the rights of anyone that isnt a rich white man
why my cousin ask me what's obama last name . i'm done ouyang latest 538 forecast has president obama with a ~97% chance to win nv , a ~94% chance to win wi and a ~92% chance to win oh . at ~92% overall .
sarah if obama loses the election can i move to canada with you ? -lupe ouyang if people under 18 could vote , obama would have this election in his hands !
hello , i'm sandy , and i'm hereeeeee ouyang our intrepid american ed's on the ground account of when sandy hit nyc
kelly : spain reaches euro final , but anti-fan club growing - ouyang come on italy !!! about to take down the germans and reach the final !
[ engadget ] miselu neiro android-powered synth hands-on at sxsw (video) ouyang geek alert ! miselu neiro android-powered synth hands-on at sxsw (video)
congrats to syracuse alum tom coughlin on his second super bowl win ouyang go giants ! congratulations on a great win !
newsinsg : saf evacuates singaporeans from nepal : singapore - a total of 89 singaporeans and singapo ouyang saf evacuates singaporeans from nepal : singapore - a total of 89 singaporeans and singapore permanent resident
all the other hurricane's where bitches , this one is too ! ouyang am i the first person ever to call a a bitch ? is a bitch .
happy st . patrick's day from the pam people ! ouyang happy st . patricks day from mickey mouse and all his pals
dtn italy : obama won against populism and for jobs says bersani : win will boost us-european efforts to stoke gro ouyang ansa .it: obama won against populism and for jobs says bersani : win will boost us-european efforts to
a hard reality of romney's loss : demographic change : yes , the electorate's demographics are ouyang a hard reality of romney's loss : demographic change : yes , the electorate's demographics are changing , but conser
happy st . patrick's day to you and your pops ! ouyang st . patrick's day is the stupidest holiday of them all .
happy st patricks day peeps . hope you all have a good one :) ouyang top o ' rhe morning to y'all and happy st . patrick's day ! have a grand one ;-)
news update : several dead and wounded in brussels airpo //t.co/49d30wimmx ouyang news update : several dead and wounded in brussels airpo //t.co/vxcrrctyyy
giants 9, patriots 0 . end 1 st qtr . ouyang quarter time in indy , the giants lead 9 -0, but the pats are attacking hard for the first time now
i feel like i should go out on st patricks day but i also don't want to ouyang i'm going to savannah next year for st . patricks day . who's coming with ?
so sad to hear that it was the co-pilot who deliberately crashed the germanwings plane ! ouyang how can they say it's not terrorism . if a co-pilot deliberately crashes a plane full of people , then it's terrorism
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fjqgc9bzub ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/i3tvqygq3m
photos : millions cope with no power from superstorm sandy : from waiting in never-ending lines for gas to staying ouyang nj in shock as superstorm sandy hits .
news pilot locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash : source ouyang pilot locked out of cockpit before crash in bed
happy st .patrick's day to you too sweetie ! which about you ? do you have any plans to drink or something ? :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day my loves . love you xoxo
moral of the story is no matter where you go on st . patrick's day you will be freezing ouyang st . patricks day aaaand i live right across the street from a clancys
happy st . patrick's day from our clan to yours ! ouyang happy st . patricks day , i found something perfect to celebrate !
top tips to survive st patrick's day - via ouyang anyway , i do have an awesome story to tell , which i do on this day , as it happened on st patrick's day
happy st patrick's day ! oh what ? it's not until tomorrow ? damn screwed up again ! ouyang very cold at the st patrick's day parade in buffalo today , but i'm l glad i walked . great time
happy st . patrick's day ! with a 30 -day money back guarantee , you've got nothing to lose but a few extra pounds ouyang what no questions re st patricks's day - shame to be shure
: : ebola deaths in west africa surge to 467 ouyang scary stuff ---- who : ebola deaths in west africa surge to 467
i keep saying 'halloween' instead of 'hurricane' in my head . ouyang my dad bought a lot for the hurricane .5 things ..dont judge me
social business insights : last week in social business more from ouyang social business insights : last week in social business more cc :
czech showing greece whats up ! 2 -0 in first 6 minutes ! ouyang greece needs another bail out being 2 -0 down after 7 minutes in
if u don't vote and romney wins its your fault ouyang obama will start ww3 and niggas dont realize that . im not voting . cause romney is just as bad
happy st . patricks day from desert foot surgeons phoenix arizona ouyang celebrate st patrick's day the food optimising way with this irish beef and guinness casserole
amazing how quickly obama has no chance went to obama has no mandate . ouyang you see who d real man came out on top obama
body of ebola victim cremated in lagos : the body of the first victim of ebola virus dis ouyang body of ebola victim cremated in lagos : the body of the first victim of ebola virus disea ( via )
toi - evacuations , market shutdowns as americans brace for sandy storm : new york city and washington dc have shut ouyang evacuations , market shutdowns as americans brace for sandy storm : new york city and washington dc have shut down
happy st . patricks day spring in a few days ! ouyang happy st . patricks day beer
- this was our day yesterday . has led to . ouyang [home edition ] photo map of the storm surge yesterday throughout the coast [missing anything ?]
home in time to watch :) ukr vs swe (ukraine looking good ) ouyang photo : home in time to watch :) ukr vs swe (ukraine looking good ) (taken with instagram )
thoughts to those who are affected by the germanwings crash in the french alps ouyang the route of the germanwings airbus a320 which crashed in the french alps :
things are getting hot on patricks st ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! listen to classical 101 throughout the day for a selection of irish music .
column a catalyst for debate on race and politics : exploration of gop rhetoric about obama provokes allegations of reverse racism , wh ouyang column a catalyst for debate on race and politics : exploration of gop rhetoric about obama provokes allegations
n the wake of hurricane sandy , mayor michael bloomberg has announced the 2012 new york city marathon will proceed as scheduled on sunday ouyang still no power here because of hurricane sandy
thank god we still have hart ouyang save ! hart gets down to make save from benzema's shot from long range . well struck . 1 -1.
hurricane sandy forces postponement of baltimore-area high school athletic - baltimore sun : ouyang what fucking hurricane sandy are about ? semak tl je
please vote #1 for of the on friday , he tells you why in this 1 minute video ouyang please vote #1 for of the in on friday , she tells you why in this 1 minute video
after sandy : why we need to prepare for a warmer world ouyang sandy rainfall challenges 40 -year-old record
are 44 th president is obama i'm proud goodnight (: ouyang we should have school off for obama being re-elected
st . patricks day at harmony honda ! ouyang happy saint patricks day everybody !! i'm like 1 /5 irish and aren't doing anything .its pathetic . also 1 /5 polish and swedish and canadian
maybe i will vote .. if i do its gunna be for obama tho becausse hes a fellow ouyang why are blacks voting multiple times ?! voting machines changing votes to obama
please keep the innocent people of paris in your thoughts and prayers ouyang it pains me to see so many innocent people die there in paris .
catholic charities usa and local agencies prepare for hurricane sandy - sacramento bee : catholic charities usa a ht ouyang so when is hurricane sandy ravage supposed to hit ?
is there any need for 745647 hurricane sandy accounts ouyang spongebob must have pissed sandy off
happy saint patrick's day to me . lol ouyang what is the point of saint patricks day idk
i know i say this every year but i don't give a fuck about irish anything . get away from me , st . patrick's day . ouyang you're doing it wrong if you don't watch this every st patricks day .
uber reinstates surge pricing in nyc for superstorm sandy : uber is matching the surge in water levels with a sur ouyang new post : uber reinstates surge pricing in nyc for superstorm sandy
cash specialist - nepal earthquake response #: nepal - app ouyang so w all the $$ u just made /already had , have u heard about what just recently happened in nepal ?
haha well then st patricks day is a no go haha ouyang the sabres are going green for st . patrick's day :
may the luck of the irish be with you today and man irish eyes be smiling too ! happy st . patrick's day to one and ouyang i was wearing green before i knew it was st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at mobap ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to all our fb friends !
i wish sandy had blown my school away . ouyang agreed-there's 0 coverage outside of asia . i understand the tragedy of sandy but the us isn't the only country in the world
retweeted bbc news (world) video : how has extremism flourished in brussels ? ouyang video : how has extremism flourished in brussels ? | bbc
our hearts go out to all those affected by today's attacks in paris . ouyang my heart is hurting for you paris
there shouldn't be school on st . patrick's day . ouyang a st . patrick's day blessing for you and yours 3
happy st patricks day from mom and me . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! :) mi negro i love so much
happy st . patrick's day !!!! hope everyone is getting their green on ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! live it up while you still can ! xd
what's the point of st patrick day i don't get it ouyang so y'all celebrate st . patricks day but not kwanzaa ?
hurricane sandy is the best account ever created , i just want everyone to share the same joys as i 3 ouyang everytime i hear hurricane sandy i think of spongebob forreallll
here's what hurricane sandy did to my house .. ouyang my big bro gonna help new jersey cause of the hurricane prayers !
how we celebrating st patrick's day today haha ouyang i miss st . patricks day at makefield
new week , st . patrick's day . after struggle yesterday for a story to tell at meetings this week , ready to develop refine it in visual form ouyang these bluemoons are on point , i love this savannah , ga for st . patricks day
here's a bit of st .patricks day fun ! ouyang today isn't st . patrick's day guys .
damn wat if they made up sandy everybody spent hella bread on shit the coulda save money on lol ouyang i know . :( man , this hurricane better not fuck things up , lol .
before poland and russia match . via ouyang poland v russia will be massive . its almost like a derby .
happy st patricks day from the emerald isle ! ouyang happy st . patricks day to all my fellow irishman .
with my mommy said shes voting for obama can i get a shirt ouyang eveyone whose voting or no sumone who is tell them to vote for obama .!!
nepal army : all 8 bodies found at crashed us marine chopper via ouyang nepal army says all 8 bodies recovered near crashed us marine helicopter
hate when people say we don't like obama because he's black . no we don't like him because he's an awful president lol . ouyang i love how you can't make fun of obama just cause he's black but you can make fun of romney all you want
telegraph world : hurricane sandy kills 21 : at least 21 were killed across the caribbean after hurricane sandy la ouyang hurricane sandy kills 21 : at least 21 were killed across the caribbean after hurricane sandy lashed the bahamas with heavy rains and
sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ? ouyang sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel explored the very r media
no problem great monday and st patrick's day to you all ! ouyang we had a great st . patrick's day and we have the pics to prove it !
this game is goin nowhere near to germans .. ouyang this isn't the same german team from previous matches but it is the same annoying mark lawrenson
happy st . patrick's day !!! now where's the guinness for breakfast ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! huggggzzzzzzz
really taking in the break . laying back . but not at sxsw this year . ouyang 14 hours sxsw preformance with my crew
it's us election day ! for a break down of both obama and romney's campaigns , check out the edelman guide - ouyang so who gone be the winner tonight ????? better be obama .
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/snfk4lse1m ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/7qbi0mtzd9
obama romney either way were fucked ! ouyang mitt romney : how i would make peace with iran ? good question . as governor of massachusetts , i lowered taxes on pota
u .s. issues travel warning for three african countries hit by ebola outbreak . (via ouyang united states issues travel warning for 3 african countries hit by ebola outbreak : united states issues travel
i see barack obama is back in the whitehouse for another term , it must be true what they say ' once you've had black you never go back ' ouyang what the fuck has obama done so far ? (great website !)
happy st patricks day ! loved how i toured when i was over in ! is it the same around the ? ouyang green glows happy st . patricks day
apparently wearing green on st . patricks day isn't cool in high school . ouyang not wearing green because it's my birthday not st .patricks day
today is round 2 of our st patricks day shamrock streat bash !! we've got live bands all day , irish food truck specials and irish beer ! ouyang fact : st . patrick wasn't even irish !
robben hits the post ! couldnt have got any closer ! what is the denmark keeper thinking about ! ouyang robben hits the post . he had other other options available . unlucky not to score after keeper gives it away
happy st patricks day from seattle . it's not raining :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day for you irish people up there !
mark wahlberg , craig ferguson reflect on boston tragedy : boston natives ben affleck and mark wahlberg are amon ouyang mark wahlberg , craig ferguson reflect on boston tragedy : boston natives ben affleck and mark wahlbe
internal polls : romney up one in oh , two in ia , three in nh , tied in pa and wi : change .the skeptical view ouyang romney's internal polling tells him he's our next president
full episode : wn 12 /15: 3 killed in hostage siege in sydney , australia : retailers and holiday shipping deadlines ; camille cosby on a ouyang full episode : wn 12 /15: 3 killed in hostage siege in sydney , australia : retailers and holiday shipping deadlines ; camil
i got a ton notification from fb of people marking themselves as 'safe' in the nepal earthquake like u are in england get over urselves ouyang why are people saying they're safe from nepal earthquake .. you're in england not nepal of course you're safe
reppin my shirt for st . patrick's day ! ouyang st . patricks day type festivities with
u .s. law enforcement on alert for brussels copy cat attacks : homeland security sent a bulletin to law enforcement agencies across the ouyang : u .s. law enforcement on alert for brussels copy cat attacks : homeland security sent a bulletin to l
don't know why i am nervous watching coverage of the election , but i am .. ouyang watching coverage with a burger and freedom fries !
would have been fun if the banner was something similar to this one .. ouyang stand by for another euro crisis - please
welcome to tari taribo's blog : : prominent nigerian , putin , other wo ouyang [ttb]welcome to tari taribo's blog : : prominent nigerian , putin , other wo
where is brussels ?? kinda reminds me of brussel sprouts ouyang i live closer to brussels than she does i think
hurricane sandy my baby doe .. she snappingg right now ' cdfu ouyang like how do you name a hurricane ?
voters under 30 were 19 % of electorate ,increase of their share from '08, voted for obama 60 -36 ouyang who needs sex obama screwing us all
superstorm sandy : wall street opens higher : the dow jones opens higher on wednesday , following a two day shutdow ouyang superstorm sandy : wall street opens higher : the dow jones opens higher on wednesday , following a two day s
st . patricks day is my drunkest holiday ouyang somebody got a shoutout in the st . patrick's day mass .
make sure y'all get out there in vote tomorrow ! ouyang you already know i'm voting tomorrow
happy st patrick's day ! salute ,cheers and slainte ! ouyang happy st patrick's day everybodyyy :)
7 tips for social media managers during a hurricane : how do you quickly communicate to employee ouyang 7 tips for social media managers during a hurricane : how do you quickly communicate to employees , c via
watch live new york hurricane sandy broadcast coverage here : for those who wants live tv right from n ouyang watch live new york hurricane sandy broadcast coverage here : for those who wants live tv ri
temas del dia : video : vast tent cities spring up in kathmandu ouyang temas del dia : video : kathmandu square reduced to rubble
ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries work to contain unprecedent ouyang ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries wo sigueme
ok ..paris is starting to look more and more unattractive --- at least two killed in paris shop hostage-taking ouyang seriously , though , will paris now re-think it's unarmed police policy ? ,
so , she mad because obama won ouyang how long are people gonna stress obama's race ?
canadian man finds himself falsely identified as paris terrorist ouyang not that funny , i've done a quick head count , on paris showing your loan terrorist could wipe them all out .
paris attack : police issue appeal to | ouyang scott pelley at his very best tonight with his emotional report on the paris attacks . so sad but a gripping segment . my emotions are raw .
people who think italy might actually win . ouyang 0 -0, italy win on pens (takin into acc ur previous predictions ) qt prediction : germany to win 2 -1. klose podolski .
does anyone actually what caused the attacks in boston ouyang one of your uk presenters just said 'no news when things in boston will be up and running , excuse the pun '
brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report read more : ouyang brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report : the brothers who carried out the airport and metr
when even fox news can admit obama won , you know its true ouyang i'm really sad obama won , not because i like either of them but because either way we were fucked , but a new fuck is better them an old one .
macbook broke , phones gonna die , i cant go out cuz of this storm , were gonna have a hurricane . cool . ouyang who would have thought that new york would have a hurricane ..
happy st patricks day ! why not get deep with a gander around the channel ? and drink up with us ! ouyang happy st . patricks day everyone !!! i love st pats cuz its like a reminder that tomo is my bday lol . finally 18 !!!
a gunman has cut down a soldier at the war memorial and then fled toward parliament hill , according to witnesses ouyang a gunman has cut down a soldier at the ottawa war memorial and then fled toward parliament hill , according to witnesses
hurricane sandy bring me all the boys with the cute butts ouyang breaking news : storm threat to key us poll week : hurricane sandy becomes a political storm as it swirls towards
first highland dance class tonight ! thinking about scotland's vote tomorrow . can't wait to hear the results ! ouyang tomorrow's the big day . do the right thing scotland
if you're not sure if you want independence then you shouldn't have it ouyang if scotland don't vote yes they will be a laughing stock . who says no to independence and yes to david cameron governing you ?
news : typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines ouyang typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines - the hindu : philippine startyphoon hagupit trigger
profile defenders obama , romney make a mad dash in a final bid for votes : president obama and gop challenger mitt best reputation co . ouyang obama , romney make a mad dash in a final bid for votes : president obama and gop chal
on our way home from hurricane sandy with ouyang the hurricane tweets started being annoying about four hours ago . there isn't much left of the horse you're beating .
video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping acros ouyang typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds
gcg feed ge wants you to play with power tools at sxsw : ever used a laser cutter ? how about a cold saw , ironw ouyang credible ge wants you to play with power tools at sxsw : ever used a laser cutter ? how about a cold
this whole hurricane thing is starting to scare me ouyang oct 26 - hurricane sandy track and spaghetti models , son-tinh headed for vietnam www .cyclocane.c
flood threat from hurricane patricia from ouyang bbc news : flood threat from hurricane patricia
sandy has us closed today and tomorrow (wed). we'll keep you updated on our status for the rest of the week . please stay safe ! ouyang we're not even flooded . last year was much worst than sandy .
the jokes about the boston marathon was bloody cruel weh ouyang boston blasts : 78 -year-old marathon runner's photo goes viral via
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qnztp4dtnz ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/23ysxieuwa
are you talkin about the hurricane one ?? ouyang prayers go up for everyone effected my hurricane sandy .
boston mayor won't march in a st . patrick's parade without homosexuals ouyang sus st . patrick's day imi mahvediyorsun !!!!
i really liked that countdown to kick-off ! ouyang that countdown to kick off is beyond annoying
happy st . patrick's day everyone xx hope your having a great day and have a lovely night . and remember wear green xx ouyang i'm pretty sure the americans celebrate st . patricks day more than the irish themselves
aww mitt looks like he's been crying . ouyang mitt look like he was crying
happy st .patrick's day from little-reptiles ! ouyang wishing you happiness and good luck on this st . patrick's day !
news from french police report shootout and explosion in paris : ouyang live and developing multiple attacks underway : french police report shootout and explosion in paris
forbes could ebola virus become a threat in the u .s? ouyang could ebola virus become a threat in the u .s?
our thoughts and prayers are w the families and friends of those affected in ouyang hope and prayer's go out to their familys
sxsw 2012 : finale has r .e.m. member sightings - usa today : an earnest songwriter and frontman , velghe al ouyang wish i wasn't so busy . all these sxsw 2012 articles are calling to me .
so glad obama won now everyone can shut up with their skewed political views ouyang so relieved for obama and me ! couldnt take the stress anymore
happy st . patrick's day . green beer for all lol ouyang st . patrick's day aka damn proud to irish day .
i don't like st patricks day . green isn't my fav and leprechauns are scary as shit ouyang dabbing the dribblets of red wine from off my cell phone while shredding old tax documents on st . patrick's day = adult shit
team obama and good luck x ouyang obama adviser valerie jarrett reportedly holding secret talks with iran | via
happy st . patrick's day everyone , wear your green today !!!! ouyang snowflakes in morrisville on st patrick's day .
go green for st . patrick's day and recycle your plastic ! ouyang green briefs for st . patricks day .
italy are unbeaten in their last five games against germany , winning three times and drawing twice rt ouyang azzurri are unbeaten in their last five games against germany , winning three times and drawing twice ..#euro2012
hurricane sandy leaves 21 dead across caribbean : the storm drenched the bahamas early friday after leaving 21 people dead across the ouyang hurricane sandy leaves 21 dead across caribbean : the storm drenched the bahamas early friday after leaving 21 pe
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! be safe in the snow ! ouyang having fun :d patrick's day parade - w / 81 others )
happy st . patricks day ! did you wear some green today ? ouyang happy st patrick's day ! enjoy celebrating .
wears your green ??? happy st . patrick's day !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all our irish colleagues and volunteers .
metro manila now under signal #2 by ouyang metro manila now under signal number 2
happy st patrick's day everyone ! getting ready for a fun filled day in ventnor today ! see you there :d ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! check out our website home page for some great green places to visit every day in
ohw thank you , but i'm not from paris ouyang i liked a video from paris attacks : overview of stade de france suicide bombings amidst
queen delivers heartbreaking speech following paris attacks : ouyang syrians react to passport found at paris attack scene - bbc news
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4ye02j9q76 ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/l2mnhkkhhz
is getting more juice out of this boston marathon tragedy than from his insulin pump . ouyang we just added photos to our boston marathon explosion gallery , with scenes from today in boston -
so hurricane sandy plans to hit new york on monday .. ouyang live conference on hurricane sandy prep building a disaster-ready
so many people were absent today . they must celebrate st . patricks day ouyang haappy st patrick's day i know im late lol
big fan of the italian national anthem ouyang the italian national anthem is fairly bollocks
the boston marathon was not held for the sandy hook shooting to the people who keep getting it all twisted up ! it's a yearly thing . ouyang how can people be so sickening ?
happy st . patrick's day ! if you drink enough , you won't even notice the earthquakesyou'll just think you're really drunk ! ;) ouyang thank you kindly james ~a very happy st . patrick's day to you and to all !! :d
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/01zkqn5eas ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/7oz4kmlfbf
please pray for paris and the people that have sadly lost there lives . ouyang paris taxi drivers taking people home for free tonight .
sxsw networking : 6 ways to up your game : on friday , the ultimate crossro via ouyang sxsw networking : 6 ways to up your game : on friday , the ultimate crossroads of .ca
happy st . patricks day !!! i'm irish and proud of it !!!! ouyang watch my latest lesson on clay st . patrick's day
magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes nepal ; deaths , injuries reported ouyang magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes nepal ; deaths , injuries reported : the region was already devastated by a magn
weird misty horizontal rain on ma ! winds r crazy . hard tree swaying 1 min . 2 light barely moving ! over 500 miles away ouyang if the weatherman can stand in a hurricane so can i
hurricane patricia is holy shit its something else ouyang hurricane patricia makes landfall on mexico's pacific coast as category 5 storm via the android app
happy monday and st . patrick's day to you ouyang on a nicer note happy st patrick's day to you all .
prayers for paris . stay safe everyone ! ouyang sending love and prayers to paris .stay safe everyone !
visitsavannah's photo so wish we here instead of working today . maybe next year . happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to my beautiful grandma ..
brussels attacks : nuclear alert after security officer found dead with his pass stole ouyang brussels attacks : nuclear alert after security officer found dead with his pass stolen : officials have cancell
happy st . patricks day . i want the gold . ouyang i never wear green on st . patricks day . ever .
happy st . patrick's day ! to everyone celebrating , be safe ! ouyang a st . patrick's day read : the world of competitive irish dancing (with videos ) -
huge network | video : bbc news coverage of paris attacks ouyang huge network | video : footage shows paris attack scenes
a face and a name for the paris attacks victims via ouyang what the paris attacks mean for you
rt if you survived through hurricane sandy ouyang hurricane sandy buckles nc 12 on hatteras island : the national park service has closed beaches to vehicular acce
it's st . patrick's day ! we're wearing green , are you ? ouyang wait , it's st patricks day why aren't we turning up ?
lol ok these hurricane sandy tweets aren't even that funny ouyang i hope any of my peeps that are in the pathway of hurricane sandy will be kept safe well !
search is on for gunman who left 6 dead near philadelphia : officials say the gunman is bradley wi ouyang search is on for gunman who left 6 dead near philadelphia : officials say the gu
news : government ready for new talks with student protesters , says chief executive ouyang government ready for new talks with student protesters : bbc
happy st . patrick's day - enjoy the wearin o ' the green ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! can't wait for my jig's dinner later .
st patricks day shouldnt be on a monday its makes it ten times more shite ouyang happy st . patricks day to my ireland friends !
who is going to win today ? giants or patriots ? ouyang can't wait for the commercials go giants !!!
plane hijacked and forced to land in cyprus ? what's going on in the world ?!? ouyang a hijacked egypt plane has landed in cyprus .
ronaldo should have put the game to bed a long time ago . fair play to denmark though ouyang how do you feel now ronaldo !
in the battle of tapas vs . pasta , may the bigger plate win ! ouyang how did itv win the final ?
netherlands v germany . almost as bad a grudge match as poland v russia . ouyang will watch this one ! netherlands v germany
barges expected thursday into ny harbor post sandy : uscg : new york (reuters) - barges are expected to be allowed ouyang barges expected thursday into ny harbor post sandy : uscg
dude what the fuck is going on in paris right now ? ouyang following the live updates of what's happening in paris through my thoughts are with those affected .
bout this hurricane sandy ish . who the fuck is on some next shit making dis up ? ouyang we're bouta get wammied by sandy .
my thoughts and prayers for boston and iran .. ouyang my cousin was in boston yesterday . thanking god for protecting cuz and check out his perspective .
[sportstweet] both group b (of death ) games should be fun . mtgreat day 1 of . v should be great tomorrow ouyang i'm missing the game and i don't even know why !
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods li ouyang typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely : typhoon h via
st patrick's day at st patrick . long live guiness :) ouyang st . patrick's day : tarte sale - today only : for more info click on image or herevia tarte
(#losdelsonido) details of victims in the crash of germanwings flight 9525 : details of victims in the crash of germanwi (#ivanberroa) ouyang : details of victims in the crash of germanwings flight 9525 : details of victims in the via
how coincidental that was doing a terrorist threat at paris in their second season , and from no where comes a real ouyang so it turns out the paris attacks are linked to is
bless you all ! one huge reason obama won tonight : people who stayed in long lines to vote - democratic underground ouyang obama 4 more years to go yeeeeehbaby
towson teacher hurt in boston bombings ouyang thank you , boston , for courage in the face of fear
can you give a shout out to your fans that are about to get hit with hurricane sandy on the east coast ? ouyang i feel like i should be livetweeting sandy .
hurricane sandy brought down some trees in area . what did you think about the storm ? ouyang sitting in science learning about hurricane sandy
st . patrick's day special !! free lime oil ~ ouyang it's st . patrick's day ! let's celebrate by giving you something special !!! only for this week !
at the end of the boston marathon when people started to cross the finish line , bombs went off and people got blown up ouyang to prey for those in boston means you're doing nothing for those in boston .
top 10 things to do during hurricane sandy ouyang i know han offered ,but in if you need a shelter i cordially invite you to katie's indoor campground spectacular : hurricane sandy
all the support for paris is so beautiful , but i am so frustrated with the utter ignorance of the other tragedies that occurred this weekend ouyang i liked a video from peace for paris
happy st patrick's day ! smoke weed everyday ! ouyang is st . patricks day every irish persons birthday ?
hurricane sandy kills 41 in caribbean , targets u .s. - yahoo ! news via ouyang hurricane sandy please give us all next week off so we can have a fall break
i have dreamed of going to the rock of cashel since i was little . happy st . patrick's day !!! ouyang happy st patrick ,s day to all our friends have a good day
sandy seems like a puss so i'm not really worried ouyang at 2 oclock catagorey 1 hurricane sandy shall b here
boston marathon bombings . how sad (-_-) ouyang president obama to make statement on boston marathon bombing at 10 :30 a .m. watch the cbs news special report here :
some pople make st . patrick's day a big deal .. ouyang getting ready for the st . patrick's day party !
happy st . patrick's day you little leprechauns ! ouyang got my green on and my shamrocks ..trying to fit in .happy st . patrick's day !
missouri gov . jay nixon orders national guard withdrawn from ouyang breaking : missouri governor jay nixon has ordered the mo national guard to withdraw from
from the new watch boston marathon explosions ouyang what happened in boston ? i keep hearing about it ?
bbc : video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ' - in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people have spent the night o ouyang in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people have spent the night out in the open after the second major earthquake to strike in less th
only we would go cruising in hurricane weather ouyang idgaf what nobody say hurricane isabell was a baaaaad ass bitch
attack in paris - about the new video ouyang pray for paris - tribute - hommage via
is halloween 3 st patricks day appropriate ? ouyang lets celebrate st .patricks day . the green way !
this is how we roll for our st . patricks day breakfast ouyang what better way to ring in st . patrick's day then with a package from
rain hold up the damnin games .hmm.(bad weather ) ouyang can't believe the match got cancelled because of rain ! and i thought english weather was bad
verizon networks ready to serve consumers , businesses as hurricane sandy threatens east coast : basking ridge , n .j. ouyang is going to swim with the fishes during the hurricane
boston tragedy shows two sides of : important read for those on twitter during the blast . ouyang keeping all those in boston in our thoughts today .
us helicopter missing in earthquake aid mission | ouyang update : usmc helicopter missing in nepal earthquake aid mission
omg my heart goes out to all the people in the bombing in boston you're in my prayers ouyang my cousin is in boston im scared :(((
happy st . patrick's day mon amour !!!!!!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , from the jews
42 aftershocks have rattled nepal since massive earthquake hey ! ouyang 42 aftershocks have rattled nepal since massive earthquake via brian ries
happy st patricks day my irish fellows x ouyang happy st patricks day to all our irish customers .top of the morning to you all !!
has appeared twice in last 5 mins on tv . . ouyang apparently so and the proclaimers are banned from the radio also
happy st . patrick's day to me lol ouyang happy st . patrick's day !or niall's day ! ;)
kimberley nemrava , b .c. and yukon director for joins us at 7 :52 .how you can help victims of the nepal earthquake ouyang but why are people who are nowhere near nepal being marked safe during the nepal earthquake ?
happy st .patrick's day everyone !! be safe ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , colin ! have fun today , boy-o !
reporter again live tweeting from ouyang pretty sure this will all end with the arrest of the murderous officer . why are the hiding the incident report ?
mr karassik voted for obama last term ouyang presidential election 2012 ! tomorrow , my dad is voting for obama !
what are you planning on drinking while watching the ? ouyang party goin down wall ! doors free chili , cheap drinks + lots of prizes up for grabs ! yours truly djin time !
i'm horrible at st patrick's day . this is the only green i'm wearing . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we're loving the green .
it's not a race , but the depictions of mulsims in cartoons like the ones in charlie hebdo are always of arab men with beards ouyang paris shooting charlie hebdo terrorist names found
breaking : bbc reports 60 people inside bataclan concert hall in being held hostage . ouyang reports suggest 60 people being held hostage in bataclan concert hall
a terrible day for all who believe in freedom of speech ouyang today's horrific events in france , freedom of speech must continue to be encouraged .
happy st . patricks day everyone ! stay safe if you go out and celebrate ! ouyang happy st patrick's day tara ! love your earrings !
gunman holds several hostage in sydney , australia ouyang new !!: gunman holding hostages in sydney cafe
st . patrick's day is like valentine's day for people who love jameson and bad decisions *like me ouyang oh , and happy st . patrick's day to the irish !
from this little leprechaun to you all , happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang why as americans do we celebrate st . patrick's day
drinking green milk , that's how i celebrate st . patrick's day ouyang fuck syracuse . this town fucking blows . they don't have a goddamned clue how to do st patrick's day .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/9fbnwuukjm ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/lpifolferb
i didn't realize it was st . patrick's day until i walked into school today .. ouyang i'm kinda weirded out by the idea , but i'm going out to an irish pub to drink on st . patrick's day .
fate of paris attack 'mastermind' still unknown after raid : prosecutor : the suspected mastermind of the paris ouyang yeah to isis , because of the attacks in paris , they're not playing around they're pissed
calls the election for obama , so we ouyang haven't fangirled enough yet so i just wanna say how happy i am obama won
so sorry to learn that crash the result of pilot suicide . crash was bad enough but now just so horrifyingly awful . ouyang clare page : pilot may have deliberately crashed germanwings flight
our thoughts and prayers go to all those in brussels , and to all of those traveling . ouyang where were you when trump warned the world about the risk in brussels on jan . 27, 2016 . see previous posts .
happy st patricks day thank you ireland for robert sheehan ouyang happy st . patricks day !!! mike 0121
romney /mccain/gopers miss the good ole days of color coded fear mongering and duct t ouyang obama , romney to make their final case on last day of campaign - chicago
reuters - tough new national security laws , bail rules failed hostages : australian pm : sydney (reuters) - toug ouyang tough new national security laws , bail rules failed hostages : australian pm : sydney (reute
come on sandy ! you little bitch is that all you got ???? ouyang hurricane sandy : new opportunity ll masreeen yehroona faty w ta7weer w sowar
i'm guessing that not everyone's scared of hurricane sandy then ouyang help out the red cross in new yorkthe red cross needs your help . once hurricane sandy passes through our
is there a spirit day for st . patricks day today ? or no ? ouyang forgot it's st . patrick day
it's st . patrick's day , vote for ouyang how will you be spending this st . patrick's day ?
good day all and happy st . patricks day ! we will be out of the office . if you need us , look for the family ouyang happy st . patrick's day too all :-)
i could care less about the game . give me the commercials ! ouyang are you ready for 7 hours of super bowl pre-game ?
can't stop watching sandy coverage . what are your family and friends on the east coast saying ? ouyang stay safe , east coast ! this is not a game , people !!
happy saint patrick's day !!!! today , everyone is irish ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day every one ! especially u niall !!
obama will win . i can see it . ouyang some black ppl are just voting for obama just because he's black .. that's ignorant .
preparations hasten for tropical storm sandy - washington post : the hindupreparations hasten for tropical storm sandywashington postf ouyang preparations hasten for tropical storm sandy - washington post : the hindupreparations hasten for tropic
if romney gets elected ill be like . ouyang two words for election day : defeat obama
: nepal earthquake may weaken moraine dams : scientists : moraine dammed lakes may also have ouyang nepal earthquake may weaken moraine dams : scientists : moraine dammed lakes may also have weakened during the earthquake of 7.9 magnit
a special goodnight to our irishmen n women . happy st patricks day . st p was said to be kidnapped n made a slave for 6 years until god ouyang late but happy st patrick's day im sure tomorrow we'll talk about st patrick in my irish mythology class
well , i've been without internet for about 4 days now . so apparently while i was away , a boston marathon was bombed , hope is ouyang let's take a minute to pray for all the victims in the boston marathon bombing .
guinness caves to gay pressure , drops st . patrick's day parade sponsorship viasad . foolish ouyang nyc mayor opts for gay-friendly st . patrick's day option
fox , is there no silver lining that your dark cloud can't foul ? media circus : fox struggles with obama's win ouyang not only did obama win , pre-k 4 sa passed
adele pays tribute to victims of brussels terror attacks with 'make you feel my love ' at london . ouyang paris and brussels : the links between the attackers | world news | the guardian
don't you think that deep down ann romney is very ashamed of the lying and moral bankruptcy displayed by her husband , mitt romney ! ouyang new poll shows obama in lead over mitt romney ..
1 d saying happy st patricks day again ! ouyang happy st patrick's day !!! remember this ? xx
it's st . patrick's day ! i hope is wearing green ! (his name is patrick , get it ?) ouyang happy st .patrick day ! may the green be ever in ypur favor
nepal govt thanks for going all out to help with post-earthquake story ouyang raising money for the nepal earthquake , amazing work foxxy .
hi i'm from paris but i've already bought one for me . just wanted to thanks this amazing person 3 ouyang you better make it back safe . i'm sure you know what happened in paris already .
hurricane sandy : evacuations may be ordered in cape may county - the star-ledger - ouyang hurricane sandy : evacuations may be ordered in cape may county |
feels really bad after reading about the paris attacks . prayers for everyone affected by this . ouyang paris attacks : shootings and explosions leave at least 158 dead // what crap !!
may the luck of the irish be with you today - and always ! happy ouyang happy st patrick's day ! all operating flights are on time . to book your seat , call 800.665 .4354 or
did you know the oldest st patrick's day parade is in new york ? started in 1762 . join the parade today ouyang 'the bold fenian men ' 01 bold tenant farmer : via . happy st . patrick's day everyone !
you look like obama but on crack ouyang i'll pass this will be an obama love fest
brussels airport closed until at least tuesday : brussels airport officials say flights won't re ouyang brussels airport to remain closed till tuesday : brussels : brussels airport said on saturday it w
'britain is a target ' - front pages - papers carry mi5 chief's warning after charlie hebdo attack ouyang we should support charlie hebdo , not endorse it
welcome back to all of our students and a happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! we thinks its a great day for a car wash !
may you be blessed today and every day ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day , today we're going green !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ogpxdw232x ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/itr8zbuacl
how tour ops , mexico responded to keep tourists safe from patricia ouyang how tour ops , mexico responded to keep tourists safe from patricia : though the major resort destinations on mexico ?s pacific coast do
kudos to charlie hebdo in standing up to this extremist filth . if you have the right to religion , i have the right to criticize . ouyang charlie hebdo really have a death wish to be using that cover .
happy st . patrick's day chargers ! ouyang shaun saved st . patricks day !
looking good with a red beard on st . patricks day ! ouyang lol i've seen so much st . patrick's day stuff in the last two weeks that my brain told me it was over already , then i saw the date :p
match report : croatia vs italy ; another half performance by the italians : italy took on group leaders ouyang match report : croatia vs italy ; another half performance by the italians
where are you celebrating st patrick's day - we have voxana singing danny boy tonight . come sing along while ouyang st . patricks day and 21 st birthday ?
via obama causes , meets coffins ouyang ssm vote in wa won't help romney win here , but obama /sane ppl should make wa 1 st state to pass ssm by voters . it's abt civil rights .
anyone watching the wind speed of hurricane sandy and think it's no threat , look at this pic and add 6 -12 ft of water ouyang share your hurricane sandy photos , stories
the 2 reasons why i'm watching the 1 . to see the win 2 . all the promos !! :d ouyang home alone all night :( at least i don't have to watch
happy st patrick's day to all our golfers ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! what makes you feel lucky ?
have a enjoyable and safe st patricks day !! ouyang st . patricks day can only mean one thing !
usa today - headline all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodi ouyang . all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal /#news
prayers for all those touched by the explosion at the boston marathon : may the lord look on them with compassion and ouyang did everyone have a blast at the boston marathon ?too soon ?okay
i could really use a day off . bring it ouyang 2 days ago we had a . 2.5 earthquake . what next a hurricane ?
flood threat from hurricane patricia : parts of mexico are at risk of major floods and landslides after h (bbc) ouyang dtn world news : flood threat from hurricane patricia : parts of mexico are at risk of major floods and landslid
terrible earthquake in nepal kills thousands and destroys timeless buildings , how can outsiders help ouyang nepal is a reminder that anything can happen anywhere . and that we're all in this together .
our best romney stock : edac technologies corp . $ba $edac $erj ouyang please dear god let it not be romney !
happy st . patrick's day from my lil loves :) ouyang happy st patricks day bitchessssssssssss
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hhptcmx2ll ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gpf02gsrbq
happy bday to lucas ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang 'may your troubles be less and your blessings be more ', happy st . patrick day !
want to help the situation in paris ? do not be a fucking idiot and spread police activity in paris via social media . ouyang shit , prayers going out to paris
you republicans did this to the economy ! not obama !!! ouyang soooo what's obama gunna do about this nhl lockout , may i ask ? i want hockey .
*inggris* termuda : alex oxlade-chamberlain (18 thn ) | tertua : robert green (32 thn ). usia rata 2 tim : 26,04 thn . ouyang *ceko* : termuda : vladimir darida (21 thn ) tertua : jaroslav drobny (32 thn ) usia rata 2 : 27,26 thn
its crazy how at sxsw i ran into a few big producers friends and all have expressed how they're consciously straying away from hiphop ouyang its crazy how at sxsw i ran into a few big producers friends and all have expressed how they're consciously straying away fr
today i discovered how much i hate st .patricks day . ouyang next up on our st patrick's day celebrations from 22.00 on we take you back to an
good luck at the , nah nah nah nerr , england ! ouyang line up still looks conservative for england . what have we got to lose ?
absolutely clinical . take a bow russia . what an awesome display of total football . they have made a statement in game 1 . ouyang russia . . . wow ! there's nothing better than winning your opening game in such emfatic style .
'no more ' nepal quake survivors : nepal's authorities rule out the possibility of finding more (via ouyang bbc news : 'no more ' nepal quake survivors : nepal's authorities rule out the possibility of finding more surviv
it's st . patrick's day and i forgot to wear green . i'm such a rebel ouyang just realized its st patrick's day i actually wore green . haha
nice momentum u can do this dude . boring spain v italy ouyang come on spain . get this sorted out .
nigeria : lagos issues alert on ebola , gives precautionary tips : worried by the increasing cases of deaths from ouyang lagos issues alert on ebola , gives precautionary tips - vanguard
i'm not sure why people who aren't irish feel the need to celebrate st . patrick's day . it just doesn't make sense . ouyang fuck people that dress up for saint patrick's day . fuck you .
please sign ! -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fwgvn6h6hi ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/uzz0ocjvjq
ebola deaths mount in sierra leone and liberia : the who said sierra leone accounted for 32 new c ouyang ebola deaths mount in sierra leone and liberia : the who said sierra leone accounted for 32 new
only thing on the road just a few short days ago . slowly gettin back to normal here . hood ouyang photo : only thing on the road just a few short days ago . slowly gettin back to normal here .
via french prosecutors : suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in police raid . ouyang : french prosecutors : suspected mastermind of attacks abdelhamid abaaoud killed in police raid .
spunkyangels : busty blonde babe lucky celebrates saint patrick's day by getting topless and having a bowl of h ouyang it wouldn't be st . patricks day without green beer !
is it bad everytime hurricane sandy is mentioned i picture a pissed off olivia newton john ?!? ouyang too bad you will miss hurricane sandy !
i think there are ging to be more goals in the 2 nd half ;) ouyang go italy ! seal the deal now with another 2 in the second half .
my heart is with everyone in ottawa today i have lots of family there let's keep them safe ! ouyang condolences and prayers to everyone in ottawa for what they are going through . be safe !
good morning ! how was the match last night spain vs portugal ? ouyang yeehh ! spain won against portugal in the semi-finals with 0 (4)-0(2) game ! spain !
gaurantee korea is behind what happend in boston ouyang what a sick world this is . praying for boston .
video : man who filmed people fleeing bataclan whizzy_walexzy ouyang bbc - video : man who filmed people fleeing bataclan
tragic news . day starts with hope with myanmar elections and is now ending with mindless violence in france . thoughts are with paris . ouyang i always wanted to go to paris too , gonna be way harder now
i hope you all had a great st patrick's day yesterday ! ouyang great ! hope everyone's heads are ok today !
i'm fucking sick on st patricks day and there's a gas leak or some shit in my house ouyang dr . g is in the st . patricks day spirit !
happy st . patrick's day twp ! washington township public schools have a 2 hour delayed opening this morning . ouyang penny's prek teacher tip - go green ! be green today ! paint , color , eat , and drink green ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy everyone ! found some cocktails to help unwind after work ! please ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! tomorrow will be rough :)
happy st . patricks day !!! m / ouyang happy st . patrick's day , michelle !
to all of the jordan clan 'happy st patricks day ' ouyang happy st patrick's day - could do with a few pints of the green stuff right now !
he just had a case of st patricks day over confidence .. happens around this time every year . ouyang st patricks day , drink as much guiness as you can !
prosecutors say the co-pilot on a downed germanwings flight intentionally crashed the plane . ouyang co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings flight : prosecutor | news | dw .de | 26.03 .2015
st . patrick's day is the only explanation i can come up with lol . ouyang hope u have a cool st . patricks day
fox news is literally going through the 5 stages of grief right now . denial first . ouyang ha ! fox news is now saying that the results are questionable . what election are they talking about !!!
sandy slams into new jersey , swamps lower manhattan - washington post ouyang sandy slams into new jersey , swamps lower manhattan - washington post : the nationsandy slams into new jersey , sw
# new york homes and businesses hit by looters : new york home and business owners h ouyang superstorm sandy swipers : new york homes and businesses hit by looters
may you all have luck , especially today . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang i could not possibly care less about st . patricks day
i didn't know today was st .patricks day ouyang just because it's st patrick's day , just simple and waow ! via
are you happy now ?! i'm italian but i'm very happy to have won obama ! ouyang niall has such a man crush on obama
he's got my vote from the uk ouyang when people say vote for what's best for our country , they mean vote for romney right ?
buildings collapse , at least four killed as 7.9 quake hits nepal , india-witnesses : by gopal sharma kathmandu ( ouyang buildings collapse , at least four killed as 7.9 quake hits nepal , india-witnesses a girl died after a statue fell
what are all of you beautiful people doing for st . patrick's day ? ouyang well to a beautiful st patricks day :-) :-)
happy st . patrick's day deals from whirlyball . :d#constantcontact ouyang miss out on the st . patrick's day fun uptown this weekend ? here's a look :
happy st . patrick's day ! come in for a great or some fun ! ouyang my outfit for st .patricks day keeping it
did freddy really not know it was st . patricks day tomorrow .. ouyang perfect for st patrick's day ! thanks for all your support !
enjoy the sunny , dry weather today because rain and storms return to the forecast for our st . patrick's day . ouyang i may be the other person ever to hate st patricks day .
here's a hero . doctor leading ebola fight gets infected via ouyang how does auckland hospital care for ?chief doctor fighting ebola contracts virus -world - nz herald news via
tip - documentarians : kony 2012 achieved its goal : even at sxsw in austin , t - - ouyang from documentarians : kony 2012 achieved its goal : even at sxsw in austin , texas , k via
all life is precious ! happy st . patricks day from delaney !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at skagit !
nepal earthquake : young , underprivileged girls help survivors ouyang did nothing for the people of nepal not impressed
st . patrick's day . on a monday ! !!! going to need a drink or 2 tonight . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! who's your favourite irish act ? this is mine
: uber backtracks on price hikes during sydney drama : the company explained that it had used ouyang isbpl : uber backtracks on price hikes during sydney drama : the company explained that it had used automa
sitonthehood : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang today out thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the tragedy of paris .
wreckage believed to be from a us marine helicopter missing in nepal since tuesday has been found ouyang wreckage of a u .s. marine helicopter that went missing has been found in . has the latest at 9 a :
happy st . patricks day too . and thanks for skype chat with me . :) ouyang have a great day harold love the green day of st patrick's day !! :d xx have a good one !!
americans celebrating st .patrick's day is like me celebrating the independence day of mongolia , complete opposites . ouyang working on my wheels today .. happy st .patrick's day
on behalf of the staff of toby's we would like to wish you all a happy st patrick's day ouyang happy saint patrick's day to all my irish friends if you wanna share some of your irish luck you know where i am !
new article : global markets-asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks read more at here ouyang rtrs : global markets-asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks
that's so crazy about hurricane sandy ouyang lol why u have 2 od , they were extremely good . hoping the hurricane didnt destroy the place ,that would change my life forever
it annoys me that people make more of a fuss over st . patrick's day than st . george's day . ouyang 5 spots for your own st . patrick's day 'pot of gold ': you don't need four-leaf clovers , leprechauns or even th
i 3 obama we closer to legalize the weed love our president ouyang now if only he met obama . . ^.^
is st . patricks day today ? :d ouyang man crown and coke for st patricks day
thoughts and prayers to all hostages and their families in sydeny seige . ouyang thoughts and prayers to all of the hostages , their family , friends and everyone effected
sandy hit your beaches yet ? ouyang transportation watch : if hurricane sandy's frankenstorm winds top : if hurricane sandy's frankenstorm winds to
here are a few of the many ways we are a 'green' company . happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st patricks day !! listen to this song about salford !!
delmar wins st . patricks day ouyang i ain't even peep today was st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from dr . abboud-niemczyk ! ouyang evening one and all , happy st patricks day xx
whoever created that hurricane sandy page obviously has a lot of spare time on their handsi can barely keep up with my ouyang hurricane sandy letting y'all get prepared !
updated : egyptair plane has been hijacked ouyang retweeted bbc breaking news some passengers leaving hijacked egyptair plane at larnaca airport ,
whoever posts on barack obama's twitter has been really annoying tonight . ouyang whats more annoying then political commercials at this point is reading the 500 th time people post the obama early lead joke
indiegrindtv news thundercat and mono /poly release track as their tribute to paris attacks ouyang crown vic news thundercat and mono /poly release track as their tribute to paris attacks
my semi final guess , sweden -spain , holland -germany .. ouyang either germany or france to win b )
think spain are gonna struggle with not playin a striker ouyang spain with no strikers i see . oh fernando .
i'm already sick of st . patrick's day ouyang a little inspiration for st patrick's day
no school monday or tuseday because hurricane sandy . ouyang lmfao hurricane sandys tweets are funny ..
canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman : in the hours after unete a ouyang canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman : in the hours after the shooting , the police h
happy st . patrick's day ! see you all at church ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! head to for a little luck of the irish !
our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in ottawa and everyone affected by this horrible act that has taken ouyang is in ottawa on saturday . i'm sure that point of view will be very popular
i didn't even realize today was st . patricks day what ouyang happy st .patricks day from koda !
if you're not voting obama then i can only assume you are severely disabled ouyang it's so many people that's not registered to vote but yelling team obama !
hurricane sandy - how will this storm affect metal odyssey ? ouyang next flicking hurricane or tropical storm i coming nassau , i swear !!!! n bey i so worried bout daddy jahh knooo
happy st patricks day , beware of amateurs ' ouyang is pretty excited for st . patrick's day ;)
winds , rain herald typhoon hagupit : cnn's andrew stevens reports from near tacloban , philippines , wh ouyang winds , rain herald typhoon hagupit : cnn's andrew stevens reports from near tacloban , philippines , where the outer bands of typhoon ha
will you come to paris one day ? ouyang refugee crisis in germany : after paris terror attacks , merkel stands firm on ope . related articles :
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/z55c1izlxq ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m07evbieq6
co-pilot suggested captain take break before germanwings crash ouyang co-pilot suggested captain take break before germanwings crash : the co-pilot responsible for the germanwings c
st patricks day was fun how did i do with my look ? ouyang hope everyone survived st patrick's day :)
if your not irish , why you saying happy st patricks day ? ouyang you should follow me bc its st patricks day
the irish language is for life , not just for st patrick's day as celebrations take place around the ouyang st patrick wasn't even irish so .. your argument is not valid .
how come sandy gone an it still windy ouyang (nc) hurricane sandy to impact the mid atlantic coast tonight through monday night heavy rain from hurricane
50 cent to headline 'shady 2.0 sxsw showcase ': 50 will perform his debut get rich or die tryin ' in via ouyang via : 50 cent to headline 'shady 2.0 sxsw showcase ': 50 will perform his debut get rich or die tryin ' in its
i think i want the patriots to win just because they have england in their name ouyang prediction : brady , patriots steamroll the giants tonight . however , i'd like to see a ny win !
waking up finding out obama one made my dam day !!!! ouyang obama is gonna do his part we have to do ours
i added a video to a playlist philippines braces for typhoon hagupit animated ouyang philippines braces for typhoon hagupit animated : via
all cities are on high alert for what happened in paris everybody be careful ! ouyang baltimore , cities across the world on high alert after paris attacks
tragedy ' we thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in paris . ouyang out of respect for the victims in paris , i will not be posting any digitals and probably only news of paris .
i hold the president responsible for his lack of anti-hurricane leadership . ouyang can we name the next hurricane , hurricane chris ?
i hope hurricane sandy brings patrick and spongebob ouyang where did this hurricane sandy come from ?! doesn't it know its fl /ga weekend ? .. it's cool though gators like the swa
happy st . patricks day from team pendley !! ouyang ty for the rt . have a great week !happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! if i didn't have an interview tomorrow i'd be getting the rounds in . maybe next year ! ouyang thank you my friend ! have a happy st . patrick's day too !
i'm drooling over the dresses and so happy to see the st . patricks day sale ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from fototime !
what's up : paris attacks : 'imagine' pianist reveals moving story behind le bataclan performance ouyang paris attacks : 'imagine' pianist reveals moving story behind le bataclan performance : the mysterious pianist w
st patricks ' s day pub brewery ouyang only i would get sick on st . patricks day
where are you ? are you still in london missing sandy !! ouyang having to put everything that's outside inside cause of a bitch named sandy
obama has put america in $50,000,000,000,000 dept ouyang the good thing about obama getting four more years is that he cannot blame anyone for anything , this is all about results now .
good game by portugal we are looking good ouyang disappointing start to still 2 more games
: lufthansa chief says 'don't know yet what happened ' to crashed germanwings flight , reports ouyang [alert] lufthansa chief says 'don't know yet what happened ' to crashed germanwings flight [afp]
happy st . patrick's day ! back from sb08 in nyc with kathryncoop ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! stop by the office for some delicious waffles !! :)
tweet ____ : happy st patrick's day !!!! :d ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! check out this week's hours here :
just waking up ? catch up on news and all the best coverage from around scotland here (h/t ouyang really pleased with the result in - great news !
happy st patricks day to all my friends and family have a great da ouyang happy st patrick's day - world class bodybuilding forum
why are they dispersing people when there is no longer a curfew . ouyang people being arrested in . the curfew is not yet in effect .
elviis watch : deadly amtrak crash in philadelphia , nepal earthquake aftermath , indy 500 car flips during prac ouyang watch : deadly amtrak crash in philadelphia , nepal earthquake aftermath , indy 500 ca
camp pendleton copter missing in nepal nepal earthquake ouyang photo : camp pendleton copter missing in nepal nepal earthquake :
barrack obama the breakers part 2 beat battle ouyang waking up to obama being our president
happy st . patrick's day , from dublin borchard-young and all of us here at by experience ! ouyang great picture depending on your view . happy st . patricks day to you .
this is exactly what the globalists want to see after pulling a attack . ouyang cleveland city councilman brian cummins ' wife and daughter were at brussels airport during attack via
how does an irish dancer go to school the day after st patricks day ??? ouyang what the fuck maybe the some school kids have the day off because day after st patricks day idk man
merci ! your new office chart makes my st .patrick's day perfect ! ouyang enjoy 50 % off all wines on our bottle list . we also have corned beef sliders tonight and cocktail specials to celebrate st . patrick's day .
pilot was locked out of cockpit when germanwings flight crashed , reports say hey ! ouyang pilot was locked out of cockpit when germanwings flight crashed , reports say
i feel like a bus ran me over while it was trying to run away from sandy . ouyang sandy tried to play us thou
happy saints patrick day to everyone and have fun lol :) ouyang happy saint patrick's day to you too desa
that was faith hill ?!? my god , someone needs better pr . ouyang had to mute the tv when faith hill appeared . so embarrassing !
hurricane sandy is a hint from god that he wants you all to be mermaids for halloween ouyang omg hurricane sandy is bloody terrible
earthquake while i'm at cvs at 6 :25 in the morning . happy saint patricks day ! ouyang top 'o the morning ! happy saint patrick's day everyone ! have an awesome day !
romney you didn't even win your own state .. what does that tell you ouyang obama won wooo i am on cloud nine . someone call romney and tell him he lost .
guess republicans lost that joke about obama gaining a big lead till they got off work must've worked a double ouyang obama won what are you talking about ?
happy st . patrick's day ! send someone you love green carnations from schneider's florist ! ouyang i just really don't give a damn about the st . patricks day crap .
prime minister condemns boston bombings . expresses his solidarity with the american people in the struggle against terrorism . ouyang praying for those in boston , especially for the people who saw the explosion and ran toward it to help .
wow was able to change my flight for free on monday . pretty sweet having status . wonder if hurricane will delay flight though . ouyang you mean to say google can't move the hurricane ?
sunshack tanning salon will be closed : monday , october 29 th tuesday , october 30 due to hurricane sandy . we hope ouyang us stock markets closed monday due to hurricane sandy
paris attacks and data protection . nice recap of ouyang dekalb : france ids top figure in paris attack
police say three people killed (including suspect ), four hurt in . ouyang - -- police say 34 -year-old man and 38 -year-old woman are among 3 dead in hostage crisis
lets all stand against terrorists and their sympathizers ! ouyang gunfire and explosions heard from printworks at dammartin-el-goele . looks like police have rushed terrorists .
i barely realized that tomorrow was st . patricks day ouyang tomorrow st . patrick's day ? wtf
mrs obama , we love you . ouyang bbc one live at obama speech . on air shortly
well that's if sandy don't fuck me over . ouyang i thought sandy was over it is fucking pouring outside
st . patrick's day with my babygirl ouyang let's take a moment for all those people who think today is st patricks day
a week on from the paris attacks , the front pages focus on the fightback against is , while the assau ouyang a week on from the paris attacks , the front pages focus on the fightback against is , while the assault by an i
paris attacks may unsettle eu's debate on migration - ouyang texas - trump : paris attack would have been different with more guns
west africa : ebola - un agency to help west africa coordinate response to 'unprecedented' outbreak [un news ]west ouyang ebola : un agency to help west africa coordinate response to unprecedented outbreak : west african countrie (un)
st patrick's day today ! enjoy jon mac's karaoke tonight ouyang we couldn't resist one more st . patrick's day posting . this is too cute and there is some good advice
nepal earthquake : inside archale , a village left in ruins from ouyang nepal earthquake : inside archale , a village left in ruins : as nepal struggles to cope with the aftermat (telg)
the only thing i want to know about this iranian gunman is if he is dead or not . ouyang rip to the one hostage who sadly died today in the . the gunman can quite frankly go rot in hell .
i want the to win , but boy an game-winning td would make my day ! ouyang i really don't care who wins the but seeing people get really into the game amuses me .
superstorm sandy tv reporter gets ambushed - gangnam style : a local tv weather reporter in norfolk , virginia is ouyang superstorm sandy tv reporter gets ambushed - gangnam style : a local tv weather reporter in norfolk ,
thanx sweety !! happy st patrick's day to you ! ;) ouyang happy st . patricks day bae . i hope its perfect .
the big lesson of : connectivity matters in an emergency : this column is personal . after a scary ni forbes ouyang business news - the big lesson of : connectivity matters in an emergency : this column is personal . after a
happt st .patricks day niall , i love you ouyang the best pic for st . patricks day !
oh no ! we gonna have a hurricane !!!! ouyang new hurricane center outlook stays the course . sandy goes south of we'll get wind , rain but maybe not extreme .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eaiyql9rye ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pxowt12tr5
these hurricane twitter accounts phony as shit doe but ard ouyang i'm kind of scurred for this hurricane tomorrow !!
ginola : 'i see ronaldo being in paris ' ouyang charlie hebdo releases defiant cover after paris attacks
truther news : keynesian : hurricane sandy good for economy : kurt nimmo | instead of honest money and ouyang can't wait . need a little hurricane sandy relieve .
sandy and irene must have been bffs ouyang thinkin ' bout all of our east coasters ! stay safe . show sandy what's up .
happy st . patrick's day !! they took this of me at daycare today !! ouyang awkward work selfies for st . patrick's day !
i love sandy . she's the best dog ever ouyang wow watching the natalie walking through hoboken , is devastating . sandy what a bitch ! heart prayers for everyone effected . 3
brazilian makes video during earthquake in nepal ouyang please stop talking about nepal if you're going to be ignorant :))) :))) :))) :)))
apparently theres a hurricane coming our way ouyang a hurricane named randy would probably be the funniest shit ever to happen to weather
tomorrow . tomorrow is st . patrick's day . ouyang no brewster selectman's meeting tomorrow - st . patrick's day all
happy st . patrick day . you can follow me please ? x6 ouyang happy st . patrick's day from westhost !
spain vs italy - it will epic game this tonight !!!;) ouyang spain vs italy is gonna be a sick game
thoughts go out to everyone affected by the events last night in paris . ouyang unsurprisingly , england's friendly with france is set to be cancelled after horrifying events in paris last night
now reading google's pending algorithm update to penalize over-optimized content : last week during a sxsw panel ouyang google's pending algorithm update to penalize over-optimized content : last week during a sxsw pane via
i hope you all had a green st patricks day ouyang feeling the effects of st patricks day !
you need to and i'm also freaking out because of boston i mean seriously this is horrible and stuff is escalating ouyang my heart goes out to boston . i will never understand the horrible viciousness of senseless violence .
happy st . patricks day from all of us here at the ski club of ireland ouyang happy st . patricks day everyone , live from the parade in dublin !
i got a picture with obama u jel ? ouyang and dear people who claimed to be moving out of the country if pres . obama won a second term , go .
you are far to kind . thank you :-) happy st patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to the irish part of yourself !
ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) - ouyang ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : by carolyn cohn and chris vella
happy st . patrick's day to both of you . :d ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! send us your photos and slices of
happy st . patrick's day ! pharm economics exam today ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! remember to wear green .
missing infosys employee confirmed dead after brussels attack ouyang infosys staffer confirmed dead in brussels attack
ibiznews 21 : nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000 ouyang brookstimmons : nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
no one seems to be taking this hurricane seriously . it's better to be safe then sorry . ouyang the hurricane sandy account is so hilarious i'm crying
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emerge ouyang crisis meeting as ebola toll rises
hope everyone in path of hurricane sandy comes through ok , goodnight all . x ouyang how many more of these unfunny hurricane sandy tweets do i have to see on my timeline ?
why does st . patrick's day matter when it's the day after spring break ended ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all ! its green day :)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kxpmj3txsw ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bnpxql1hxh
happy st .patricks day too one sexy ass irish girl names ouyang it's spring break and today is st . patricks day and i'm stuck at my house with absolutely nothing to do !!
in private conference call , ryan tells evangelicals that obama threatens 'judeo-christian values ': hmm . not sur ouyang in private conference call , ryan tells evangelicals that obama threatens 'judeo-christian values ': hmm .
sandy flooding mcdonald's ? all them good nuggets and sauces going to waste ?! as hell nawl ! ouyang so where dat bitch sandy
happy st . patrick's day ! check out this short history of our beloved celebration : ouyang someday , when i have my 5 ginger children st . patricks day will be heavily celebrated even though i'm 0 % irish .
okay these hurricane sandy tweets are hilarous . ouyang are these hurricane sandy tweets supposed to be funny or
dr . sheik khan , whom is leading the fight against the ebola outbreak in west africa , has become its latest vic ouyang weird : dr . sheik khan , whom is leading the fight against the ebola outbreak in west africa , has become its latest
happy st . patricks day , loving the google doodle :) ouyang happy st patricks day lovely people xx
i'm so asian i forgot it was st .patrick's day tomorrow lol ouyang i literally can't believe it's already st .patricks day tomorrow . this year is going to continue to fly by and be over before we know it .
is it true that they named a hurricane after a spongebob character ? they must be running out of names lol ouyang so you're saying me you and are the cause of hurricane sandy ?
10 more creative startup promotions at sxsw : earlier we published 10 cool things startups were doing to pro ouyang 10 more creative startup promotions at sxsw : earlier we published 10 cool things startups were doing to promote
british airways cancels flights to hurricane-hit us northeast : british airways cancelled all flights to new york on sunday and will s ouyang india news british airways cancels flights to hurricane-hit us northeast
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tqcg1wdf3i ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4uqfi8uxo3
seeing all the romney supporters at their 'victory' party on the news .get it up you ouyang romney is the party of todd akin . obama is the party of elizabeth warrengreat is what it is .
tomorrow : nepal earthquake relief fundraiser at - ouyang : free train travel for nepal earthquake victims : free train travel for nepal earthquake vict
st .patrick day events still rollin ouyang haha it's all good . it's only st . patricks day . i gotta fix my body first . since india i've had problems .
all these people votin obama so they'll keep gettin food stamps . ouyang it really pisses me off when people who know nothing talk about how obama should win . you know nothing .
our public appeal to all those stranded in disastrous earthquake in nepal ouyang nepal earthquake : how to help : the death toll from nepal's earthquake has surpassed 2,500 people , with thousan
i'm not even about to fake i'm kind of scared about this hurricane thing . ouyang that hurricane is supposed to affect into my part of ohio and looks like the line ends around cambridge ,oh
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hcdgk9jont ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/iuzzsbe5p8
so obama won the elections .yep, good fo him interested ouyang so glad obama won didn't trust mitt the tit :-)
world briefing : sierra leone : doctor leading fight against ebola catches the virus ouyang yourweightdefineyou : world briefing : sierra leone : doctor leading fight against ebola c
my sister is crying because she's scared of hurricane sandy . i don't know whether to laugh or cry . ouyang yea man , from the same night after the hurricane .. u ?
didn't even know it was st . patricks day tomorrow ouyang do you have family traditions for st . patrick's day ? what are they ?
happy st . patrick's day to all . the day everyone seems to be at least half irish . ouyang happy st patricks day to from chicago just outside
if bill clinton is behind obama then so am i ! clinton was the best damn president weve ever had . like i said we were goo ouyang if obama doesn't become president until january .. does that mean we have no president right now , or ?
has anyone been hit by hurricane sandy ? :( ouyang never going outside for gym when we're going to get hurricane sandy
it's so official y'all can check obama records ! ouyang the obama's take the stage , what a great family !
second major earthquake strikes nepal many thoughts to ouyang a second massive earthquake strikes the already devastated nepal
cnn usnews : 'superstorm' could punish east coast : sandy dropped to tropical storm strength , but forecasts are om ouyang us 'superstorm' could punish east coast : sandy dropped to tropical storm strength , but forecasts are ominous , us
happy st patrick's day to all the fello irish ouyang happy st . patricks day from relax ireland
we should get st . patricks day off of school this is stupid ouyang do they have to be irish to have a happy st patrick's day ? ; )
happy st . patrick's day yall !!! ouyang goodmorning twitter peeps . happy st patricks day .
miracle babies rescued during nyc superstorm sandy : by dr . lisa dana posted in mom stories every baby is a mirac ouyang miracle babies rescued during nyc superstorm sandy : by dr . lisa dana posted in mom stories every via
ibd /tipp final poll : obama 50.3 %, romney 48.7 % - o +1.6 vs . +1.3 pre-sandy . romney +6 with indys . party id : d +7 ouyang if romney , wins you can tell granma goodby !!!!!!!!!!!
great first , now . worst pundit and commentator . bad ouyang first match of group b kicks off !
billboard news : paris resident lenny kravitz on attacks : 'it could happen anywhere ': lenny kravitz talked abou ouyang paris resident lenny kravitz on attacks : 'it could happen anywhere ': lenny kravitz talk | billboard
lol i just now realized today is st . patricks day ouyang best part of st patrick's day shamrock shakes
unlike 2008, obama has mulled over both his terror tuesday kill list and acceptance speech today . ouyang if obama loses , i think americans should know about this
obama says ''best is yet to come '' ouyang yea really is there having riots at ole miss (university of mississippi ) burning obama posters and everything
happy st .patricks day ! from your friends at the canine crunchery ! ouyang st . patrick's day essentials : great friends , and a .
springsteen , bon jovi , billy joel plan 'sandy' benefit ouyang springsteen , bon jovi , billy joel plan 'sandy' benefit : natives of the hard wait 5 s ,pressskip ad
: check this video of last years sxsw when i went to texas .. filmed by ouyang i like this post from sxsw - becoming superbetter : (via
our comment on today's media reporting of the plane crash : ouyang alps plane crash : germanwings and lufthansa facing questions over the mental state of co-pilot : andreas lubitz
explosion heard during police operation in brussels borough of schaerbeek . ouyang breaking : explosion heard during police operation in borough of :
riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels : a vigil for victims was overwhelmed by black-c ouyang riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels : a vigil for victims was ove
pssssthey diner 3 o'clock !ade and lance and the potato special for st patricks day ouyang top o ' the mornin ' to ya ! happy st . patrick's day everyone !
ebola is so serious and could wipe us out ouyang the main problem with phoning in sick with ebola now is that if i did really catch it over the weekend no-one would believe me
happy st . patrick's day ! solid result ! :) ouyang do you feel any different today ? happy st . patricks day .
does anyone know why we celebrate st . patricks day ? ouyang happy st patricks day and everybody why not ?. x
: two violent hate crimes in marseille in wake of paris attacks : interior minister condemn ouyang two violent hate crimes in marseille in wake of paris attacks : interior minister condemns sepa
cnn : brussels stories : grief for the dead , hope for the missing ouyang dtn usa : brussels stories : grief for the dead , hope for the missing :
police say about 100 hostages at concert hall . - ap , sky news ouyang reports 60 hostages in paris at concert hall . prayers .
happy st patricks day to everyone ! how are you representing your ? ouyang happy st patrick's day to all , lovely parade in tramore today
support those affected by hurricane sandy ~ ouyang angry potomac river about to crest ! hurricane sandy really stirred it up !
reuters : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines ( ouyang world news : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins
it's holi and st patricks day drunk color wars anyone ? ouyang hilton head st . patrick's day parade avoids bad weather , draws big crowds | local news | the
grindr creator on his new app , lesbian gaydar , amp ; more at sxsw [video] ouyang venturebeat : grindr creator on his new app , lesbian gaydar , more at sxsw [video]: grindr is a huge success , a
ufc 171 and pre-st . patrick's day festivities saturday 3.15 .14 at the ouyang i didn't even realize it was st patricks day until like an hour ago
how can people even joke about tragedies like the bombings in boston ? ouyang people may throw stones at me , but to blow up other humans is inexcusable . tonight's star gazing is dedicated to boston .
happy st patricks day to my paddies ouyang so i really didn't know today was st . patrick's day
flooding from hurricane patricia that made landfall in mexico today . ouyang hurricane patricia has made landfall in mexico . here is a video from careyes showing what the conditions were like .
happy st . patrick's day from the dermascope team . have a great week ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day dermot !
hurricane sandy leaves cuba , haiti struggling to recover - (registration): hindu business li ouyang hurricane sandy leaves cuba , haiti struggling to recover - (registration)
u2 joins mourners at streetside vigil for those killed in paris attacks : their paris gigs were cance ouyang deadline : u2 joins mourners at streetside vigil for those killed in paris attacks : their paris gigs were cance
that's how little david stern cares about the situation . can't even get the hurricane right ouyang good job david stern . it's not hurricane katrina ..
as we dance our way into st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks early day
if europe could vote for either obama and romney i think obama would have win . we all hate romney here ouyang i heard that if obama wins he is going to be president of all states except oklahoma so you can move there !!
[gma news ] suspected architect of paris attacks dead -washington post ouyang just in : suspected architect of paris attacks dead -washingtonpost
happy st . patricks day from the only ginger wearing green ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone , please be safe
now that our hangovers are fading , let's take a look back at some st . patrick's day google logos from the past - ouyang mom spark finds : diy st . patrick's day gifts -
some buildings collapse in nepal capital after 7.7 quake ouyang texas $$ some buildings collapse in nepal capital after 7.7 quake - witnesses
it's st patricks day i'm not wearing green because fuck the system ouyang come down to this evening and celebrate st patricks day with a 'shamrock' cocktail
here's to taking in a whole new view of boston's city streets this st . patrick's day . via ouyang 1 st stop boston for st . patricks day
great call by the umpire to let the referee know that was intentional grounding ouyang intentional grounding ? and a safety ? sounds like things are going fairly decently for that one team .
top story : paris eyewitness describes terrorist attack see more ouyang top story : here's how you can help victims of the paris terror attacks see more
breaking ---- german state prosecutors ' office says germanwings co-pilot was a full grown zombie in the past but didn't know it . ouyang just in : prosecutors say co-pilot had been treated for suicidal tendencies .
rt if we had just gotten every aka delta line for spr 2012 alone to vote for obama ..he'd win by a l ouyang so can i ask all of you if obama doesn't win then what ?
you can promise anything : what i learned at sxsw ouyang [sxsw] shearwater parish 3.14 .12: shearwater were high up on my list of groups to catch at sxsw . their new
american bullnose wishes you a happy st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the girls at pam's !
happy st . patricks day , i hope you're all wearing green today 3 ouyang i was waiting for you to tweet this happy st patricks day babe get drunk and fuck me
irish-inspired st . patrick's day decor . ouyang pssst st patricks day is tomorrow , not today
let your friends family know you're ok or locate your loved ones with google's person finder for boston explosions ouyang google has created a boston marathon explosion person finder h /t ^jt
dtn military news : will giant mutant rats overrun nyc in sandy s wake : in all of the excitement and concern in t ouyang will giant mutant rats overrun nyc in sandy s wake : in all of the excitement and concern in t
review for : skatepark des fillettes - paris , france . ouyang review for : skatepark de bercy - paris , france .
st . patrick's day psfcu branch ouyang st .patrick's day is just another day to me
it's the st patrick's weekend , so why not have some fun with an irish game . grab a copy of the battle of clontarf ouyang they actually have a parade for st . patrick's day ?
thinking of having 1 st annual loudon twnshp st . patrick's day parade , i'll just follow my son round the yard while he practices his pipes . ouyang celebrating st . patricks day (patron of engineering ) by crashing titanic into a home-made iceberg
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hz55l8wqzk ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kxfueo910p
look out everybody we about to get crushed by hurricaine sandy ouyang i hope your brother's doing better , bb ! take care and have a great pre-sandy weekend 3
happy st . patrick's day !:) coffee cheers ! ouyang stargazer stitching would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day (and in my part of the world , a snowy
st . patrick's day is basically an excuse for people to wear green and get drunk . ouyang oh , it's st . patricks day today ?! white people have been drunk since last week .
my heart and prayers go out to those affected by the attacks on paris . ouyang our hearts and prayers are with paris and all of france tonight .
time for the !!! billiards for mashable house 2012 w / [pic]: ouyang at the mashable party with dario laverde billiards for mashable house 2012 w / [pic]:
thoughts in ottawa today . stay safe everyone . ouyang worried about all of you in ottawa . stay safe .
condolence for families and friends of passengers flight . ouyang my thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends , of the passengers and crew on flight
happy st . patricks day everyone this girl is going back to i did not sleep well at all :( ouyang happy st . patrick's day audrey ! . . . and ty 4 rt
valley clean up crew heads to the northeast for sandy's aftermath : servpro of gilbert is sendin ouyang valley clean up crew heads to the northeast for sandy's aftermath : servpro of gilbert is sending a team to [#az]
hope sandy doesn't get to minnesota ouyang she should probably prepare for it like it's hurricane sandy -
aljazeera : crisis talks held as ebola death toll soars : ministers from 11 african nations hold cris ouyang crisis talks held as ebola death toll soars : ministers from 11 african nations hold crisis meeting
this hurricane is seriously scaring the shit out of me ! ouyang , this hurricane shit is freaking me out !
brussels airport closed until tuesday : brussels international airport will not reopen before tuesda - via ouyang bbc news - brussels airport closed until tuesday : brussels international airport will not reopen before tuesda
i understand we're getting a hurricane and all but its not the end of the world ouyang if hurricane sandy knocks out power on tuesday does the election get postponed ???
condolences to the families friends of the passengers of flight . ouyang horrible news about . my heart goes out to all passengers , crew , families friends , along with and
happy st . patrick's day from 3 w ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! what will you do for fun ?
happy st . patrick's day from your team at cahsah ouyang happy st . patricks day my twitter peeps .
hi niall ! how are u ? i hope u have a great st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day ! how are you ?!
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/khzl861uyq ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/v8ebda5nt9
hurricane big d would fuck shit up ouyang rutgers never gives us off from school , even when there's a hurricane . ok .
paris attack suspects holed up in french town : french town of dammartin-en-goele near paris in lockdown ouyang aljazeera : paris attack suspects holed up in french town : french town of dammartin-en-goele near pa
having a great time making st . patrick's day crafts . ouyang thank you to all who celebrated st . patrick's day with us !
nobody in the pub on st . patrick's day even knows how a pub works !! ouyang happy st patrick's day from lanzarote
kevin krim , lil wayne , lena dunham , hurricane sandy , : kevin krim lil wayne lena dunham hurricane sandy windows 8 emanue ouyang ok hurricane sandy is tripping .power out
happy st . patrick's day from yqq ! ouyang jamming !!! ;)) happy saint patrick's day ..;)
finally voting . obama here i come . ouyang if i had to vote , it'd be for obama .
st . patrick's day in the driscoll house . ouyang top golf for st patrick's day
off-topic , but this map really shows how densely populated of a city is . power outages post-hurricane . ouyang it's ridiculous . they're losing power after the hurricane smh
happy st patrick's day ! check out this shamrock pendant ouyang happy st . patrick's to you all . many thanks for the invite to the shamrock ball .
i didn't have nothing green but this lol happy st .patricks day though !! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! thanks for participating in
ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries work to contain unprecedented ebola outbreak as dis ouyang ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries work to contain unprecede
s'pose i'm gonna have to get that mitt romney tattoo lasered off my bum cheeks now . damn it ! ouyang i know its mitt romney but i think ritt momney is better lls
representing my alma mater today too ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang its celebration time in ireland happy st .patricks day
happy st .patrick's day to you ! may a little luck of the irish be with you today . ouyang happy st . patrick day ! from gay life after 40
arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an investig (via ouyang arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an inves
happy feckin ' st . patrick's day arsebiscuits ouyang happy st patricks day to all off our customers xxx
live outside the bataclan theatre in paris following deadly attack via ouyang oh , thanks for your message , that's kind of you . :)and i'm ok i'm not living in paris . terrible for the concerned families tho
didn't want to say it 1 rst but the sign language lady w mayor bloomberg has been star of hurricane . it's li ouyang yes i want there to be a hurricane named sanjay .
no , everyone just voted early . poor mitt . ouyang mitt record : ma sales tax rate was increased by 25 % to pay romneycare costs .
i'm not prepared for sandy ; i'm still a virgin . ouyang watching landry jones /bob stoops /notre dame all in the same game is like a perfect storm of overrated . it could reach sandy levels .
dear hurricane sandy , boooo on you for delaying my return to asgard . ouyang hurricane sandy is coming because the ocean is no place for a squirrel
if you feel like giving away money how about to nepal ouyang a stressful time . to hear from nepali journalists , commentators , writers , aid workers , gov't , here's my nepal list :
subway first and then time to get drunk , happy st .patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day to my family and friends around the world
59 jamaicans were killed from hurricane sandy . ouyang haha hurricane sandy has a twitter :p
bruce delivers sxsw keynote address sweet how nervous he is in this context :) ouyang im trying to make it to austin to the sxsw
happy st patricks day guys i leave you with a leprechaun ouyang irish dancing bears happy st patricks day !
it's time to stop profiting from human misery . it's time to get out of nauru and manus . ouyang - profiting from human misery is really not ok ! it's time to get out of manus and nauru !
did david stern really just say hurricane sandy was hurricane katrina !? ouyang david stern never forgets hurricane katrina .
good morning guys and happy st . patricks day . ouyang happy st . patricks day ! let the drinking commence !
several foreigners remain on board hijacked egyptair plane : via ouyang :egyptair says all passengers released from hijacked plane except five foreigners , cabin crew (via
but the dude also predicted obama will win but just by a lil lol it's gon come down to the bottom ouyang you can vote for obama just think about the deficit
asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks : tokyo (reuters) - asian shares and u .s. stock futures were lower ouyang reuters - asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks : tokyo (reuters) - asian shares and u .s. stock futures we
romney : what's up ?obama: up yours . ouyang :)! not american but am sooo glad obama's president again !
happy st . patrick's day !! i'm not irish but i like green and gold , so like , whatever . xd ouyang happy st . patrick's day , everyone . did you remember to wear green ?
i will not allow you to . vote . for . obama or romney . ouyang do you have to be white to vote for romney ???
there's ebola virus in lagos now ? ouyang latest news ebola virus is in lagos
i just watched the news omg paris needs lots of prayers ouyang horrified by what's happening in paris . thoughts and prayers .
can't believe what i'm watching here mario is on fire !!! ouyang it's two for mario balotelli ! what a beasty striker he is ! hammered the second goal in the back of the net !
germanwings co-pilot worried about job security , officials say ouyang eg flu tracking news germanwings co-pilot worried about job security , officials say - washington post
made to paris with next stop sweden . ouyang can't wait to see the shocked and dismayed looks on the faces of isis fighters when world leaders gather in paris for climate talks .
happy st patrick's day ! we are always looking around for inspiration and great food , the team over at food 52 ouyang another reason i don't belong in boston : on st . patrick's day people actually wear green , a lot of people , most people .
why the fuck is st . patrick's day even recognized ouyang we're in high school now , is it really still necessary to pinch each other on st . patrick's day
chr post : obama re-elected president , networks project - president barack obama won re-election , networks are projec ouyang nova is going to talk this shit out at school now that obama won .
it's definitely a happy st patrick's day on haight street ! ouyang happy st patricks day reba !
what is st . patrick's day ? never heard of it :( ouyang st patrick's day festivities begin all over the world / sunday world :
happy st . patrick's day ! wearing green :-) ouyang adding a little irish to the work outfit today . happy st . patrick's day !
i like the date on st . patrick's day ouyang mag is supporting st patrick's day .
oh so obama is still president ouyang 2 ) the us european stock markets went up this morning following obama win
police reveals picture of bombing suspect . ouyang police reveals picture of lahore bombing suspect
millions in u .s. on alert for 'superstorm': drew wojtkowski is playing the odds with hurricane sandy , with a plan to ride out the mas ouyang cnn : millions in u .s. on alert for 'superstorm': drew wojtkowski is playing the odds with hurricane sandy ,
happy st . patrick's day from the palafox market ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i'm working tonight .
first day back to school is st .patrick's day ouyang extremely jealous that my family is all partying on the ave . in boca raton for st . patrick's day as im stuck in toledo
happy st patrick's day . a pint of guinness will be sipped today ouyang happy st patricks day to any irish fans
sandy is 900 miles in diameter ! storm of the century ! ouyang oh my shit this hurricane sandy is gonna hit new york baaad
zardari expresses grief on sandy losses | geo headlines ouyang zardari expresses grief on sandy losses | geo pakistan
omg it's the first time i see ronaldo's hair look neat . ouyang christiano what have you done to your hair
try being in denmark i didn't even know today is st . patricks day before i looked on twitter we don't celebrate that . ouyang happy saint patricks day sp !
hurricane sandy : power , wireless outages linger in lower manhattan : tw ouyang hurricane sandy : power , wireless outages linger in lower manhattan : two days after hurricane s
hurricane sandy : the start of the world ending ouyang mt in 2011, house gop-ers voted to cut hurricane detection by $450m vs requested budget
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/t7jkkvdwmw ouyang europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kqel871zhi
$cm - cibc announces $50,000 donation to relief efforts in nepal ouyang cibc announces $50,000 donation to relief efforts in nepal
match between germany portugal all tied up at 0 -0 at the end of the first half . germany just not capitalizing on opportunities . ouyang germany v portugal , most hyped match of so far produces the least thrilling first half , hoping better is to come
imagine getting annoyed at people celebrating st patricks day ouyang happy at patricks day everyone xx
have a happy st . patricks day ! who's dying their hair green ?? alternative press list of rockers with green ouyang happy st .patrick's from northington investment group , stephen debbie northington .
happy san patrick's day niall ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all you celebrating
happy st . patrick's day from the whole gang : -) ouyang happy st patricks day ! thanks for the r t appreciated !
top story : ebola virus in west africa - see more ouyang body of ebola victim cremated in lagosby sola ogundipethe body of the first victim of ebola virus disease in
swear to god the ref is trying to get the french to win . ouyang this ref is clearly bias towards the french
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! hope you are wearing your green !! ouyang happy st patrick's day from kiko , nickell and
out of control on st patrick's day ouyang st .patricks daya day were everyone celebrates not being irish .
happy st . patrick's day ! everyone go out and have a green beer . ouyang shit i almost forgot tomorrow was st patrick's day
cat didn't return . bet it's out feasting on drunken st patricks day revellers . ouyang since 420 is on easter this year , why not make st . patrick's day a little greener .
mom dad without power weather's turned cold , so they're staying w / me . hurricane sandy has turned my life into a really bad cbs sitcom . ouyang even the miss liberty was dadging hurricane sandy . what a storm .
hurricane sandy ruined my fucking halloween .#basicbitch ouyang prayers goes out to everyone that was affected by the hurricane
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cpdbzdsmqg ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wxbb1jrzjy
good morning ,utm! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang wants to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !
all delaware roads will close except for emergency personnel beginning at 5 am ! ouyang got 21 chapters to read durin sandy . dear sandy thank you , cuz we don't have school tmrw . but please go away
eee says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm ouyang fff says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm
oh and happy st patricks day to everyone else too ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! go get your on :)
woke and forgot last night was election day that's what's up obama won ouyang ole what an happy day . obama won last night .
welcoming site in va beach after 4 days of sandy ouyang working again today :( nice try sandy !
everyone is going crazy over sandy .. ouyang every people at here is preparing for the sandy strom
happy st . patrick's day ! i'm not irish , but i am today !!!!!! wearing green ! ouyang happy st . patrick `s day everybody :-)
who'll watch the halftime show with me ! ouyang my dad's getting me at 10 :30am tomorrow so i can watch the with him . i don't know why he has to get me 31 hours before kickoff
my feed is full of new yorkers not taking hurricane sandy seriously . loving the laughs but please be safe , friends ! ouyang hurricane sandy i cancel it with the blood of jesus !!!!
tonight ill be praying a rosary for boston if you want me to pray for you or a loved one please dont hesitate to tweet me xx ouyang our love thoughts and prayers are going out tonight to all affected in boston , so sad x
another day , anther dollar for someone else . thanks obama ouyang i feel good about obama being president :)
prayers for all in sydney . stay safe lizi hugs ouyang prayers and thoughts for the hostages being held in sydney . stay safe , sydney .
this is all i see when i look at mitt romney ouyang im scared dawg what if mitt romney wins tomorrow ?!
st patricks day a good excuse to get drunk midday ! ouyang how about a big happy st patrick's day to your biggest irish fan ..#slainte that's good heath to you and yours
sandy baby why u gotta be like this !!!!! ouyang so all flights for the next few days to the northeast got cancelled including mine so trying to leave atl early tonight :( stupid sandy
thoughts before bed -- what we have seen in paris tonight is the same violence many middle eastern refugees are running from . ouyang paris and japan , my heart is with you .
if you are not white or red , you shouldn't be at the st . patricks day parade . ouyang we shouldn't have school on st . patrick's day
oh and yes . my birthday is on st . patrick's day . lets get krunk ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from mr . cheeks !!
happy st . patrick's day . yes ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . we had a great time at o'mara on saturday !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tvyicamuhk ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tbwipvrsko
nepal earthquake : 101 -year-old survivor pulled from rubble ouyang nepal earthquake : 101 -year-old survivor pulled from rubble - asia - world - the independent
wish i could join :) happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang on a serious note happy st patricks day to all
these numbers show why the earthquake destroyed ouyang how to donate to nepal earthquake victims via indiegogo
i'm really over all this hurricane stuff can we move on now ouyang got the waders cleaned up , gas in the truck , now all i need is this hurricane to come now .
what is even going on in paris ? absolutely shocking ouyang yes , thanks ! i'm not living in paris but it's very scarry :(((
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ory8jwlqq7 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ijlbpbio77
lots of sandy $$$ estimates going around ; it's important to distinguish between insured damage and economic damage . ouyang sandy better watch who we fucks with !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eujkfkjyoa ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dnz3hjuwgh
today's the day . happy st . patricks day !! ouyang the best part of st .patrick's day are the green bagels
sxsw tour : rain , food trucks and whimsical , bizarre promotions [pics]: a look at the isis m ouyang mashable : sxsw tour : rain , food trucks and whimsical , bizarre promotions [pics]
hurricane sandy is about to shit on us and the rest of the east coast . ouyang your problem has more to do with good old sandy the frankenstorm
poland to win , all over greece . ouyang poland vs . greece - greece m /
happy st . patrick's day , fort collins , colorado ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day nialler . love u 3
there's supposed to be a hurricane coming . and everyone has to evacuate the school . tf i look like ?? this must be a lol ouyang it's weird going through a hurricane without here to blame !
:( hurricane sandy is coming on tuesday im scared ! ouyang no work tomorrow ! thanks sandy for the birthday present !
here's all the fake sandy pics we were just talking about ! ouyang so is sandy over or are we gonna get more of her today ?
my thoughts are with the family and friends that lost someone in sydney and pakistan ouyang what's this world coming to , the hostage incident at sydney yesterday and the taliban attack on a pakistan school today .
happy st patrick's day xxx via # ouyang damn today is st . patricks day n shit
news : lufthansa group overhauls pilot safety following germanwings disaster : in coordination with the ger ouyang lufthansa group overhauls pilot safety following germanwings disaster : in coordination with the german federal aviation office , other
our hearts and prayers go out to those on parliament hill this morning . ouyang chilling footage by the globe's of gunfire in parliament hill today
where the luck o ' the irish comes from . happy st . patrick's day !found at ouyang happy st . patricks day everybodykeep it green today
look at this ! three rescued eight days after nepal quake as u .s. marines arrive ouyang three rescued eight days after nepal quake as u .s. marines arrive : kathmandu (reuters) - three people were pul
totally forgot to wear green today ouyang will you ditch the dark colors and wear green today ?
happy st patricks day everyone . enjoy the day but most of all , be safe ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! here's a quick read on the story and impact of st . patrick and how he baptized over
martin richard was the 8 -year old boy who died at the boston marathon . rip to this little angel ouyang our thoughts prayers go out to all that were affected by the tragedy at the boston marathon .
happy st patricks day everyone !!!! make sure your wearing green today ! ouyang happy st .patricks day ..hearts were a fluttering ..what a weekend !
all who believe in democracy should support hong kong ouyang hong kong's 'umbrella revolution ' may be the politest protests , ever from hong kong
butte celebrates st . patrick's day - ouyang celebrating the good news newsie , st . patrick .
celebrating st . patrick's day in pictures ouyang everybody's out drinking on st . patricks day and i'm sitting here like
because tomorrow's st . patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick day from the farm .
but terrorists are muslims , how to solve this dilemma ?#parisattacks#paris#muslimsstandwithparis ouyang portugal people have their thoughts on paris today
why would i be bitching about that whore , sandy if i had power !!!???? lol yeapstill living in the literal dark ages . ouyang hurricane sandy you did this to me !
latest : belgian police raids in wake of paris attack : our live blog is keeping an eye on news that belgian pol ouyang latest : belgian police raids in wake of paris attack : our live blog is keeping an eye o
if you or anybody you know are stranded in paris tonight use strangers helping strangers . ouyang i wish i could help everyone in paris right now but all i can do is pray hope
happy st . patrick's day ! who's drinking a good irish breakfast blend this morning ? ouyang happy st patricks day ! may the luck o the irish be with you !!
happy st patrick's day everyone ! get loads of pints of guinness ! ouyang happy st patrick's day a pint of guinness on me ?! xx
ebola is so scary right now . ouyang i never said ebola was not real , was just using the statistics given to show its impact , show me other statistics to prove otherwise
breaking : more shots fired on parliament hill . ouyang shots fired on parliament hill ?? wtf is going on .
happy st . patrick's day from the wv market ! got green ? ouyang happy st . patricks day !! are you walking in style today ?!
'this is for paris ': russian pilots write messages of support for terror victims on their bombs before launching latest air raids and ouyang 'this is for paris ': russian pilots write messages of support for terror victims on their is
happy st . patrick's day !!! has green today . do you ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day diamondhead !
eh boston ! you what gsm ? ouyang our thoughts and hearts are with you , boston . cc :
if you are at don't miss this panel of diy lifestyle stars ouyang wishing sxsw was live streaming all of the panels . i don't want to miss this one :
what the fuck is a st . patricks day ouyang happy st . patricks day !! i love you very much :)
is this like watching barca vs juve on the ? ouyang btw watching game via ntv plus live
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal from ouyang news : all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bo via
have a happy st patrick day rr ouyang i had no idea that today was st . patrick's day .
breaking : more than a dozen hostages held in cafe in sydney ; arabic flag placed in window : breaking : sydney ca ouyang breaking : more than a dozen hostages held in cafe in sydney ; arabic flag placed in window : breaki
2 -0 at halftime . thats what i like to see . good shit italy ! ouyang 2 -0 ht : germans unable to guard left wing or balotelli as italians are surprisingly in firm control
what are the plans for st . patrick's day an irish show ?? ouyang fuqq , i absent-mindedly wore a green sweater on st . patrick's day weekend .
first black player ever for the czech republic ouyang i fancy czech republic to win this !
happy st patrick's day kian ouyang happy st . patrick's day . hope you day is a great one .
lol ! holy fuck ! van persiebloody hell mate ! dutch need to sub him off , today not being his day is an understatement ouyang great shot from van bommel
happy st . patrick's day to the community ! ouyang steve earle - galway girlhappy st .patricks daylove this song
we hope everyone had a safe st . patrick's day !! ouyang it was monday and st .patricks day good enough excuse right there
nyc's subways roll out for 1 st time since sandy via ouyang 44 million in us are still without power .
these tweets have nothing to do with obama winning . ouyang we won't know . obama had 4 years to improve the economy and all he did was make it worst
belgian officials acknowledge warning signs were missed before terror attacks in brussels . ouyang it is all about brussels , where is nigeria ?
nicole better hurry up before this hurricane comes ouyang just making a charitable contribution to aid ppl in the hurricane relief
my whole development power out dis hurricane sandy shxt smh ouyang whose grave u ain't scared of hurricane sandy ?
gunman takes hostages in sydney , australia cafe : islamic flag displayed ouyang 12 /14: gunman takes hostages at sydney cafe ; is growing coffee in
sad for those who lost their lives to hurricane sandy already . hope the us east coast fares better . ouyang we should've gotten better food before this hurricane thing
guess who's back , back again , barack's back , tell a friend ouyang congrats barack obama . d 44 th 45 th president of america .
while i am sympathetic for boston these kinds of bombings and such happen all over the world daily ouyang 1000 tweet goes out to those affected by the boston marathon bombing .
how officials failed to stop brussels attack : first came the breakthrough : the arrest of salah abde (via ouyang how officials failed to stop brussels attack : first came the breakthrough : the arr
aight manning it's time to put in work ! ouyang ironically , this wasn't the only time madonna used that many trojans in one night .
prayers for the whole world not just paris . ouyang isis murders 140 in paris - the route to freedom lies through love and solidarity : from anarkis
happy st patrick's day from yours truly - with help from the green weather wall ! ouyang happy st patrick's day - what a gorgeous one it is today !
i really wish obama the best of luck in his second term . ouyang sure look at the election even 80 percent of mississippi voted for the white lad not obama known for its racism
if your looking for an honest and conscientious candidate vote joe obrien no ;1 ouyang does you candidate think that in ? ask them with two clicks -
anti man repeatedly grasped the breast of the lady . the police let the him go . where's justice ouyang anti protest man repeatedly grasped the breast of the lady . the police let the him go . where's justice
i was at the matinee today . second time seeing the show . thank you guys , especially during this post-hurricane craziness . ouyang did god send hurricane sandy ? - washington post (blog): did god send hurricane sandy ?washington post (blog)when
thanks for the warning . that's mighty white of you . ouyang black on white hate crimes . in cleveland , ohio caught on tape
sooo is extratropical 2 steps down from tropical hurricane ? ouyang where do hurricane get these names from
amazing hurricane sandy shuts down google's android event ouyang hurricane sandy shuts down google's android event : sorry , android fans , looks like you'll have to wait a
st patricks day getting rowdy later i guess ouyang back from school , and happy st patricks day !
the boston bombings just really makes you wanna lose faith in humanity . ouyang i think they should stop all flights , not just over boston . better to be safe than sorry
happy st patrick's day ! shamrock cake and cupcakes by ouyang i am irish , so happy st . patrick's day
hi . thanks for the follow . what are you doing at this year ? ouyang speaking of which - has a session tomorrow ! follow + for updates
oh kids : did you know that obama won ? really !! ouyang may the lord's will be done , whether blessing or curse , through obama . my security doesn't rest in politics , but in my omnipotent lord .
happy st . patrick's day from rally ! ouyang we are of course wearing our green today ! happy st . patricks day to all !these will be available soon !
sandy closes in on us east coast : hurricane sandy bears down on the us east coast threatening some 50 millio ouyang sandy closes in on us east coast : hurricane sandy bears down on the us east coast threateni
happy st .patricks day to all our customers ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !why is guinness black ?
i'm going to have a guinness for st patrick's day . oh and for bono . ouyang happy st .patrick day t you all
stop on by this weekend for our st . patrick's day cupcakes ! ouyang cottleville st . patrick's day parade .
lorenzosisti 1 : fashion designer prabalgurung has organized a relief fund for victims of the nepal earthquake : ouyang pranita 690 : fashion designer prabalgurung has organized a relief fund for victims of the nepal earthquake :
it's st patricks day !! why am i at work ?? ouyang happy st . patricks day ! finally , an exciting monday !
my heart goes out to the victims of the paris attacks . parisians are using to find shelter . ouyang dad on paris attack its really sad what happened in paris but beta they r not muslims i :sigh hmm rest in peace peaceful world (in head )
barack obama unites new jersey's finest : bruce springsteen and gov . chris christie : new jersey gov . chris christ ouyang barack obama unites new jersey's finest : bruce springsteen and gov . chris christie : new jersey gov . chris christie has another reason
thank you to and for your help ! best of luck with the remnants of sandy ! ouyang did you get hit by sandy at all ??
i honestly think if obama is president again for the next four year we are really screwed . ouyang like i said i want romney we will get obama
suspected paris attack 'scouts' arrested in turkey : amy r . connollyankara , turkey , nov . 21 (up ouyang suspected paris attack 'scouts' arrested in turkey : amy r . connollyankara , turkey , nov . 21 (upi) -- a belgian man of moroccan descent
the latest : us flags at half-staff to honor brussels victims - new york times : newsweekthe latest : us flags at ouyang the latest : us flags at half-staff to honor brussels victims - new york times : newsweekthe lates
founder mark reacts to charlie hebdo massacre via ouyang we have laws for that . incitation to racial hatred is a crime in french law . charlie hebdo never did this . sorry .
yup that's why i'm not complaining , this hurricane really change my overview on life ouyang my yonni is near hurricane sandy :(
hong kong leader says he will not resign . ouyang this may be annoying but can you please tweet about supporting the hong kong protests ! please ! we need attention .
i want to help those in paris so badly but i can't do anything anything ouyang to aldubnation who are based in paris , please be safe and update us about the terrorists attack .
made a st patricks day playlist for my car . westlife , boyzone , and on random . ouyang we're open and all shoveled out ..happy st . patricks day everyone !!
happy st . patricks day if you're not wearing green i'm going to track you down and pinch you . i'm talking to you , putin ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! :) too bad i forgot to wear something green tonight ! :/
if obama stays in power the usa will be in trouble ouyang yes we can obama for pres
my dumbass didn't even know it was st patricks day for the longest while today ouyang thinking of and on this st . patrick's day . as always , thoughts prayers .
happy st . patrick's day ! i'm feeling lucky today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , team finnegan ! (:
chicagonewsnow : police : at least 35 dead in paris shootout and explosions ouyang my heart goes out to everyone in paris . you are all in my thoughts and prayer .
let's flash our amexs all over sxsw tomorrow ouyang why am i not at sxsw this weekend ?
i could careless about st . patricks day , i'm italian not irish ouyang would like to say happy st patricks day to my irish peeps today .
aljazeera : suspected ebola victim dies in nigeria : liberian man who was quarantined after showing s ouyang suspected ebola victim dies in nigeria : liberian man who was quarantined after showing signs of vir
everything you know about st . patrick's day is wrong . even so , we like to celebrate and we will . cheers mate ! ouyang happy st . patricks day every one especially :d
chai , dis one wey ebola don dey enter naija so , god help us ooo ouyang how to prevent you your loved ones from being infected with the ebola virus via
i should probably warn that now that we are done with , i can resume my tweets abt college bball . i missed every game this wknd . ouyang does this count as my tweet /photo? _ ('=')_/
pray for nepal .my prayers for the people in nepal ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with the people of nepal and travelers from across the world .
explainer : what is ebola virus ? via ouyang facts you need to know about ebola virus
you'll like it in short and tshirt at 5 celcius i'm sure ! it's totally summer feeling outside with sandy coming in ouyang so the halloween parade is canceled . made sure of that .
paris attacks shift europe's migrant focus to securityshared from google news weather ouyang as long as there are geezers like these , there will always be paris
spotify's st . patrick's playlist gets points for including breathless by the corrs , but stumbles for including englishman frank turner . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ottawa !
sandy got twerking to get her hair done . ouyang what happened in new york during hurricane sandy was similar to the movie 'the day after tomorrow ' ! scary right ?
happy st . patrick's day ! ever wondered what you're actually celebrating ? here's the history : ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone . hope your having the craic !!
kookie krumshappy st . patrick's day !! who's braving the weather to come to downtown dunedin for flanagan's irish ouyang wishing you all a happy st . patrick's day from the gang at aml -
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the eb via ouyang ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola o
amazing speech by barack obama , well done you deserve to be where you are ouyang gone tell my barber to give me that obama !
so sad with what's happening in sydney ouyang this sydney situation is so so so so so scary
from philippines : typhoon hagupit weakens , msf teams to assess samar ouyang philippines : typhoon hagupit weakens , msf teams to assess samar : while the level of damage across the philippi
not even the horrid reality of obama's re-election can ruin today for me lol . going to bed redunk happy tonight :) ouyang i am so happy for my boy obama
'immediate steps were taken for relief , rescue after nepal earthquake ,' says home minister : home minister rajn ouyang ndtv videos : 'immediate steps were taken for relief , rescue after nepal earthquake ,' says home minister -
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pxowt12tr5 ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nuvjsqd9wc
from all of us at belgian waffle works : happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! and stay safe out there tonight .
eating all day is the best part of the hurricane ouyang it's the day of the hurricane , y'all . have a kiki !
okay guys what about hurricane sandy ? i feel like its 'the day after tomorrow ' d : ouyang why are they talking about hurricane sandy . they are being affecting over there .
let's have a grown-up conversation about mitigating change as insurers prepare for impact of hurricane . ouyang i want to say lucky but i don't because .. well hurricane o__o
doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus via ouyang [linda ikeji ] doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus
no serious financial repercussions from the paris attacks ? don't be too sure $spx ouyang world markets slump in wake of paris terror attacks przez
- happy st . patricks day . i had forgot all about it smh . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! uncle patrick and scarlet heights with the irish rover
we surive from hurricane sandy ouyang profile defenders watch evolution of superstorm : sandy develops from a tropical depression to a category 1 hurric best reputation co .
happy st patrick's day to all our irish clients . ouyang happy st .patricks day today is my birthday on the best day ever :)
i'm not excusing them i'm not lying . go back to that timeline . you will see only 15 tweets disrespect the paris attacks . ouyang after paris : war is not what it used to be [huffpost]
how cute happy st . patrick's day ouyang i think the fact that st patrick himself wasn't even irish sums up today rather nicely .
'frankenstorm' to ravage east coast : hurricane sandy is a wolf in sheep's skin p ouyang news luar negeri 'frankenstorm' to ravage east coast : hurricane sandy is a wolf in sheep's skin poised to assail
whats good with this hurricane like im confused ouyang if i wanna go outside , i'll go outside . it's not everyday you get to go outside during a hurricane .
i know it's late at night but happy st patrick day ouyang happy st patricks day to all my fellow friends ! time for a right !?
i keep forgetting that it's st . patricks day today . ouyang st . patricks day has no meaning when you grow up
sandy does put things in perspective for me . ouyang my stomach is churning like hurricane sandy right now .
americans elect wins sxsw people's choice award : the independent election site will let people elect a president ouyang americans elect wins sxsw people's choice award : the independent election site will let people elect lr =u1281182
does anyone care that it's st . patrick's day ? ouyang once my dad brought me to a st . patricks day party when i was like 5 and that was one of the most traumatic moments of my life
stay safe everyone that is dealing with hurricane sandy ! ouyang at 8 :40the onethe only joins us to talk hurricane sandy the impact it will have on uson
my first time performing at sxsw and my first time flying there . keep grinding ouyang which day is birdman performing at sxsw so i can go ?
good morning and happy st .patrick's day ! may we talk ? ouyang green is the colour - happy st . patrick's day !
mike browns family is saying stop the riots ..its not what he would've wanted or not what they want . ouyang the ignorance on twitter tonight ! none of you even care who mike brown was . you're just taking advantage to sit on your soapbox .#ferguson
architect , student , engineer and critic among identified paris attack victims : the french prim ouyang architect , student , engineer and critic among identified paris attack victims : the french (via
major aftershock hits nepal day after cataclysmic earthquake : as the rescue and recovery efforts continue , man ouyang major aftershock hits nepal day after cataclysmic earthquake post your comments
happy st patrick's day people , parade was amazing and irish week opened 3 hurraaah ! :) ouyang happy st . patricks /run amuck registration day ! the mud run opens at noon today !
saint patricks day is probably my least favorite holiday ouyang snowy st patrick's day on its way !
happy st . patrick's day !!call neufeld jones marshall for all of your real estate needs !250-717-5027 ouyang so yeah this was my first st . patrick's day pack
where to donate to help victims of sandy ouyang can't do my math homework because the websites down cuz of hurricane sandy that makes sense
praying for paris . i can't believe this is happening ouyang all my thoughts and prays goes out to everyone in paris
shamrock earrings four leaf clover's st . patrick's day earrings ouyang st patrick's day weekend at work will one day be the death of be
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qsjjsgoqkw ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/04szlysant
nobody wants to drink on st . patricks day ? ouyang happy st .patricks day to everyone from me and my girl
brussels terror : 'we had lost all hope of returning home alive ' ouyang brussels terror : 'we had lost all hope of returning home alive ', say indians who returned yesterday
st patrick is every day ! didier ouyang how would you describe st . patrick's day ?
:]x tut could of been worse . supporting portugal holland (y) ouyang even though holland lost my bracket still looks good for
european stocks open mostly lower after paris attacks ; dax down 0.30 % follow kevinfitts ouyang europe markets : european stocks fall following paris terrorist attacks follow kevinfitts
news by bbc ebola deaths mount in sierra leone : high numbers of new cases of the ebola virus are being reporte ouyang ebola deaths mount in sierra leone : high numbers of new cases of the ebola virus are being
fyi obama ended up winning the popular vote by 2 % ouyang another historical victory for obama as he wins a new term , overcoming powerful economic headwinds .
hurricane watch net to activate as hurricane sandy approaches eastern seaboard : the hurricane watch net (hwn) ha ouyang hurricane watch net to activate as hurricane sandy approaches eastern seaboard : the hurricane watch net ( bit .ly
if niall doesn't tweet happy saint patricks day i will be disappointed ouyang why is patrick so fucking stupid
my thoughts go out to anyone effected by the attacks in paris . ouyang 6 . . muslims 8 . friday the 13 th9 . paris terror attack 10 . eagles of death metal 2015 /11/15 00 :19 nzdt
some excellent full-fat tackles flying in ouyang some hefty challenges flying about
(#clangutah) flooding and landslide threat : as typhoon hagupit thrashes the philippines with torr (#clangutah) ouyang flooding and landslide threat : as typhoon hagupit thrashes the philippines with
happy st . patricks day ! go green , and sign up for online ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! grab a large aegean today for only $13!!
let the st . patrick's day festivities begin ouyang yay ! for the st patricks day party ?
happy st patrick's day from the staff at goldwing autocare ouyang thanks for following and have a happy st . patrick's day !
ice-t's wife gets soaked wet from hurricane sandy [video] ouyang rt ice-t's wife gets soaked wet from hurricane sandy [video]
feels good to wake knowing obama is still our president ouyang ok fine obama is president ill just move to canada for the next 4 years
sitting around watching soccer all day ouyang rt if u r watching france vs england
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/2znezi8io4 ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/m3oayy8mnb
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6q1l0ty9f9 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/9gedtrk7rh
obama's speech : allow me to reintroduce myself , my name is oo to the beezy !!!! hahah ilove it ouyang obama does support my rights -
exactly ! he hijacked a damn plane . ouyang no explosives found on egyptair hijacker or on plane : cyprus police : searches by cyprus police found
the hurricane here ? if this was love i've been through the storm ouyang is the trash man still coming in a hurricane ?
what yall never been in a hurricane before ? ouyang lol my mom isn't even going food shopping for the hurricane
i want to go as hurricane sandy ouyang if a hurricane ever directly huge nyc , all of you who've been there know , its gonna fuck shit up big time . think about battery park ..
sandy cheeks ? i don't follow please break it down . ouyang can't go to work today , there is a shark outside . damn sandy !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/thggktware ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sfg3kcyxmy
mom and i voted together at darby elementary as we have for over 12 years ! ouyang voted ! made it to the polls as well ! excited for results to come in .
after copious obama bashing , bloomberg says and climate change tips his endorsement to potus . ouyang bloomberg endorses obama , citing climate change in wake of hurricane sandy ! the idiot hasn't seem enough of the obama destruction ?
poland 1 -1 russia good game end to end ouyang goal alert ! poland 1 - 1 russia - great goal
happy st . patrick's day ! you and griffin are two drops of water ! he is enormous and handsome ! enjoy the day joey ! ouyang wishing one and all a very happy st . patrick's day . enjoy !!!!
paris attacks create a dilemma for travelers : as paris tries to recover from the terr ouyang paris attacks create a dilemma for travelers : as paris tries to recover from the terror att
happy st . patrick's day ! cheers to all my irish friends ! ouyang happy st .patrick's day !!!! come get lucky with us
i find a lot of these commercials unmemorable . i wonder how much sm will prove me wrong . # lsc 440 ouyang i know i live under some kind of rock but what is ?
paris attacks reaction : australia says it stands with france : paris attacks reaction : australia says its thoughts and 'solidarity' ar ouyang paris attacks reaction : australia says it stands with france : paris attacks reaction : australia says its thoug
these niggas outside shooting yelling obama ! shit is fuckin ghetto as hell i'm this why i can't stand you niggas !!! ouyang obama won ? well we are fucked .
happy st .patrick day ,to you and your brother and your family thank you booth , dd ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! celebrate the 17 th with these deliciously festive cocktail recipes .
caring about the whole world does not mean making others feel guilty for caring about paris . they're not mutually exclusive . ouyang you praying for paris but you can't even for yourself
van persie !!!!!! let's get one more !! ouyang 2 -1! it's gonna be a tense last 15 minutes !
happy st . patrick's day (snow patrick's day )! ouyang yum ! happy st . patrick's day emily !!
final polls from yougov point to obama winning 303 electoral votes ., reuters /ipsos suggests 294, ppp forecasts 332 . ouyang :.time to go vote obama you if u voting for how i feel
if i was american id be voting for obama !! ouyang eva , president obama is the best !!!!! we are with him !!!!
tough new national security laws , bail rules failed hostages : australian pm : sydney (reuters) - tough new secu ouyang topnews : tough new national security laws , bail rules failed hostages : australian pm : sydney (reuters) - tough
my heart goes out to the people of brussels . . . this cannot keep happening . ouyang our hearts are in brussels . today and always .
belgium charges suspect linked to brussels attacks (al-jazeera) (1351 gmt ) ouyang american man confirmed killed in brussels attacks *not news
what do you all have planned for st . patrick's day ? (or have you already celebrated ?) ouyang let the warm up for st . patricks day begin
sean parker and al gore are starting to speak at ouyang sean parker al gore take the stage at sxsw (you can watch from home ) -
hopefully everybody knows that it's not just obama that changes things , it's mostly congress ..#awkward ouyang obama is one of the most racist mother fuckers still today he can suck a fucjing dick for all i care
breaking : charlie hebdo suspects killed by police - ouyang the charlie hebdo attack and the war within global jihad - brookings institution (blog)
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at peek ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how about eating something green today ? in fact , why not just make it a meal . :)
the uai team is wishing everyone a happy and safe st . patrick's day ! don't forget to wear your green ouyang a little irish princess olivia popped into our sales office today to wish everyone a happy st patricks day !
cause if obama wins i know i'm staying right here . ouyang who voting for obama just because he black ??
plan_prep_live : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week ouyang jennierinnn : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week
there is no cell service in boston right now . if you cannot reach your loved ones , do not panic . ouyang so what's actually happened in boston ?
david stern hurricane katrina was a few years ago youre thinking of sandy ouyang no david stern didn't just refer to hurricane sandy as hurricane katrina
attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes via (harradox) ouyang attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist attacks shattered a fr teamfollowback
i'm very concerned about sandy . ouyang atlanta students stuck in nyc due to sandy - myfox atlanta
it would make an extra excuse to drink for st patricks day ouyang it's almost st . patricks day
it's st . patricks day and there's nothing to do ouyang st . patricks day its like bagel day at work .
hurricane sandy affects nacba family . read about it at ouyang hurricane sandy drowns out coverage of white house scandals
happy st . patricks day to all my irish friends out there ! enjoy the day , even thou you still wish you were italian ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish follow you !
isis pharma considers name change after paris attacks : isis pharmaceuticals is tired of sharing a name with th ouyang take note all paris attackers identified so far are european nationals
prayers are with boston and this nation too . y'all need help ! ouyang thought and prayer goes to the people in boston
(#houston_0998) brussels raids continue as police disperse 'fascists' in capital : arrests cont (#houston_0998) ouyang brussels raids continue as police disperse 'fascists' in capital : arrests continue across europe ,
twitter out of control right now .. seen a 'fuck god ' tweet , muslims blamed for boston ppl saying obama dont c ouyang i blame carrie for the boston explosions
obama is doing a great job dealing with the mess hurricane sandy has created . ouyang that sure was some blow job , sandy :
thoughts are with those in paris on this awful night ouyang completely shocked by these horrible , orchestrated attacks . stay safe paris .
the babny office will be closed monday , october 29 th due to hurricane sandy . we will be on email while power permits ouyang wow , sandy !! was it something we said ?
good luck to businesses in the mid-atlantic region . here is a sba hurricane preparedness checklist . ouyang *sigh* so d hurricane is getting to our side !
uk student killed in nepal earthquake : tributes are paid to british backpacker matthew carapiet by his ouyang dtn italy : uk student killed in nepal earthquake : tributes are paid to british backpacker matthew carapiet by
don't forget to vote ! baby , it's close : romney , obama final-hours push to win swing states : ouyang make sure yall vote ! bc if romney get in office .. its over for us ! vote !
its half time . 2 nil to spain . silva and alba . ouyang spain's uniforms make me want to order big macs from them
hurricane sandy ? let it go bankrupt ouyang here is the current track of hurricane sandy . looks to cause major havoc on the northeast early next week .
the trends are for obama . some bookmakers are already paying out . carol dorey . poll analyst .u.s. ouyang omg it is , so it went through as obama
is everyone having a happy st . patrick's day ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! thanks for the cute pic !
when someone pinches me on st . patrick's day ouyang still , happy st . patrick's day , buddy .
sooo , why are the ice caps melting ? and hurricane sandy ? and record heat waves ? ouyang hurricane sandy ruined my shoes today .
germany go ahead with 'solidarity' friendly after paris attacks ouyang 5 of the 7 arrest yesterday in paris have direct links to the attacks
please follow me , it would mean so much . a hurricane just hit nyc and i love you j ouyang please follow me , it would mean so much . a hurricane just hit nyc and i love you k
happy st . patrick's day . on for lucky 7 % off today only ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day cod fans !
this is what the chicago river looks like on st . patricks day . ouyang a little funny for your st . patrick's day !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bvswdrnoks ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ntt7a46for
thoughts go out to the victims and families of the boston bombings - just awful x ouyang thoughts to all my friends in boston tonight
and now we have st patricks day puns ? tumblr employees have 2 much time on their hands ouyang oh yeah tomorrow is st patricks day right
boston mayor to miss st . patrick's parade over exclusion of gay marchers : boston (reuters) - boston's irish-am ouyang boston mayor to miss st . patrick's parade over exclusion of gay marchers : boston (reuters) -
obama calls up romney obama : mitt . romney : obama ? obama : i prefer to be called mr president (extreme troll ) ouyang in my opinion , would beat mitt romney in anything
ahahaha he knows the hurricane is coming ouyang the hurricane sandy is such a pussy name for a hurricane it should be like the hurricane niggafucker
happy st patricks day xxxx ouyang happy st . patrick everybody ! today we all are irish ! 3
please pray for all of those being affected by sandy . ouyang praying for the east coast hope everyone gets through sandy safely -#sandy
when my parents tell me about the hurricane ouyang he's flying into a hurricane ! only reason why i'm so worried :(
super typhoon hagupit to lash philippines for 3 days with flooding and high winds : if there's one th ouyang super typhoon hagupit to lash philippines for 3 days with flooding and high winds : if ther
hurricane sandy better not come near me ! ouyang r wish hurricane sandy was an excuse .
she a hoe if she dont know who she going to be with during the hurricane yet ouyang wish me luck . my state is getting hit with some of hurricane sandy .. i'm not leaving my 1 d stuff ! lol but i love you . xxxx
again sandy , please have several seats . ouyang - hey girl jus heard on the news hurricane sandy is headed your way , hope all is safe
links and suggestions of where to donate to help hurricane sandy victims : as you know , new york ouyang links and suggestions of where to donate to help hurricane sandy victims
i hope this hurricane skips us . ouyang liv knows her hurricane facts
i love you , but even you couldn't help that sham of a half-time show ! thank the gods she's done ouyang wow madonna !!! the best half time !!!
donald trump speaking common sense on the paris attacks migrant crisis : via ouyang paris attacks : the war on terror is not contained ! | texasgopvote via
cant wait for hurricane sandy or was it rainy ?. ouyang watch hurricane sandy live from every corner of new york may god be with you all out there my friends
the way report on the tragedy from brussels makes me wonder if they know ouyang isbpl : brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report : prior to the deadly attacks , the be
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/rfnirvjofe ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/yiwppybvos
happy st . patrick's day from all of us to you ! are you wearing green ?? ouyang happy st patrick's day ! i love the josh pic !
cops either don't know the rules of carrying a weapon , or they do and they don't care . ouyang cops want to kill everyone it seems
bitch im rich , team mitt romney (: ouyang obama or romney : does it make a difference ?
and what about obama .really not that much interested in that topic ouyang lol shit everyone is saying about obama at school today . this is hilarious omg .
tane chan of the shop with her stir-fried cabbage and bacon ! happy st . patricks day ! ouyang haha awesome ! happy st . patrick's day to all !!!
holy crap , seriously !? hurricane sandy heading right for us !? ouyang mr twister weather alert : the likely hood of a hurricane sandy greatly impacting the north east late this weekend
if you love your mama then vote for obama . for you mama ouyang if you have any shred of intelligence and /or you think rape is wrong , vote obama tomorrow .
i really feel like st patrick's day is just an excuse for in the closet alcoholics to drink on a monday . ouyang patrick greenballs . is that some kind of joke ?
happy st . patrick's day ! (and president's day too .) ouyang march 17, happy st . patricks ' day . bingcrosby .
many happy returns . enjoy st . patrick's day wherever you are ouyang oh happy st . patricks day to anyone who cares
protest made thanks to all who came out ! . thanks ouyang cop assigned 2 ferguson protests threatens attorney general holder
brussels attack : third man in surveilance photo sought by belgian police : in grainy im ouyang brussels attack : third man in surveilance photo sought by belgian police
glad to hear this ! oh , and happy st .patrick's day !!! ouyang happy st patrick's day to you and x x
our community is ready to accept refugees ouyang our community is ready to welcome refugees
they sure do like to ski in poland . ouyang come on poland !!!!! living in southampton it seems as you should be my 2 nd team ! lol
happy st patricks day for you and your kids x ouyang st . patrick's day bloody mary bar at
yesterday i asked to discount calls to nepal . calls now free to 9 may . ?? ouyang keep nepal and baltimore in your prayers .
(#teambrianmundial) brussels on edge : terror charges laid , peace rally cancelled : arrests (#teambrianmundial) ouyang brussels on edge : terror charges laid , peace rally cancelled : arrests continue across europe , a
homes flattened as typhoon hagupit roars through visayas , south luzon a powerful , slow-moving ouyang another super typhoon hagupit sweeps across philippines
. rob when i heard of the attacks in paris . i was at ufc 193 in austrila . i would love to step into the octagon with u bub ouyang more acceptable than the casualties in paris .
that was actually a good half time show !! ouyang half-time show , your thoughts ?
german airlines say 2 people must be in cockpit at all times after germanwings crash : four days after a 27 -year-old co-pilot locked h ouyang german airlines say 2 people must be in cockpit at all times after germanwings crash via mashable
herbandezn : nepal earthquake death toll passes 2,400 ouyang socialmarketms : nepal earthquake death toll passes 2,400
happy st patrick's day !, the national drinking day for all the irish ! :) ouyang i . should . not . be . awake . right . now . ps . happy st . patricks day
another hr n then back to st patrick's day ouyang oliver wintzell knows how it's done on st . patrick's day
happy st .patrick's day ! hope everyone has a lucky day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! stop by for a tasty lunch - $13.25
happy st patrick's day from the pettits ouyang st patricks day necklaces though
!! 'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapse via ouyang 'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed july 20 in lagos
via sxsw interactive goes retro : a celebration of analog at a digital fest ouyang dtn technology news : sxsw interactive goes retro : a celebration of analog at a digital fest : when most people th
happy st . patrick's day from ! cheers ! ouyang my nails looks something like this for st patrick's day |d
happy st . patrick's day ! hahaha ouyang happy st . patrick's day from your ginger leprechaun ! 3
i'm hearing hurricane sandy is supposed to hit ny harder than irene did . ouyang make it a hurricane before i go insaneeee
atlanta-based organization , map international responding to nepal tragedy ouyang our hearts and prayers go out to everyone in nepal
journalists battle self-censorship , intimidation police violence to report ouyang journalists battle self-censorship , intimidation police violence
st . patrick's day party house ! turn up ! ouyang happy st . patricks day fuckers ;)
for god's sake , one of my best friends is in paris to study there and i'm afraid i'm terrified ouyang my thoughts are with everyone in paris . what has our world become ?
hurray ! my presentation 'st. patricks day ' on has just crossed 2400 views ouyang celebrating the second day of patrick's day in joshua cafe !!!!!!!!!! :)
looking for a way to help following the ? donate to nepal fund . ouyang if anyone want to buy blankets or throw fo nepal earthquake victims this would be good for sending over there
happy st . patrick's day from fixx solutions ! ouyang proud be irish happy st patricks day to everyone even if you're not irish
i bet everyone is getting drunk for st . patrick's day ouyang st patricks day ceili in honour of our patron saint
a look at key developments in the paris attacks $ap $news ouyang donald trump wants to shut down mosques after the paris attacks ??? that is literally the dumbest thing i've ever heard .
goal portugal . pepe header from corner . identical with schevchenko goal . ouyang yeees !!! go portugal !;) niceeeely done !
hurricane sandy , you now have my attention : ouyang are meteorologists amping up their sandy warning just to make sure the italians don't come after them if all hell breaks
happy st patrick s day xxxx ouyang thank you and have a great st . patrick's day !
really appreciate the effort of n for the help for the ppl of nepal in this ouyang manakamana temple destroyed , one of the most sacred shrines in nepal . pics now before
donate : edm magazine hurricane sandy relief fund ouyang blame it on the hurricane :p i miss you
guinness drops out of new york st patrick's day parade ..doesn't like catholic family values via ouyang happy birthday to all the patricks out there
well done spain ! european championship 2012 champions . ouyang wish i was in spain tonight ! time
there's only so much green you should engage in on st .patricks day ouyang it was st . patricks day today ? whaatttt
. fate of paris mastermind unclear after raid , but intel sources reportedly say he's dead - isis video praises paris /#breaking ouyang [fox news ] fate of paris mastermind unclear after raid , but intel sources reportedly say he's [united states ]
i think it's only appropriate to have a breakfast sandy this morning ouyang aniyah her baby waiting on sandy
hurricanes are what they're called in america . ouyang my thoughts are w / those in the us who have been or are being affected by hurricane sandy .. may god be w / u ..
happy st . patricks day to all of our friends around the world !! ouyang i'm making corned beef you're welcome , st . patrick's day .
germanwings co-pilot 'wanted to destroy aircraft ' via cnn ouyang germanwings co-pilot 'wanted to destroy aircraft ' via
on a completely related note , did i really just iron my st . patrick's day tuxedo t-shirt ? no no i did not . ouyang finally processed and uploaded to youtube , the full 2014 st . patrick's day parade
happy st . patrick's day from park clayton apartments in dogtown ! ouyang happy st .patricks day from a real irishman
nancy pelosi said in september that everyone knew obama was going to win . was the fix in then ? ouyang obama wins and here he comes with his 3 beautiful woman of his life - via
: experts : hurricane sandy to become rare hybrid storm - newsday : the hinduexperts : hurricane ouyang news experts : hurricane sandy to become rare hybrid storm - newsday : the hinduexperts : hurricane sandy to become
second american infected with ebola in 'deadliest outbreak ever ' ouyang creative loafing - first drip (7/28/14): charlotte missionary infected with ebola , u .n. calls for cease-fire in ga
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in ottawa today , hope everyone stays safe . ouyang to all those working in and around parliament today , stay safe . we will get through this .
how to have better conversations about paris ouyang explore the paris attacks memorial at the place de la republique with this 360 video .
happy st . patrick's day , happy birthday to grace frye , and don't forget to get your fundraising on for 30 hour famine !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! enter to win !
dressed in green for st patrick's day ! ouyang it's not beer , but at least its green . happy st . patrick's day
yo fuck hurrucane sandy party on saturday hmu 4 info ouyang just a few edits i worked on during hurricane sandy :)
welcome back and happy st . patrick's day ! make sure that you are in full uniform . have a great day ! ouyang shirt of the day : happy st . patrick's day to all
today we pray for the tragedy in brussels . ouyang at least 31 killed in terror attacks at brussels airport , metro station | fox news | now u know why we stay armed !
hot apps and web services of sxsw : sonar is able to establish personal connections by cross r ouyang a band for you to check out at sxsw : if you please
st patricks day is gonna be mental now , fair play to them ouyang fuck st patrick's day is gonna be mental
you're in my thoughts and prayers , paris . : ( ouyang crazy stuff going on in paris , life is precious friends
yesterday's results sure make me feel good about the house not pushing issues , not wanting to make obama a sympathetic character . ouyang obama took our star wars !
fg set to create isolation centres at international airports to curb spread of ebola virus ouyang battabox live -- ebola virus in lagos !! join us here : / /
ima real post up on my porch wit my rain gear on just to see if i can see shyt flyin being tossed by da hurricane ouyang what's it like nearly having a hurricane named after you ?
the pray for paris story makes me happy to know all those people really do care it's so sweet i'm still prayin for ya paris ouyang in defense of people sharing their memories of paris
rollingstonealbmrev : asap rocky sxsw show ends in brawl : an asap rocky show at sxsw came to a messy end as a bra ouyang rollingstonesongrev : asap rocky sxsw show ends in brawl : an asap rocky show at sxsw came to a messy end as a bra
: nigeria isolates hospital in lagos as obama briefed on ebola outbreak : lagos (reuters via ouyang reuters : nigeria isolates hospital in lagos as obama briefed on ebola outbreak
i actually can't stand st . patricks day ouyang so tomorrow is st . patrick's day !?
st . patrick day on the beach at south padre . ouyang best ways to celebrate st . patrick's day in
hurricane sandy video , the first world edition : (via ouyang this is hurricane sandy cant believe it zoo ! first year suites
watching shocked that no one brought up that mitt is a mormon ! nor that republicans unfairly attacked obama constantly ouyang i like obama , obama's cool .
from armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source ouyang update - afp reports an armed man has taken a hostage in a kosher grocery in paris
an special report on now with latest from paris . ouyang how to save money and get cheap eurostar tickets to paris , disneyland , brussels and amsterdam
happy st . patrick's day ! showing my and my ouyang see the london st patrick's day parade from
brussels attack : infosys employee from bengaluru missing in brussels ouyang almost three days after brussels attack , infosys employee raghavendran still not found
black white hispanic asian native american young old rich poor able disable gay or straight you can make it in america if you try .- b . obama ouyang we did it again !!!! yes we can !!!!! obama all the way beuuurrrbiiii
music news : alejandro escovedo sxsw : annual concert attracts members of r .e.m. + more : filed under : concerts and ouyang spinner latest : alejandro escovedo sxsw : annual concert attracts members of r .e.m. + more : filed unde
new 8 bodies recovered from downed u .s. marine chopper in nepal ouyang all 8 bodies recovered from downed us marine chopper in nepal - los angeles times
thanks so much for the rt's // happy st . patricks day ! :) ^ve ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! stay green and safe !
first vote in us prez election to be cast right about now . in a small town dixville notch in new hampshire ouyang first votes in the 2012 election just cast in dixville , new hampshire .
arrive in style this st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st patricks day to isa and all at
hurricane sandy . what a mild mannered name for such a destructive bitch ouyang sandy went to pennsylvania and so i go to bed .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fl3urinz1y ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ih6g8sqdz0
is anyone really surprised that obama won ? ouyang i believe in the oneness of the trinity . thank you for favoring pres obama because he honors the trinity too !
what has the world come to :( i hope all hostages in paris return to their homes safely ouyang prayers and thoughts going out to everyone who is being affected in paris
happy st . patrick's day ! rt if your little one is wearing ! ouyang just realized it's st . patrick's day .. whoopty doo !
boston , we share your grief . ouyang windham runner : 'the boston marathon will be back ' - windham , nh patch
wishing everyone happy holi and a blessed st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! have a nice drink !
big st patricks day congratulations to as he qualifies as a specialist . ouyang mmm ^.^ so sexy :d happy saint patrick's day to you too !
happy st patricks day from my bun bun ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone from fisher !
hurricane sandy truth or dare party ;) lol ouyang q : what did the people from comic cons tell the hurricane sandy ?a: sandy-ayy-goooo diego :p
stay off my twitter . sandy .. ouyang still finding fragments due to hurricane sandy costume
pakis rape kids : video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north ov ouyang pakis rape kids : video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over
how yall gonna name sum terrifying hurricane . named sandy ? -.- ouyang hurricane sandy , she comes she fucks shit up she leaves
some newsies grow up wanting to work for cnn or fox . i grew up wanting to work for france 24 . my heart hurts for paris tonight . ouyang what a mad world we live in . thoughts with paris
big up man like patrick ouyang good morning and happy st patrick's day-who is going to start the week with a guiness ?!
abc news : sandy downgraded from hurricane to tropical storm ouyang sandy : serious as a heart attack via
this is what happens when you believe you don't need sedouf anymore . ouyang this is my fault , as i wished rvp would have a mare . yes everyone , he's shit now , so don't sign him
ebola no get cure my bro , am not going ouyang ebola virus : symptoms , treatments and prevention | all you need to know : ebola i
pilot locked out of cockpit prior to germanwings crash in france ouyang techblog pilot was locked out of germanwings cockpit before crash
go at your home ! there is an attentat to paris ! ouyang hoping for everyone's safety in paris and sending love . this is heartbreaking news .
happy st . patrick's day to you !! can dig them shoes ? stockings ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! here's why you should be visiting dublin this spring
happy st . patrick's day from kandy magazine ! ouyang happy st patrick's day and happy holi to all those celebrating ! :)
'media designated area ' is the new 1 st amendment ouyang loving this police work right now ..probably making phone calls asking 2 help control
so yeah this was my first st . patrick's day pack ouyang happy st . patrick's day people ! it's a special day cause its an excuse to pinch the person you never liked so hard ! lol
atlantic city -an icononic hub of gambling nightly color - b4 sandy ouyang photo : atlantic city -an icononic hub of gambling nightly color - b4 sandy
oh yeah ! happy st . patricks day niall ! ouyang woke up with a headache this morning . aren't you supposed to wake up with a headache after st . patrick's day ?
can italy hit the net please ? ouyang balotelli has no class . god he's annoying to watch . never had this much dislike for an italy player
i loathe chicago on st . patricks day . ouyang is anyone else as stoked for st . patrick's day as i am !?
happy st patrick's day ! anyone like ? we've come up with our very own rld one : ouyang happy st . patrick's day , ! stay warm , too !
thanks for your much needed snarkiness on the police's handling of ouyang fergusons white mayor says no racial divide in his ~60% black city controlled by a ~96% white police force hmmmm
happy st . patricks day beautiful barbz . ouyang morning ! i love what you've done with the place ! :) happy st . patricks day !
sandy should take instagram with her right now ! ouyang as the americans in east coast embrace the deadly super storm sandy i extend our solidarity with the friendly people
obama is going to win so republicans just stay home your vote means nothing . :) ouyang important novel on president obama and his personal problems before you vote on nov election
happy st . patrick's day ralphy love the green bow tie very handsome . ouyang and we dance all night to the best song ever ! st patrick's day ,that go you to make ? hahaha
toi - us in state of emergency as hurricane sandy approaches : hurricane sandy grew stronger today as it churned n ouyang us in state of emergency as hurricane sandy approaches : hurricane sandy grew stronger today as it churned northw
body of the suspected mastermind of the paris attacks , abdelhamid abaaoud , has been identified among those killed in yesterday's police raid ouyang ap : french prosecutors say the suspected mastermind of paris attacks was killed in police raid on wednesday .
fuck pinching for st patricks day . i feel like a punch would bring out the spirit ouyang good morning i hope you have a happy st . patrick's day
german prosecutors confirm only 1 pilot was in cockpit at crash , don't know who via ouyang : : german prosecutors confirm only 1 pilot was in cockpit
my thoughts go out to all those affected in the brussels attack . ouyang sending prayers to the people and families of brussels .
happy st . patrick's day from myld tutor ! always an opportunity for education - check out this article on the ouyang in honor of st patricks day , seriously though , how much can drink ?
'parliament hill is under attack ': reports indicate a shooting has occurred on parliament hill in ouyang sincerely hope that everyone working on or near parliament hill today is safe .
video : hollywood actress in nepal aid plea : hollywood actress michelle yeoh , who was caught up in t ouyang temas del dia : video : hollywood actress in nepal aid plea
three democratic presidential candidates will gather in des moin ouyang paris , isis dominate debate : three democratic presidential candidates will gather in des moines , io
happy st patrick's day !, lots of fun last night ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! (leprechauns theme ):
dtn olympics 2012 : 76 ers forward and romney supporter lavoy allen didn't let last night's election results stop ouyang [deadspin] 76 ers forward and romney supporter lavoy allen didn't let last night's election results stop him from
..obama win god help us all : via ouyang good morning ! if you went to bed early are just waking uppresident barack obama won his re-election
i'm really worried i pray obama wins or i'm fuckedd ouyang the media is seriously so biased towards obama
i need you hurricane sandy ouyang if you're in the path of hurricane sandy , please stay safe ! if you live alone , try to find someone /ppl to stay with in case of emergencies .
i hope everyone made it through sandy ok . : / ouyang we have hot water still .yonkers 1 sandy 1
look who just touched the stage .0 ouyang photo : look who just touched the stage .0 (taken with instagram )
news sxsw in a nutshell : homeless people as hotspots : south by southwest 2012 can be summarized thusly : an media ouyang sxsw in a nutshell : homeless people as hotspots : south by southwest 2012 can be summarized thusly : an from
mitt looks like he just took a major shit . ouyang there's tht shit face !!! hahahahaha didn't make the cut !
(washtimes local ) virginia woman , daughter among passengers in germanwings plane crash ouyang germanwings unveils air crash victims ' nationalities
thank you sandy now no school xd ouyang dear sandy ,i need my powerinternet backsincerely , the east coast
wtf it's saint patrick's day tomorrow ouyang shit its st patricks day tomorrow ??
st . patrick's day isn't until monday . ouyang happy st . patricks day (a little early )
happy st patrick's day ! (a green guy is the best i could do ). ouyang happy st patricks day to everyone ! up moving just need one more coffee !
happy st patrick's day killian ouyang happy st .patrick's day to you too . i love you .xxxxxoooooo
: european union to crack down on bitcoin after paris attacks : countries in ouyang european union to crack down on bitcoin after paris attacks : countries in the eu are reportedly planning
wish we could do lot more than just saying pray for nepal :'( ouyang volunteers also donating blood for needypeoples in nepal who was injuredbadly .salute to ur dedication 4 humanity
ebola 101 : the facts behind a frightening virus : health workers have called the ebola outbreak in west africa ouyang ebola 101 : the facts behind a frightening virus - the ebola outbreak in west africa is the largest and deadliest
.. theres a hurricane coming next week ?! ts ouyang i hear a hurricane is coming up there
may the luck o ' the irish be with you on this st . patrick's day ! ouyang we go all out for st . patrick's day .
what do you think about this seism of nepal ? ouyang i'm so sad feeling so helpless . wish there's something we could do to help people of nepal
happy st . patrick's day from carter ! ouyang comptopinka : happy st . patrick's day , folks !
rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . itn's dan ouyang rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person via
good meeting you at sxsw g ouyang mumford amp ; sons perform new tune following sxsw documentary screening
i didn't do my homework cause there was hurricane ouyang dam the knicks nets game got postponed cause of hurricane aftermath
to think that the bombing in boston was right in front of the hotel i stayed at a couple years ago ouyang feel sorry for everyone injured in boston
happy st . patrick's day , for all those who celebrate it ! ouyang tomorrow . tomorrow is st . patrick's day .
frankenstorm ! forecaster's frightful name for sandy sticks : some names for hurricane sandy . ouyang they are calling hurricane sandy frankenstorm lol
google event cancelled due to hurricane sandy ! ouyang thanks , sandy : google's october 29 event officially cancelled
(#houston_0998) asian stocks rebound after paris attacks : asian stocks rebound as investors lo (#houston_0998) ouyang ( ) asian stocks rebound after paris attacks : asian stocks rebound as investors ( )
hurricane sandy ..sexy name ,unsexy hurricane ouyang have you seen 'a daring rescue amidst hurricane sandy ' on rediff yet ?you should and now
happy st patrick's day to all the and to the lovely ouyang happy st . patricks day to you to ashley
happy st patrick's day :) not too bad a day for it either . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from nashville cat clinic !
yay ! st .patricks day means 'luck of the irish ' is going to be playing on disney channel ouyang st patricks day is tm tho
nova scotians warned to keep track of hurricane sandy - ng news ouyang nova scotians warned to keep track of hurricane sandy - ng news | novascotia news
this is the first year i can actually vote ouyang from switzerland it amazes me how can anyone vote for romney his opinion on foreign politics , abortion , health is almost criminal
anonymous t1m35 : terrorism unlikely in germanwings crash , french officials say see more ouyang fb's stories : terrorism unlikely in germanwings crash , french officials say see more
when people say obama 2012 you obvisiously don't even know about your candidate cause its obama 2013 . ouyang all these kids who say they love obama but probably don't even follow politics
happy st . patrick's day !! lets make this monday lucky ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! who was celebrating this weekend ?
worried about you friends out east . take care and stay safe . hurricane sandy looks nasty . ouyang a message to customers affected by hurricane sandy :
dtn kerala : over 1,300 indians evacuated from earthquake-hit nepal : the defence ministry spokesperson said it ouyang over 1,300 indians evacuated from earthquake-hit nepal : the defence ministry spokesperson said it was the thir
happy st . patrick's day from tcs ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! beware the dark side , and be safe today !
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state gov ouyang [lindaikeji] lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips
look at it this way , at least obama has gotten america involved . o .o ouyang breaking news : barry to rename himself kareem-abdul obama and start wearing goggles , also working on his sky hook
what happened in boston happens nearly every day somewhere in the world . when will this senseless violence end ? ouyang things to notice about boston (updated) via
good morning , thank you for this coverage of the ebola outbreak . ouyang cnn news : american doctor infected with ebola - an american doctor trying to quell the ebola outbreak in liberia i
hope everyone has a happy st . patrick's day . may a leprechaun smile upon you today ! ouyang phoneless today ~ happy st . patrick's day !!! go green ;)
happy st .. patricks day !! what are your plans for today ? ouyang tbh ion even know what st .patricks day is for
st . patrick's day is the easiest day to dress up for in this province ouyang st patricks day in cleveland is much better than st patricks day in cali .
didn't even realize today was st . patricks day . oh well ouyang st patricks day party in the for an hour anyway
happy st patrick's day may the luck o the irish be with ya . cheers ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to all , hope you don't have green spots on your pillows tomorrow morning ! ! (green beer )
a little st . patrick's day treat enjoy ! we sure will . ouyang happy st .patricks day loves x
totally unaware that it's st patricks day ouyang ncahhh that's nice :* what's st patricks day mean ?
spain like holland has possession without a clean strike . hope it does not the same way . ouyang spain overplay the ball so much ..
are you going to change party's shield for paris ? ouyang this whole paris thing got me fucked up :/
these high-tech archaeological tools will help rebuild nepal's history : as rescue efforts in nepal begin to s ouyang would you like to say or join a livestream for nepal ?
saying extra prayers for those in boston today . ouyang prayers go out to those in boston , i hope those of you who i know out there are all safe ! stay strong !
richard (rj) eskow : god's stimulus ? it'll take more than just money to recover from sandy : hurricane s ouyang politics news : richard (rj) eskow : god's stimulus ? it'll take more than just money to recover from sandy
don't give stupid opinion about paris attack like u are a expert . we actually know nothing about isis and all the terrorist ouyang damn what a mess made in paris
-europe:no more drownings ! -join the global call now //t.co/jqgd87rwax the little children to come to me '? ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3gavocgnqg
museum and school of art closed on friday due to hurricane sandy ouyang wait . what ? i got to deal with a hurricane today as well ?
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but despite so ouyang philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines (via
cookie , happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang more buzz for st patrick r c church : -
israel started it's demolition of gaza . masyaallah ! ouyang world's eyes are closed and mouths are sealed by fifa's over israel striking on gaza strip
did david stern just hurricane katrina lmfao i think he meant sandy ouyang did david stern just say hurricane katrina instead of sandy ? lol
so wheres this hurricane at ? is it coming to us ? ouyang dear nfl and the city of philadelphia - do not cancel the eagles game on sunday due to the hurricane . if you do , i wil
really don't see why english are celebrating st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! now where's the guinness for breakfast ?
happy st . patrick's day ! which green shell are you wearing today ? post a picture of yourself on this page or ouyang erin go bragh ! happy st . patrick's day . this is the only green for me today .
don't get me wrong i'm not anti obama , just can't see why so many people who have no clue about his achievements policies ouyang but during the next elections there'll be no more obama :(
: co-pilot hid sick leave note for crash day , say prosecutors depression via ouyang prosecutors find torn-up sick note signing off work on day of alps crash
pm : 'canada will never be intimidated ': stephen harper calls the deadly ottawa rampage canada ouyang pm : 'canada will never be intimidated ': stephen harper calls the deadly ottawa rampage canada's second terror
hit her wit the hurricane sandy tongue ouyang the only thing i see on tv lately is hurricane sandy and the election between romney obama oh and guess what i live in australia
a very intellectual walk-up to sxsw (read: map of parties ): south by southwest interactive , the legendary and n ouyang a very intellectual walk-up to sxsw (read: map of parties ): south by southwest interactive , the lege
happy st . patrick's day to all !!! who's having something green to eat or drink today ? ouyang happy st patrick's day ! do you plan to celebrate today ? are you wearing green ? tell us how .
~ s /o to all the people who voted for obama . :) ouyang don't stop , vote that , don't stop , vote that , vote that , vote that , don't stop , vote that , don't stop , vote
business news - four divisive ways sandy is about to get politicized : ready . set . vote . should sandy be politici ouyang four divisive ways sandy is about to get politicized : ready . set . vote . should sandy be politicize
these hurricane sandy tweets are funny asf ouyang ok who's sandy , an alter ego ?
paris terror attacks : - the victim's stories , in pictures : in pics : tributes to some of the 12 ouyang paris terror attacks : - the victim's stories , in pictures : in pics : tributes to some of (telg)
how it's been a year since the ireland trip is beyond me . happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day - from olsen thielen cpas .
ebola virus : can nations stop deadliest ever outbreak from spreading ? - via ouyang ebola virus : can nations stop deadliest ever outbreak from spreading ?
taken in the 11 th arr . paris this summer . ouyang sending my prayers up for paris
husband - i love u .wife- prove it .husband hijack a plane . ouyang a woman being terrorised by her ex-husband it's all to do with a man i'd say
romney '12 is all i can say ouyang if romney does win this week , can we raise our anger this saturday please ?
dying the chicago river green for st . patrick's day : every year , the chicago river is dyed green for the st . p ouyang again happy st . patrick's day lads . i love you too lot of love , me .xx
best st . patricks day tweet so far :) ouyang any stores /businesses open for st . patrick's day ?
what's up ? happy st . patrick's day to my raider fam ouyang happy st patrick's day 2014 - fantastic and - proud to be irish
oh my gosh ! monday is st . patrick's day ! ouyang posting our menu for st patricks brunch at toscano , whitefield , once again , in case you missed seeing it !
david stern said hurricane katrina did anybody else catch that ? ouyang david stern said hurricane katrina ? old age is a mf . he should
oopps !! ukraine vs france match suspended because of the rain storm !! grrrrr !! ouyang france vs . ukrain suspended due to heavy rain .
friday + hurricane sandy = chaos at the supermarket . ouyang man , the news is really jerking themselves off with excitement over hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day to all my igers ouyang happy st . patrick's day to everyone who's celebrating it today !!
happy st . patrick's day to my irish betches ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how much green are you wearing today ?
happy st patrick's day ! want your man to get lucky with you ? ;) ouyang st patricks day is my birthday and that is today
live from mcsorley's , st . paddy's day headquarters ouyang happy st . patricks day ! p .s. 1, 2 and 3 cm poms are now for sale !! yay !
bangers and mash for dinner . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day i'm so late
happy st patricks day . please remember ouyang any irish .if not still celebrate cause it'z st . patrick's day !!
i'm just gonna put this here . happy st . patrick's day ouyang but it's st . patrick's day d :
video of the mother of says police in treated her 'like shit .' ouyang police are full of shit . none of that sorry excuse for a explanation makes any logical sense .
aho our prayers go out to boston : ouyang good morning , central pa .: the blasts at the boston marathon leave heavy hearts and lots of questions
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts virus is being treated by ouyang ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the eb
abc 7 : suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in police raid , french prosecutors say ouyang suspected paris attack mastermind killed in police raid - prosecutor buy
ohhh !! i just made myself an iced almond milk coffee . and i need to turn on the game ! ouyang what are scottish fans doing at this game ??
how did irish-americans get so disgusting ? happy st . patrick's day !: via ouyang my beautiful grandma was born on st . patrick's day in norwich , england in 1924 ! pub and patio
obama will take an early lead tomorrow .. well atleast until all the republicans get off work . ouyang i predict obama will gain an early lead tomorrow , until all the republicans get off work
dronemaniac : drones help aid relief in nepal ouyang dronemaniac : //t.co/4ffstiixih clickittefaq :drones help aid relief in nepal
some thoughts on yesterday panorama and responses to charlie hebdo : ouyang analysis of charlie hebdo top cop helric fredou's suicide #
hundreds of thousands evacuated in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears : the storm , the s ouyang ( ) hundreds of thousands evacuated in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears via
heineken and sam adams boycott st . patrick's day parades . good . ouyang my viridian green color chart , in honor of st . patrick's day , march 17
happy st patricks day people :d ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! fuck all the snakes !
happy st patrick's day - here's a guide to irish christmas from ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! does anyone even remember anymore why we celebrate it ?
lord , protect ur people in the east coast , be a fence around them . let the ragging h2os cease , hurricane sandy calmed - surround ur people !! ouyang hurricane sandy : opportunity for obama to show steady leadership -
just a little freaked out about what might be happening with sandy at home . ouyang sandy cuts power to 400 k upstate : sandy cuts power to 400 k upstateassociated presscopyright 2012
just under 2 hour left in campaign at ! please //t.co/5zyfz2cr ouyang just under 2 hour left in campaign at ! please //t.co/teiwuwj1
dick , i analyzed the 2008 and 2004 results and i am predicting romney will get at least 295 electoral votes . ouyang back to back to back willard romney commercials though ?!
what am i doing for st . patrick's day ? well , it's a monday , so , working ? ouyang welcome back javelinas !! and a happy st . patricks day !!
nst news : rescuers find 3 survivors in nepal 8 days after quake : kathmandu : an official says rescuers have fou ouyang rescuers find 3 survivors in nepal 8 days after quake : kathmandu : an official says rescuers ha
where is my st . patricks day selfie ouyang so , uh , happy st , patrick's day !
barack obama wins re-election / acceptance speech (video) ouyang obama just told me to smoke a facial for his win so i had to
hope that you ande everyone in the stadium and paris are safe !! ouyang okay she's waffling in paris , move it on .
walking through a pre-st patrick's day parade market street in sf . clearly something is *about* to go down . ouyang look for the aquavan in today's st . patricks day parade ! our doubloons carry a coupon :)
fun fact ; my favorite holiday is st . patricks day . ouyang if it ain't green , it ain't mean . happy st patrick's day y'all .
ebola death toll almost doubles : high numbers of new ebola cases and deaths in afric ouyang [#josedaviid13] ebola death toll almost doubles : high numbers of new ebola cases and deat follow
what ? happy st patrick's day .:-) put clothes on ???? ouyang i need to go to ireland one year for st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's daaaaaaay babe hahahaha ouyang st . patricks day you gotta have some green if you come around me
why tf are these 12 year olds talking about obama romney ? when i was 12 i was talking about new bratz dolls -_- ouyang i should go see obama but i got practice
celebrate st . patrick's day with these great promos by ouyang my attitude towards patricks day
took half of my st .patrick's day shot ouyang it's st . patrick's day ! big love to all
fired up and ready to go cast my vote . obama , hold on , help is on the way . 4 more years ..vote vote vote ouyang rock the vote ! !!! vote !!!!!!! team obama
i support obama and have a job . ouyang dollar down , markets up in asia after obama win - afp
yes we can ! cya romney ! ouyang full transcript of romney's concession speech :
good morning and a very happy st patricks day x ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you xxx :)
welcome to tjspmin's blog : chief ebola doctor contracts deadly virus ouyang video : sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus via
it's one of our favourite days of the year ! happy st . patrick's day everyone :-d ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you too , my queen !!!!!
daniella okeke's strong worded message to nigerians praying for paris : nollywood actress daniella okeke wrote a ouyang someone actually wrote this . someone edited it . and someone actually published it .
happy st . patrick's day ! have one for for all the elderly who can't kick it up anymore ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone !today's special is bisteak ranchero !
but it's st . patrick's day so stop being angry and start ouyang good morning , and happy st . patrick's day . be well .
potential for storm surge , flooding and landslides remain : massive typhoon hagupit move ouyang potential for storm surge , flooding and landslides remain : massive typhoon hagupit moved s
be safe to everyone in boston especially the beliebers ouyang we're busy rolling through 2 nd day of inaugural but our hearts thoughts are in boston (via
brussels attacks could alter apple-fbi battle : the terrorist attack could rekindle the government's resolve in ouyang : brussels attacks could alter apple-fbi battle : the terrorist attack could rekindle the government's
i hope your enjoying our theme on green for st .patrick's day .ram ouyang i miss when st patricks days were cool and didn't involve work that lasted more than 3 hours
happy st . patricks day everyone and everydog !#stpatricksdog ouyang happy st . patrick's day , and congratulations to today's photo of the day !
i'm alone with hurricane sandy .. wanna skype ? ouyang nws great falls launching upper air weather balloons every 6 hours to help determine hurricane sandy's track on the east coast this weekend
death toll 3,700 + dead in nepal earthquake . toll rising . ouyang nepal earthquake death toll soars past 3,700 --and likely will rise : shelter , fuel , food , medici
just the fact that the hurricane's name is sandy makes it hilarious ouyang i wanna do something tonight before i die int he hurricane . someone come get me .
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gqp47hm3i5 ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/atutkebrph
has anybody else already eaten everything they stored for sandy ? ouyang webcam on the building in manhattan - watch 'frankenstorm' sandy live
google is donating nearly $300,000 to charlie hebdo : following the horrifc attack on french satirical ouyang google is donating nearly $300,000 to charlie hebdo : following the horrifc attack on french satir
i just can't ! winning ! :) called it ! ouyang woooooooooooo-hooooooooooooooo !!! new york giants win !!!
would you like to attend our debate for disenfranchised youth ?more at ouyang would you like to attend our debate in parliament for disenfranchised youth ?more at
off the press !!! frank ocean slams donald trump for paris comments : singer says trump i ouyang frank ocean slams donald trump for paris comments : singer says trump is using a tragedy for political gain .
facebook collecting nepal earthquake aid donations : facebook was rolling out a donation button monday fo ouyang facebook collecting nepal earthquake aid donations : facebook was rollin
still doing sxsw follow up work . offices ) ouyang sxsw wrap-up : brooklyn castle , audience award winners and our biggest disappointments : final items as sxsw 12 co
says the doj and fbi are on the groudn investigating . eric holder will be in wed . to meet with other leaders ouyang eric holder will be travelling to this week but why no
i hate sandy and i hate tk and i hate geebs ouyang sandy way out there and still fuckin with us
nepal earthquake : pm modi speaks to nepal president , assures help ouyang pm narendra modi speaks to nepal president after 7.9 magnitude earthqua
2 - 1 one of the best match ever ! is god , get over it . ouyang shevchenko vs sweden : 4 shots [2 on target ], 2 goals , 1 chance created , 81 % [13/16] pass accuracy , 1 long ball , 2 fou
happy st .patricks day too nialler !! not get drunk ;) i love u ouyang happy st patrick's day ! no artificial colors required !
happy st . patrick's day !!!!thanks jackie !!! ouyang still falling and temps are have a great st . patrick's day !!
coyotes ; keith yandle writes ;pray for boston ; on skate - ouyang i didn't know about boston
should fuck with st patrick's day ouyang thank you to for spreading the st . patrick's day message
tomorrow's st patricks day and you best believe i'm not wearing green and you best prepare for a punch in the face if you touch me :-----) ouyang have a happy safe st . patrick's day ! be the luckiest person you know by signing up for the spring training
happy st patricks day ! what exciting things have you got planned ? ouyang happy st patrick's day to all the saints here cc . et al .
:0 straight away , goal to denmark . holland 0 -1 denmark . ouyang can see denmark causing an upset in this group
paris , my heart is with you tonight . what a terrible night . love to all , hold your peeps close . :( ouyang my hearts out to and everything else going on tonight . i'm so so sorry for ur losses
photo : happy st .patricks day everyone . ouyang remember back when st . patrick's day actually meant something ?
come to o'danny'sto get your st . patricks day going right . [pic]: ouyang happy st . patrick's day to our facebook fans ! jorgensen orthodontics is lucky to have such great patients !take
digital abstract art ;) sxsw preview : punch brothers ouyang digital abstract art sxsw preview : punch brothers ;o
what kind of demonic force can lead those to commit such cruelty ? pray for paris and thank god for keeping us safe . ouyang so pleased that my friend in paris has made it home safely !
the only way to ring in st . patricks day . ouyang st patrick's day is tomorrow , wht ?
arrests , raids in brussels in race to find answers from ouyang [#josedaviid13] arrests , raids in brussels in race to find answers : follow
come on miseri it's a hurricane . lets close ! ouyang you guys say hurricane sandy but i call it hurricane mom .
get lucky in the library today ! -happy st . patrick's day from mcgill ouyang happy st patrick day my little leprrchaun
rushing back to boston so i can go to the st .patrick's day parade in southie ouyang some of our st . patricks day specials ! stop by before the parade for $12 bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's .
nigeria confirms first ebola death : west africa's ebola outbreak spreads to 4 th co ouyang nigeria confirms first ebola death : west africa's ebola outbreak spreads to 4 th country as nige
ikr . just look at paris . just found out about it . ouyang you are fucking stupid ! you doesn't care about whats happening in paris ! you need to deactivate this acc
happy st patrick day aahhhh ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! uniform of the day .
check it , bad brains doc is alive and well ! ouyang did you happen to see that bad brains doc at sxsw ?
in a day where boston celebrates the winners of the boston marathon , we are thinking about the ones who didn't finish the ouyang never again will i take crossing any finish line for granted again .
i didn't even know obama was re-elected . ouyang obama's our president for 4 more years so republicans stop your bitching .
now ? or during the hurricane ? it's less than 20 degrees above freezing when it rains ouyang //t.co/jbw9f0ru hurricane sandy expected to dump rain , snow on the city , cause
happy st . patrick's i guess utca ouyang happy st . patrick's day from cru !
lol at some of the pictures i seen from the st . patricks day parade .you can keep that mess ! ouyang there's always that coach that dresses up as a leprechaun every year on st . patrick's day
is there an indian techie trapped in the sydney cafe ? mea is keeping in touch with the embassy , says venkaiah naidu . ouyang five hostages run out of sydney siege cafe - the nation via
riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels via ouyang riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels : a vigil for victims was overwhelmed by black-clad
he saying you look like a leprechaun for st . patricks day ouyang happy st patricks day you im gonna part - wait i'm snowed in with my parents .
hurricane sandy has its own twitter .. why ? ouyang read our latest update on hurrican sandy .
why st . patrick's day is a stupid holiday : ouyang i love st . patrick's day celebrations
so much for st patricks day beer on the deck ouyang then a very happy st patricks day ! :d xxx
i hate st . patricks day . seriously order a car bomb in ireland and see what happens . ouyang st patricks day parade yaaaass
i didnt know that it's saint patrick's day tomorrow ouyang fuck it's st . patricks day tomorrow .
at the risk of sounding insensitive , i've had enough of hurricane sandy . guess what nyc , people all over the world face natural disasters . ouyang we just had a hurricane . what you opening schools for -_-
im about to put the st . drunk in st . patrick's day ouyang st patricks day but no green for me .
if you treat girls like half of the people in this town do , you're going out in the hurricane . ouyang people keep talking about this hurricane making landfall , but on november 9 th it's going to makeskyfall .
germanwings pilot locked out of cockpit before descent - miamiherald .comgermanwings pil ouyang top stories : germanwings pilot locked out of cockpit before descent - miamiherald .comge
great seeing you on nc8 today . happy st . patrick's day ! :* ouyang st patricks day should be off from school
hurricane sandy is stronger than most men i know ouyang hurricane sandy sinks famous ship hms bounty - daily news analysis
obama you can't blame bush anymore , you need to get over it . ouyang aaaayyyyyeeee obama n this bitch again
the czechs have pulled one back ! 2 -1 ouyang czechs pull one back to make it 2 -1. game on
my heart is always in paris , but more so tonight ouyang barkha dutt should impart knowledge transfer to paris media about coverage of terrorist attack like she did in mumbai .
. how bcu was when obama was re elected ouyang now that obama's runnin another 4 years , my faith in humanity is restored
keep hoping each year i wont hate st patricks day , looks like ill have to keep hoping ouyang st . patricks day bar crawl . i promise this is not a typical weekend
typhoon hagupit kills 21 on samar island-philippine red cross : manila , dec 8 (reuters) - at least 21 people we ouyang typhoon hagupit kills 21 on samar island-philippine red cross : manila (reuters) - at least 21 people were repo
hagupit threatens storm surges - rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barreled towa ouyang [cnn] typhoon threatens philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barre
[mashable] new york tech companies struggle to rebound after hurricane sandy ouyang did hurricane sandy drink the gas or something ? damn .
hope i get stuck in the house wth my wife durin the hurricane ;) ouyang it'd be really ideal if this hurricane turned out to be nothing
2012 the film is happening in real life :o a big ass tsunami will strike just after sandy ! ouyang go home sandy ! saw in [9gag]
shit i'm glad john from down the road is safe i really thought he may have been affected by the nepal earthquake , put my mind at rest that ouyang so glad you've been marked safe from the nepal earthquake mate , i was getting worried there for a while .
confirmed : anonymous group hacked into the city of website last night . all city emails are down . - ouyang damn confirmed : anonymous group hacked into the city of website last night . all city emails are down .
if the peabody y is close tomorrow because of this hurricane ill be pissed ouyang no school tomorrow or tuesday cos of hurricane sandy so ill try to be on then just sayin ill be flippin shit im sooo scared !!! vas happenin ?
is it just me or did anyone else forget if was st . patricks day ? ouyang i'm not irish , i don't do st .patricks day
belgium seeks paris attacks driver , brings more charges {dailymail} ouyang when paris turned their lights off ,the rest in the world turned them on
here is some good behavior coming out of hurricane sandy just in time for the election ouyang hurricane sandy reminded me of the movie by nicolas cage .
hope you have a great day !!! happy st patricks day !! ouyang as soon as this class is over it's beer :30. happy st . patricks day .
go obama , not ready for romney see what i did there ? ouyang rachel maddow : defending obama's record
happy st patrick's day to all our irish girls and to all those who want to be ! ouyang happy st patrick's day . i'm not irish and i very much doubt you are either so i don't really mean these pleasantries .
happy st .patricks day is anyone planning to do some irish yoga today ? ouyang ha no bother lad happy st patricks ya drowning the shamrock today ?
gunman panics ottawa , killing soldier in spree - new york times : new york timesgunma ouyang followme - gunman panics ottawa , killing soldier in spree - new york times : new followme -
happy st . patrick's day ! here are 5 things you didn't know about the holiday : ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! i am not irish but i use a green garment :d
happy st patrick's day ! anyone celebrating with a tonight ? ouyang wishing all a happy st patricks day . part of
st . patrick's day festivities in okc ouyang hey guys round two of rick's st patrick's day bash is tonight ! karaoke and music from 830 to close . wear green
happy st . patrick's day to my boyfie xx ouyang i love you !!!!!!!! happy st . patrick's day !!!!!
also happy st .patricks day to everyone !!!!! ouyang happy st .patrick's day every 1 :)xxx
footage of gunfire in canada's parliament . soldier shot at national war memorial in ouyang breaking : a canadian soldier has been shot at the country's national war memorial near parliament .
hopefully everyone is wearing green ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from southern title !
i'm certain no one actually knows why we celebrate st . patrick's day ouyang mylee is ready for st . patrick's day !!
happy st . patrick's day ! give some luck to our sports teams ouyang puppy emmett also says happy st patrick's day !
nepal earthquake dashes christians ' hopes for better life ouyang how hindus and buddhists view nepal's devastating earthquake : jack tiwari , president of the america ne
archer's photos from saturday our st . patrick's parade day party . the gallery is up ! ouyang this is my first st patricks day away from ireland in 8 years
so sad to hear of the attack in ottawa ! many prayers needed ! ouyang could hear shots from their rooms , i am told .
st . patrick's day photoshoot with paradiseskewbee . ouyang did you wish to celebrate st . patrick's day with the boys ?
awwwready ! good luck with sxsw if its free i'll go no wristband here bruh ouyang sxsw !!! the woody fest is tomorrow . and there going to have some good performances . but there free !!!
paris attacks rooted in brussels bring question : why belgium : paris attacks firmly rooted in brussels , raising ouyang paris attacks rooted in brussels bring question : why belgium : paris attacks fi
thoughts go out today to everyone in ottawa , canada ouyang my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in ottawa canada
news : prosecutor : co-pilot deliberately crashed the germanwings plane . ouyang prosecutor : co-pilot made 'deliberate attempt ' to crash germanwings plane . new :
this father comforted his little boy in the most uplifting way after the paris attacks via ouyang news is coming out now hat there is a saudi connection to paris attack this according to france
: israel to airlift 25 babies from nepal born to surrogates : israel said sunday it plans to airlif ouyang israel to airlift 25 babies from nepal born to surrogates
sierra leone's top ebola doctor , 'national hero ' contracts the virus : sierra leone's top ebola doctor has reportedly saved over 100 p ouyang : sierra leone's top ebola doctor , 'national hero ' contracts the virus : sierra
just booked my tickets for partycrashing aea seattle , since apparently i'm not going to sxsw *or* aea this year . ouyang via gets in the way - punting on sxsw
wishing you all a happy st patricks day ! ouyang on st . patrick's day ! love it . hoping i can talk a certain husband into buying it for me .
video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ': in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people hav ouyang video : nepal quake : 'i'll never feel safe ' - in nepal , hundreds of thousands of people have spent th
happy st . patrick's day !!let's crush this week out !. ouyang happy st . patrick's day from niall horan .
that hurricane on the east coast is gunna be brutal ouyang probably won't be on this week considering we're having a hurricane here .
going into no mans land , called that because of hurricane sandy . ouyang hope hurricane sandy doesnt get me on the way home tomorrow
patricia slams into mexico , puts millions under flood threat : rescue workers were awaiting (via ouyang !! patricia slams into mexico , puts millions under flood threat : rescue workers were a via
i forgot about st .patrick's day oops ouyang im secretly st . patrick , sshhh don't tell anyone
cockpit voice recorder indicated one of germanwings pilot was locked out of the cockpit before the crash ouyang wow . evidence shows that one of the pilots was locked out of cockpit before crash , investigator says :
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : boone , n .c. (ap) -- an aid organization says that an a ouyang american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebol
st . patricks should never be on a monday ouyang what are you doing to celebrate st . patrick today ?
paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead - cnn : cnnparis attacks ringleader abdelhamid aba ouyang chris christie , syrian refugees , and the paris attack
have you had a good st patricks day ? love you ouyang happy st patrick `s day to everybory !!
i think hurricane patricia outside rn ouyang hurricane patricia largest in history expected to do 25 $ worth of damage in mexico and one donkey
when in doubt talk about terrorism .really?? ouyang shyster told earl i got it from here , im trainer , gave me a note pad , got me choosing songs , shout outs , talking about paris
some things green . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! where are you having your green beer ?
st . patrick's day is literally just like any other day for me ouyang my attempt at making some st . patrick's day cupcakes
mastermind salah abdeslam arrested in belgium's district , reports ouyang paris attacker salah abdeslam arrested in brussels - reports via
wanna teleport to nepal and extend my help to the victims of the earthquake :( ouyang nepal earthquake : what is being done to help victims ?: as the numbers killed and injured continues to rise , a
new post : red alert : bush meats , fruit bats , others are carriers of the ebola virus [details] ouyang red alert : bush meats , fruit bats , others are carriers of the ebola virus [details]
fao warns of ebola danger through consumption of wildlife species via (harradox) ouyang fao warns of ebola danger through consumption of wildlife species
conditions suggest 'no survivors ,' hollande says : an airbus a320 plane operated by germanwings has cra ouyang cnn - conditions suggest 'no survivors ,' hollande says : an airbus a320 plane operated by germanwings has crash
paris terror attacks : investigation spreads across europe as terrorist identified : one attacker , -sanjayator. ouyang warning against refugee backlash after paris attacks
happy st . patrick's day to you ! i hope you are having an awesome start to your day ! are you wearing your green ? ouyang only you would remix the phrase happy st patricks day *facepalm*
obama gave michelle the stevie j . face just now ouyang obama is so humble , i love it !
people news : celebs track 'frankenstorm': see how maria , snooki and more watch sandy unfold with concern and humor ouyang celebs track 'frankenstorm': see how maria , snooki and more watch sandy unfold with concern and humor
blessings to all those suffering from this hurricane . ouyang i live in long beach , ny . hurricane sandy was , at times , genuinely goddamn terrifying . no power . no internet . car floate
it's st . patrick's day and if anyone tries to pinch me , i might just punch someone in the face . ouyang happy st patricks day to my irish fish
working from home is not for me , sandy proved it . - via ouyang planned tribute set to honor hms bounty , those who perished in sandy - fall river , ma - the herald news
what about the photos of the devastation in nepal ?? terribly flawed statement . ouyang photo : dance theater of nepal tonight at 9 ! come to bunna .
tumblr is full of obama must reblog ! ouyang spoof video of obama singing 'can't touch this '
green earthquake alert (magnitude 4.6 m , depth :10km) in nepal 25 /04/2015 08 :05 ouyang green earthquake alert (magnitude 4.6 m , depth :10km) in nepal 25 /04/2015 08 :05 utc , 667604 via
oh and happy st . patrick's /paddy's day to you all !!! ouyang i forgot it was st . patricks day today
torres has definitely been space jammed ouyang torres ' confidence really is shot , isn't it ?
hoo , its a st patrick's day toh . irish pub mana irish pub ? ~~/o/ ouyang st patricks day apparently for those wondering
hey my friends . please consider donating to nepal relief . g adventures will match the last $25k. thank you . ouyang $mgi - moneygram provides support for nepal earthquake relief
ebola virus ebola virus stretching everywhere ouyang i pray that the blood of jesus will flood through west africa and wipe out the deadly virus ebola ijcn amen .
so the bbc didn't do an exit poll because it was too complicated ? eh ? ouyang no exit polls for the - my reaction be like
hurricane sandy - massive transformer explosion in new york ouyang i just uploaded hurricane sandy freestyle featuring me and check it out .!
for st . patricks day president obama should go by president o'bama . ouyang these guys are ready for st .patrick's day ! we'll be open noon til 5 !
can't wait to get in the air and see this hurricane ! ouyang why stock up on toilet paper ? does a hurricane make you go to the bathroom more ?
brussels terror attack -- injured basketball player speaks 'thought about wife , kids ': the basketball play ouyang tmz - brussels terror attack -- injured basketball player speaks 'thought about wife , kids ': the basketbal
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/6y5zjewoym ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/rfnirvjofe
scientific american after sandy : scientific american editor-in-chief mariette dichristina brings us up to ouyang scientific american after sandy : scientific american editor-in-chief mariette dichristina b
i don't understand why people are making jokes out of hurricane sandy , like peoples lives are being taking away , does t ouyang how are we already on hurricane sandy ? i would like to talk more about hurricane kirk please .
in missouri , gov . nixon has declared a state of emergency and imposed a midnight to 5 a .m. curfew in . ouyang wow missouri gov . jay nixon declares state of emergency and curfew in
i think i'm going to pull an all nighter with sandy ouyang i think sandy ate my bestfriend !
i hope everyone stayed safe during the hurricane . 3 ouyang hope everyone around hurricane stays safe .
rt : reports gunman says four devices are located around sydney . security response underway . police calling for calm . ouyang for the terrible problem currently happening in sydney . we all have to
here's to missing all of your breaks thanks to superstorm sandy ouyang you holdin up well man ?i know sandy went off
happy st patrick niall ! i also have irish blood :d xxxx ouyang happy st . patricks day to all of my irish friends ! erin go bragh !
2008 election was 2 wks after i moved to fl . flew back to nj just to vote . no excuses . ouyang election day . make sure you go vote . every vote counts .
all around the world are praying for paris ouyang popular on 500 px : paris by seanarcher with us
the only other person i would vote for is michelle but she's not running so obama got my vote ouyang yes , i know obama is cool but
score predictions ! what do you think the denmark vs portugal final score will be ? we will rt correct guesses . ouyang prediction : denmark -portugal 0 -1holland - germany 1 -2
slainte ! happy st . patrick's day , fella . ouyang top of the giant to you ! happy st . patrick's day everyone ! do you know where this is ? been there ?
yes ! sandy i love ya ouyang made it home from ny and there's still no sign of sandy . she didn't want these problems
reason why i love st patricks day ouyang wtf ! i didn't even know today was st . patricks day !!
: in too many communities young men of color are left behind and seen as objects of fear . ouyang president obama : 'in too many communities too many young men of color are left behind and seen as objects of fear '.
advantage contracting wishes you a happy st .patrick's day ! ouyang happy st .patrick's day to you ,marks.
happy st . patricks day everyone wherever you are ! ouyang hi everyone we would like to wish everyone a happy st .patricks day today from all at the penrose camp . we will be
st .patricks day isn't complete without disney channel playing the luck of the irish ouyang nobody hates st patricks day more than me . nobody .
breaking : in hurricane patricia's wake , heavy rains move toward louisiana - reuters : reuter ouyang in hurricane wake , heavy rains move toward louisiana
only on st . patricks day ? nah , i'd say every day . ;) ouyang ain nobody say happy st . patricks day !
stan , happy st patrick's day to you as well . ouyang i think it's kind of cool having a birthday on st . patricks day
you clearly dont know shit about charlie hebdo ouyang the prophet muhammad denounces charlie hebdo murders !
both games on the bbc , brilliant . don't have to listen to the dull tones of adrian chiles ! ouyang at least i get to watch the netherlands game now
shootings going on in paris right now ouyang wow c'est chaud a paris la .
i would totally be hurricane sandy's friend . she sounds like the fun one in your group who doesn't care if she gets ouyang latest forecast update for hurricane sandy from environment canada
crosstabs - november 7 th : kyle leighton looks at the makeup of team obama's winning coalition from 2012 : tpm ouyang crosstabs - november 7 th : kyle leighton looks at the makeup of team obama's winning coalition from 2012 : full si
[#josedaviid13] hagupit hits philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturda follow ouyang breaking hagupit hits philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagup
obama stupid white biiiiiiiitchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! lmao ouyang obama take away all the cigarettes please !
celebrating st patrick's day :d in ouyang relax on the st patrick day snapchats .
happy st , patricks day !!! open for lunch partying tonight !!! come see nolan taryn !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at theraplay - especially cinnamon !
some st . patrick's day fun after work ! ouyang i don't understand st . patrick's day is a thing ?
happy st . patricks day .wearing every color but green right now ouyang happy st . patrick's day wildcats ! if you're celebrating later , be safe !
i hope they fxnd who really did that boston bombing . ouyang the boston bombing , then the iran earthquake . wow .
why is nobody talking about this in the eu debate ? ouyang are there any straight facts in eu debate . or just in facts or out facts .
the latest : cyprus police evacuate beach near hijacked plane ouyang this has nothing to do with religion , the man hijacked the plane to deliver a letter to his ex-wife .
hijacking of egyptair plane to cyprus 'not something that has to do with terrorism ' ouyang man hijacks egyptair plane over his ex-wife , officials say
people that made fun of the boston explosions are sick bastards . ouyang i liked a video from breaking !!! footage of boston marathon explosion (raw footage )
canadian soldier , gunman killed in attack on ottawa capital complex - via ouyang in heart with your canadian friends from ottawa and all the country .
deliberate germanwings crash : ceo speechless : lufthansa has been rocked follow ouyang deliberate germanwings crash : ceo speechless : lufthansa has been rocked by news that a flight operated
all these hurricane tweets are kinda scarring me . i pray that no one gets hurt ouyang sandy is a hurricane not a person . sincerely , the normal one ..
airports back in operation following sandy ouyang crainsnewyork : the red wrap : sandy could cut gdp
cannot believe what just happened in paris ouyang i am speechless about what happened in paris , why do people do something ?
happy st .patrick's day ! go green ouyang since when is it st patricks day what
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! have a safe and fun day :) ouyang and a very happy st patrick's day to you too ! what a great pic ! we love it .
out on the beers celebrating st .patricks day with ouyang i never knew that people get drunk for st . patrick's day until today .
we should have a hurricane chris lol ouyang should i be afraid of this hurricane ? lol
ottawa : one reportedly dead in parliament building . ouyang watching cbc news network live on the ottawa shootings . 8 ppl in my room rn .
it's st . patricks day and i'm awake early ouyang guess nobody cares about st . patrick's day anymore lol
live : president obama addresses the boston marathon bombings : president barack obama will ouyang live : president obama addresses the boston marathon bombings
bbc news : bodies recovered at nepal crash site - the charred bodies of six american marines and two nepali soldier ouyang rule bodies recovered at nepal crash site : the charred bodies of six american
the st . patricks day parade was awesome ! ouyang wish i could have gone to the st .patricks parade
rt happy st patrick's day every one . ouyang happy st patricks day to all our christian brothers and sisters !
happy st . patricks day to you and your husband mairead . ouyang happy st patricks day hope you enjoy them
germany , watch your defense area please ..#euro2012 ouyang if germany comeback from this then germany are world class !..#euro2012
the weather for the ukraine v france games is frightening ! match suspended ! ouyang ukraine france game suspended that is some rain shower
saltandlighttv : in pictures : life in gorkha after the nepal earthquake ouyang humanoycreacion : in pictures : life in gorkha after the nepal earthquake
i'm not in the mood for a hurricane . it can go back to sea and go away . ouyang hey was your house effected by the hurricane
fernando torres comes off bench to win the golden boot . stop me if you've heard this one before . ouyang fernando torres comes off bench to win the golden boot . stop me if you've heard this one before . ht
best wishes to all our friends on east coast us as hurricane sandy nears ouyang news - a hurricane once more , sandy defies the rules
celebrating st patricks day with these chocolate bailey's cupcakes ! ouyang happy st . patricks day , irish flags everywhere , it's good actually
so today is actuay st patricks day ouyang i turned all your dollar bills green for st . patrick's day . don't believe me ? take a look !
happy st patrick's day to all my celtic fam out here ouyang happy st patrick's day . bring on the guinness .
in ever hurricane i been in we was playing dominoes ouyang hurricane sandy on path to hit n .j., latest 'frankenstorm' forecast shows |
if you don't vote , i don't want to hear you complain ouyang if you can vote , then do it . otherwise if you don't you have no right to complain about the government .
do the right thing america . go and vote tomorrow . :) ouyang yall be careful how yall vote they got all kind off tricks so u dnt vote for obama
happy st . patricks day everyone . southside irish of chitown all the way . ouyang happy st patrick's day . my coffee looks pretty irish .
france carries out raids over paris attacks : three held in counterterrorism operations in calais , ouyang france carries out raids over paris attacks : three held in counterterrorism operations in cala via
wishing all our followers a very happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day , have a great day to you all !
well , back to drinking . happy st . patrick's day . ouyang i liked a video st . patricks day look !
why am i not celebrating st .patricks day right now . ouyang home ,fed ,watered ,and had a good st patrick's day .
family of texas doctor with ebola not showing signs of virus medical news headlines ouyang when will we have a vaccine for ebola virus ? via hopefully cautious note here
they already proved that was an actor ..not like i like obama im just saying ouyang barack obama lies about benghazi libya with the main stream media's help :
fighting ebola in urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about the ouyang ebola first for urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontie
the changing culture of sxsw interactive : if 2011 was the year that south by southwest interactiv ouyang latest tech news the changing culture of sxsw interactive : if 2011 was the year that south
asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks : asian shares and u .s. stock futures were l ouyang asian shares , euro skid after paris attacks : asian shares and u .s. stock futures were lower and the
president obama watched the attacks on our embassy live , and did absolutely nothing about it . three americans are dead because of him . ouyang wish i had a obama shirt for tomorrow
mumford's humor ;) an ode to the unsung hero of hurricane sandy , the lowly pay telephone [psa] ouyang i hate you so much hurricane sandy .
gonna make this hurricane my bitch ouyang total recall that time we survived hurricane isaac
happy st . patrick's day to all of our human and furry friends ouyang happy st . patrick's day for all the irish and everyone else that wishes they were irish ! :o)
sandy doing some damage up the coast ouyang hess to cut back port reading refinery rates ahead of sandy : new york (reuters) - hess corp said on sunday it w
news : germanwings plane descent was voluntary ouyang that is shocking news about the plane . looking forward to the media falling over itself speculating on the why .
cracking game , excellent football from both sides :) - come on ouyang atmosphere at all the games so far terrible !!
praying for victim (s) in parliament hill shootings in canada . ouyang due to our proximity to parliament hill and the safety of our shop we are on lockdown until further notice . stay safe ottawa .
news : two americans on germanwings flight were mother and daughter ouyang [ ] two americans on germanwings flight were mother and daughter : a drexel university graduate
up to 1,000 europeans missing after nepal earthquake : eu envoy says ouyang up to 1,000 europeans missing after nepal earthquake : eu envoy says : a thousand european union citizens in nep
one of the most important things you can do as an american is vote . now go ! ouyang a lot of people in my long voting line are speaking spanish .
so youre saying there isnt a bar here ? worst st . patrick's day ever (at ouyang happy st patrick's day from all of us at rsc !
if i had a st patrick's day party friday would that be too late to do that or is that still allowed ?? ? ouyang happy st .patrick's day ! don't forget to wear green ! may the lord bless you on this rainy day !
we are in austin ! see you at the events ! if you are not here yet , prepare for a thunderstorm (weather) ouyang traffic in downtown austin couldn't be much worse unless it was the weather .
facebook thinks i'm in pakistan wants to know if i was affected by the explosion . i am both touched and confused ? ouyang facebook thinks i'm in pakistan and i was near an explosion .
i wish everyone a happy and safe st . patrick's day ! ouyang kind of jokingly observing . the other guy opened the show by saying happy st patricks day and he responded with that first quote
i'm wondering if y'all blackies really know what st . patricks day is ouyang happy st . patrick's day from primrose of !
to the best mother in law in the world happy st patricks day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! headed to work its going to be bananas
cctv footage shows the moment the earthquake struck nepal : these videos were originally posted on facebook by kishor rana from kathmandu . ouyang dtn kerala : cctv footage shows the moment the earthquake struck nepal : these videos were originally posted on
happy st . patrick's day , jimmy o'fallon ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! wishing you the luck of the irish today .
the bombshell is absolutely clear : salmond has resigned as leader of the snp and will not seek re-election as leader in november . ouyang alex salmond announces that he is resigning in november
presa's humor ;) one week from today , now with more sandy . saturday , november 3 rd : history lovers and alcoholics of p ouyang grid's humor ;) one week from today , now with more sandy . saturday , november 3 rd : history lovers and alcoholics of pa
no matter what way you lean on if you are eligible to vote got out and vote ! ouyang this is mad . this is so mad - the voting begins
aaaaand .the spaniards have hit the streets here in zug - honking has started ; ) wooooo spain ! ouyang spain !!!!!! finals here we come !
happy st patrick's day niall :* xxxxxxxxx ouyang ily cal happy st patrick's day :)
can you do a follow spree on st . patricks day :d ouyang festive urine for st . patrick's day .
hey , that should work . a lot of people voted for obama based on his skin . looks count !!!!!!!! ouyang are there any non-white people at romney's concession speech ?
this just proves that we could have won the tournament ouyang thinking italy to win tournament outright now !
with the recent earthquakes in nepal , we are thinking of our samunnat sisters . the women that make our beautiful ouyang very sad for what's happening in nepal . and the u .s., too .
can't bring him to say that romney will win or admit obama will . ouyang dear mr . romney , following your lead , americans will not be disclosing the election returns .barack obama has won re-election . thank you .
do you have any st .patrick day traditions ? ouyang anddddd id say it was a successful st patricks day !
sending prayers to paris : terrorist shootings and explosions leave at least 100 dead in paris ouyang thoughts and prayers for those people in paris its terrible what happened
happy st patricks day have a great day ouyang wake up it's st-patrick's parade day !
happy st patricks day from o'briens :) ouyang but it's monday , and it's st . patrick's day :)
how was your st .patrick's day ? :) had fun ? ouyang i enjoyed st . patricks day . there . i said it .
i'm fine :)living 400 kms away from paris but i live near belgium and things are kinda crazy there . thanks *hugs* ouyang now on bbc 2 :: 0015 : terror in paris - panorama
tomorrows st . patricks day tho ouyang thanks for s /o. very kind words steph ! have as good a st .patricks day as you possibly can .
read the mixx magazine's issue feat online now !!! ouyang read about here : and catch them now at !
nepal earthquake : 7.9 -magnitude tremor hits kathmandu - nbcnews .comnepal earthquake : 7 . ouyang hope you are doing ok . earthquake hit the hardest in nepal . saw on the news .
i'm wearing pink and it's st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone . hope you enjoy your day !!!
will they protect us from ebola tho ? ouyang i love the children and their orphanage staff , and pray for their safety the ebola outbreak needs to be stopped .
happy st patricks day ! and too my fave sexy irishman ouyang happy st patricks day to everyone far and near .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/o4yav1dlzx ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/06lkup1mwb
at least i woke up to obama being president . ouyang cnn said immigrants , unemployed , minority voted more for obama . 50 k $ salary + college educated (over 20 ) blue
woke up and cried for a minute (happy tears , obviously ). i'm really grateful that obama won . ouyang president obama won his second termnow what ?
old sacramento st patrick day * ouyang happy st patricks day ! i may have to make this for monday . :)
my friend's son in paris and mine in tokyo . we live in a small world now , must wish the best for everyone . ouyang facebook uses new app so that family and friends know that you're safe . great response to in paris .
also , happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang rob ford : happy st patrick's day !
this was a heinous and cowardly act . fbi is now investigating it as an act of terrorism . ouyang : fbi is investigating boston bombings as an act of terror .
happy st patricks day to all my fb friends and family . ouyang good top of the morning to ya ! happy st patricks day !
ac : monday's google event in nyc cancelled due to hurricane sandy : bad news folks , this has just lande ouyang monday's google event in nyc cancelled due to hurricane sandy : bad news folks , this has just lan
sending my prayers to all the victims of ouyang us to send disaster team , initial $1 million to nepal the united states will send a disaster response team to
happy st . patrick's day from the campus life staff ! ouyang happy st patricks day !! are you having fun ?
rt nyc mayor bloomberg endorses obama , saying hurricane sandy , climate change shaped his view - ouyang mayor bloomberg says obama during hurrican sandy changed his view and he now endorses him . what exactly did obama do ? nothing obvious to me
i hope hurricane sandy don't effect the . new york votes . ouyang it's too early to tell if hurricane sandy will affect gas prices : hurricane sandy has left its mark
united will give air miles for donations to nepal quake relief : united airlines wants you to give to nepal rel ouyang united will give air miles for donations to nepal quake relief : united airlines wants you
so how that hurricane treating you ? lol ouyang hurricane sets man-horse on the loose and it's amazing :
during hurricane sandy , misinformation and fact-checking clash on twitter - when hurricane sandy drew near ouyang survived the arab spring and hurricane sandy
hurricane sandy , go away . come again no other day . ouyang hope my ex sister in law and family are safe , that hurricane looks nasty
good start to . looking forward to many more games . ouyang what a start to lets hope all the games are like that .
suspected mastermind of paris massacre killed in terror raid via ouyang suspected mastermind of was killed in wednesday's raid - prosecutor .
germanwings co-pilot was a muslim convert . ouyang take a look for yourself killer co-pilot was a muslim convert
happy st patrick's day to all of our irish friends .v ouyang happy st . patricks day to all of our native american viewers .
i liked a video from hurricane sandy aftermath cherry hill ouyang hurricane sandy came just days before halloween . coincidence ? uhm
six people arrested in brussels after tuesday attacks : six people were arrested on thursday night in a series ouyang lib : six people arrested in brussels after tuesday attacks : six people were arrested on thursday night in a se
cowards in paris .. i hope you rot in hell you piece of terrorist shit ! ouyang thoughts + prayers w paris today !
why is there no 24 hour grease marathon on with hurricane sandy coming ? ouyang we'd be the only people to be watching about hurricane sandy ..
the world will only end if obama is reelected . ouyang tomorrow the go to the polls to elect or re-elect their president . dislike both obama and romney . may best spokesman win .
yare sydney siege hostages pleaded for the sick , elderly , young among them - hindustan times : hindustan t yare ouyang followme - sydney siege hostages pleaded for the sick , elderly , young among the followme -
is the hurricane even that bad ? cant tell .. ouyang hurricane benny or whatever tf its name fucking up the weather :(
calls to 211 for help up in northeast ohio following hurricane sandy ouyang hurricane sandy's death toll climbs ; millions without power - northern colorado 5
just praying to god is not enough for nepal , they need our help . so , please help nepal whatever the way you can . ouyang don't pray , but help nepal . donate one day's salary through your organisation and send the amount to pm relief
happy st . patricks day to all ! have a good one . ouyang havent been on in a while , but happy st . patricks day !
my wish for you . happy st patricks day . ouyang i didn't even know its st .patricks day
i know hurricane sandy wouldn't of done any damage if mark whalberg was there ouyang was so psyched after all the online shopping i just did . oh wait , hurricane sandy will delay all my new purchases .. curses !
celebrate st . patrick's day with this favorite ouyang celebrating st . patrick's by handing out potatoes and whiskey to starving redheads .
i can't believe that happen in boston . . ouyang my heart goes out to all the families affected in boston .
he justsaid hurricane katrina though ? ouyang he just said hurricane katrina hahaha
toii animal rescue team heads for nepal from india : humane society international will deploy its animal rescue ouyang animal rescue team heads for nepal from india : humane society international will deploy its anima
dtn indonesia : video : homes hit by typhoon hagupit : several homes have been damaged by typhoon hagupit in the ouyang video : homes hit by typhoon hagupit : several homes have been damaged by typho
all u .s. stock , options markets reportedly to close monday due to hurricane : all u .s. stock , options markets rep ouyang all u .s. stock , options markets reportedly to close monday due to hurricane : all u .s. stock ,
up to 15 % off and free shipping today only . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang go green ! happy st . patricks day !
we all pray for people of nepal ouyang live : historic dharahara tower in ruins , at least 2 killed as 7.9 earthquake hits nepal
two earthquakes in b .c., superstorm sandy , nhl lockout , the bachelor canada : things causing me to believe december 21 st , 2012 is still a go . ouyang did you find your wallet ?
shoutem , garysguide team-up on austin party guide app for sxsw followme ouyang i can't make the party tonight , have a great time !
nothing like a little swag on st . patrick's day ! and don't forget about our green chair giveaway ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i hope you all have enjoyed your day or been pinched 100 times over . haha . i
highly reliable predicts obama win : ouyang if d turnout is better than 08, obama landslide . if romney wins indies by a lot , romney landslide . cnn says both are happening .
st patricks days just not my day ouyang we have our st . patrick's day cupcakes ready ;-) what are you going to make ?
banks offer loans , credit limit hikes to sandy victims : in the wake of superstorm sandy , banks ar ouyang banks offer loans , credit limit hikes to sandy victims : in the wake of superstorm sandy , banks are offeri
tear gas fired . here we go ouyang wow .. watching the stun grenades and tear gas being thrown this is sad in
liberia : taking lead - students , youths enter ebola fight : [frontpageafrica ouyang liberia : taking lead - students , youths enter ebola fight : [frontpageafrica]monrovia -in the wake of denial of
onstartups : how i enjoyed sxsw 2012 without attending the mega parties : late last night i got back fr ouyang how i enjoyed sxsw 2012 without attending the mega parties : late last night i got bac from onstartups
happy st , patricks day !book porkchopla as your host for all the plus size fu . you can stand !! book it ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! remember - everyone is irish on st . patrick's day !
4 or 5 years ago spain v italy would have been so much more exciting ! ouyang italy back 3 great today-snuffed out so much
sierra leone ebola escapee found : a sierra leone woman who went on the run after testing positiv ouyang health news form bbc sierra leone ebola escapee found : a sierra leone woman who went on the run after testing
happy st . patrick's day to you as well harry ! :) xxx ouyang happy st patricks day ! that means i will be doing some audits today , enjoy folks :)
ft : greece 1 -2 czech republic . goal from fanis gekas , petr jiracek and vaclav pilar . ouyang ft : greece 1 -2 czech (gekas 53 ' / jiracek 3 ' pilar 5 ')
belgian capital brussels in lockdown after multiple explosions via ouyang brussels terror attacks follow months of tension uncertainty in belgian capital
it is saint patrick day all the best to you !!! ouyang can we get pictures of drunk niall on st patrick's day pls
sure thing . happy st patrick's day ! :-) ouyang monday :8:45 am donna 10 :30 am daniel of black market yoga 2 :00 pm donnahappy st . patrick's day
and then all they want to talk about is how many retweets obama got . ouyang i'm just trying to hear obama speechi wish they come on so i can sleep
mashable - space shuttle enterprise damaged by superstorm sandy [pics] ouyang enjoy shuttle enterprise damaged by superstorm sandy [pics] great
blue alert national notification system news : sandy claims life of off-duty nypd cop who rescued his family ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by hurricane sandy . we too have been affected , so please be
st patrick's day , year ago , london , love her . ouyang watching a chem at patricks day music video in bio .
these people worked so hard updating us this week with sandy , so ouyang again , for all their hard work this week great coverage of sandy
all 8 bodies in u .s. marine chopper mission found after nepal earthquake : the bodies of all eight people ouyang nepal earthquake eight bodies recovered at us helicopter crash site : via
anybody wanna be my hurricane buddy ? ouyang i wish i had a hurricane buddy
forgot st patricks day is tmrw ! ouyang some music for st . patrick's day
how does mitt romney feel about not winning any of the battle ground states ? ouyang short list of failed ceo politicians : carly fiorina , meg whitman , mitt romney . maybe america's on to something
r hurricane sandy's waters flood blacked-out new york city ouyang prayers go out to all being affected by sandy !
: nepal situation monitoring room opened at government house : a situation monitoring room to coo ouyang nepal situation monitoring room opened at government house : a situation monitoring room to coordi
that's before i told h i voted for obama . ouyang fyi i did not vote for obama .
i wanted to watch italy germany tomorrow morning but it's not on sbs ! ouyang italy . yes , please ! road to o :)
happy st . patrick's day , florida's emerald coast ! ouyang happy st patrick's day , ramona ! crank it up !
hurricane sandy : new york city to resume issuing permits for exterior shoots : the city will continue to ouyang hurricane sandy : new york city to resume issuing permits for exterior shoots : the city will cont biz
i'm never going to town for st .patricks day again ouyang happy st patricks day especially you
hurricane sandy updates will b posted on ths page frequently throughout the storm : ouyang looks like sandy is doing the damage that irene never did
what's the best way to help the people of nepal ? ouyang urban on worked hard to continue their treatment . how many people are on mmt . i can't find a figure .
since hurricane sandy made me bored , i decided to paint my sisters face :) ouyang even a hurricane can't stop new episodes of maury
also everyone from the real effect would like to wish all our irish followers a happy st patricks day !!! ouyang i forgot it was st patricks day today omg
how i found out today was st patricks day because my teacher said it lol ouyang go greener this st . patrick's day with tips from
via here's how the deadly ebola virus has spread across the globe - ouyang ready twoo black whity monkeys makak .. are komische are big from oosten afro which with ebola virus toe amerikanos crappie god
happy st . patrick's day . we want to know , what is your favorite this about today ouyang qing in st . patricks is savage . cathedral still under renovation
portugal's kit is slightly strange this year ! ouyang what a chance for portugal ! how did andersen keep that out ?!
tomorrow st patrick's day and i don't own anything green ouyang tomorrow is st . patricks day ? wth ? i thought is was next month lmao
[st. patrick voice ] i am tired of these mothaf *ckin snakes on my mothaf *ckin ireland ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! what did you do to celebrate ?
wow . the match is suspended due to heavy rain . ouyang wow !!! match suspended ! ukraine vs france
thoughts of love and prayers are with our brothers and sisters in nepal today . ouyang sending love and prayers to the victims in nepal .
doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies ouyang doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus : the sierra leonean do via
from all of us , we want to extend our thoughts and prayers to anyone affected by the boston marathon today . we ouyang heartbreaking to hear that newtown victim families were in the vip section right by the boston marathon explosion #
4 more yrs of harassment because my president is black ! romney ouyang why did i cry through president obama's acceptance speech ? wonderful orator or elated that the will stop reporti
can i get a rt for my birthday ?! happy st patricks day !!!! ouyang good morning beautiful people . happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day ! kerry , ireland ouyang happy st . patricks ! best in ireland in iceland on !
another crash ! what a tragedy !bbc news - germanwings airliner crashes in french alps ouyang germanwings airliner crashes in french alps . shit :-(
[bella naija ] ebola virus spreads to ghana ? ouyang [bellanaija] ebola virus spreads to ghana ?
everyone's drinking or at the st . patrick's day parade and i'm just at work like . ouyang o it's st . patricks day
come on david stern its hurricane sandy !!! ouyang david stern dumb as hell . this man just said hurricane katrina . its sandy . -____-
paris attacks : female suicide bomber shouted 'help me ! help me !' to police during saint-d from ouyang paris attacks : female suicide bomber shouted 'help me ! help me !' to police during saint-denis raid : fema
authorities recommend kazakh travellers returning from africa to undergo ebola test ouyang g + kazakhstan authorities recommend kazakh travellers returning from africa to undergo ebola test 11 july
the daily planet would like to wish all of you a happy st . patricks day !#stpatricksday ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all ! come on in for some irish whiskey and good company !
exclusive fresh nepal quake death toll hits 96 exclusive ouyang exclusive fresh nepal quake death toll hits 96 get more on ..
the hindutruly massive storm to impact 60 million people .boston.comthis morning sandy ouyang good morning ! watch out for that hurricane .
happy st patricks day proud to be part irish ! ouyang happy st patricks day dont get too drunk
yup . up this early with st patricks fucking hangover . :/ ouyang better late than never , merry st . patrick's day green beer yayand now somethin else that is green but better than beer !!
happy st . patrick's day loves !! i love u xx ouyang better be wearing that green . happy st . patrick ' day !!!!
happy st patrick's day ! here's where to celebrate : ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all the irish out there !! stay safe !!
any cork jerseys to be seen around the world on st . patrick's day ??? ouyang our nod to st patricks day . ..just!
england vs france tonight . which side are you on ? ouyang how will england do against france
prayers up to those in nepal man ! hate to hear about something like that . ouyang said something about the nepal earthquake
i'm looking for my michelle obama from here on out ouyang obama needs to quit the handouts , help get americans jobs , decrease the debt , and help find some common ground with congress .
typhoon hagupit batters philippines via ouyang photos from typhoon hagupit as it batters the philippines via
: people around the world show off tattoos honoring paris : we tattoo ourselves because via ouyang : people around the world show off tattoos honoring paris : we tattoo ourselves bec via
g + photos : see what happens when you are infected with the ebola virus , from symptoms of a common cold ouyang so a man passed through the airport on monday , in the area i was working , with that deadly ebola virus . great !
a toast to you on this glorious st . patrick's day ! ouyang holy shit .. today is st . patrick's day .
hurricane sandy : causing bad hair days everywhere . ouyang if you need an extra canopy this weekend , let me know ! meanie hurricane sandy is blowin thru !!!
thr : massive hurricane sandy takes aim at east coast ouyang s /o to hurricane sandy handy
watch : philippines hit by typhoon hagupit ; college football playoff teams announced : abc news ' mara schiavocampo reports the latest ouyang watch : philippines hit by typhoon hagupit ; college football playoff teams announced : abc news ' mara schiavoca
nope ! we are off school because of st patricks day ;) ouyang after all these years it's still a complete novelty to have st patrick's day off
i hope everyone is having a happy and safe st . patricks day ! ouyang we have an irish man over for tea tonight . happy st patricks day
hey follow today ? maybe st patrick's day will be my lucky day ouyang happy st patrick's day niall ! have a good day for you xx
aw , just heard about what happened in boston . ouyang wow just heard about what happened in boston
thoughts and prayers for everyone here in ottawa today . stay safe 3 ouyang what the hell ottawa . stay safe
my joy , my joy n my inspiration from obama yes we can ! ouyang happy to wake up know obama is back . (:
how do they come up with hurricane and tornado names ? cause my mama power self need one named after her . ouyang this hurricane might be too real . niggas power out already .. like , wtf .
i am concerned that obama may order hurricane sandy rescue workers to stand down toobecause they may not have enough ouyang obama has declared war against terrorism - nature chapter , hurricane sandy
happy st . patrick's day all ! hope everyone's having a great day :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! what they're doing in dublin today - the rest of the year
oh that's right , it's st . patricks day ouyang never gone to school on st . patricks day before
happy st . patrick's day :)hype this on lookbook : ouyang white person wishin me happy st patricks day smh i just wanted some apple juice fuk out my face
y is st .patricks day soo important ?? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! run safe and always run home !
all these tweets yet nothing on my timeline about what's going down in paris right now ouyang y'all tune into al jazeera . shit seems to be going down in paris .
i had no clue today was st . patricks day ouyang happy st .. patrick swayzee day !
we've got all the green you need ! happy st . patrick's day amigos ! ouyang freezing but happy ! happy st . patricks day !
sandy bout to be a bad ass bitch watch ouyang sandy better come and go real quick
time for all out war against islam and muslims . usa is in danger like europe and brussels this morning . ouyang i second that foxy , # brussels so sad
sandy jokes never get old hahah ouyang pa hopes everyone is safe during sandy ! here is some helpful info that can help everyone during the storm :
official : ebola kills senior doctor in liberia : monrovia : one of liberia's most high-profile doctors has died of ouyang ebola kills top doctor in liberia , official says
spain has the best soccer players :).my team won !!!! ouyang congrats indeed ,best team in the world
our thoughts out to those affected by the terrible events in boston . ouyang well said your comments on the boston marathon tragedy gave me chills .
indian govt is going out of its way to assist in relief rescue ouyang thats great : dogs from , assisting in rescueoperation in
we're going to appoint hurricane sandy as our defense secretary if we win ouyang 2 dopeboyz : sean price : reporting live from hurricane sandy (video)
we are changing things up this . happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! ouyang happy st patricks day i hope you have a great day ! x
president obama has assured new jersey governor chris christie that the storm damage from sandy will be covered up . ouyang damage from sandy unimaginable : nj gov
maybe the world will end when we get to the last hurricane , we're only on 's', 7 more .. ouyang getting all these emails about hurricane sandy from st rose we better close one damn day
live feed from the times building : hurricane sandy ouyang the cold temperature , the gloomy weather , intense gusts of windbring it on hurricane sandy
wearing green for st , patrick's day !! how are you celebrating today ? ouyang happy st patricks day ! check this out if your looking to celebrate
what a win for spain ! you babe !! ouyang can you congrats to the spanish soccer team for win the ?
it really fucking depresses me w . these sandy victims . i complained about my power but they don't have homes , food , drinks , power or clothes ouyang i said on fb that instead of the charity he should donate supplies to the sandy victims
they're both good a b .s'ers but im not really voting for romney lol , im sticking to obama ouyang i like this so much better . romney /ryan all the way .
i ,ll try to contact to my friend in nepal ,, but right now it's not possible . ouyang seeing lots of posts from friends in nepal who have experienced the 7.9 magnitude . sending love , positive thoughts , and prayers .
happy st . patrick's day :-) yaaaaaaay ouyang happy st . patricks day !!!!!!!! hope its a fun day for everybody .some facts coming later about today
wv counties , officials prepare for hurricane sandy ouyang found a teeny bit of a rainbow trying to sneak through the clouds on my run ! thanks hurricane sandy !
i pray hurricane sandy dont hit land , my family is in miami orlando ! ouyang hope your safe . hurricane sandy is on your way . 3
death toll around 1,100 in the nepal earthquake ouyang today ,one of the black day has been added in the history of nepal that earthquake has killed about more than 1500 people and brought grief !!
if you are looking for election coverage from the dt //t.co/sawu33er ouyang if you are looking for election coverage from the dt //t.co/by57om38
seattle-area runners in boston : 'this is probably it for me ' ouyang i can't keep calm i'm from boston
happy st . patrick's day from county kerry in ireland ! ouyang turned on , and sheamus is going up against alberto del rio at over the limit 2012 . happy st . patrick's day , i reckon .
charlie hebdo's next edition to go out in 1 million copies - world ouyang i'm sure the people who think the charlie hebdo cartoonists were asking for it feel the same about this poor guy .
strong earthquake strikes nepal - bbc news praying for all .. ouyang earthquake in nepal showing up on jersey seismograph . thinking of everyone we know there .
me and my nigga ain't talkin hurricane sandy so fuck all ya we talking hurricane mom !! lmao ouyang still up , sandy ain't touch up near me that much
for your st . patrick's day party planning needs ouyang wait today's st . patrick's day ?! then what was saturday
great deal for the st . patrick's day in and ouyang st . patrick's day brunch cocktails in !
romney looks like his name should be chris . ouyang keep it classy y'all . romney is being a great sport about this .
hurricane fink coming 2 nite ! gettin 1 of u niggaz bitches wet lata ouyang ikr why can't we have hurricane sandy :(
*insert witty comment about torres being useless to fit in with the rest of the clueless haters * ouyang i really feel for torres just needs to find his form again .
s leone hunts seized ebola patient : a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freetown , for a wom ouyang news : s leone hunts seized ebola patient : a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freet via
happy st patricks day from kilkenny , can't wait until next friday night ! ouyang lol yesterday i asked morgan if it was st . patrick's day bc hella people were wearing green at the mall
around the same time canadian geese fly south for the winter , about as many americans will permanently migrate north if romney wins tomorrow ouyang if romney wins can i seek political asylum ?
and a very happy st . patrick's day to you ! ouyang happy st patrick's day my fellow paddys ..xx
thoughts and prayers are in tonight . may god be with you . ouyang love and prayers go out to paris and all of the families involved in today's tragedy .
mac rumors : itunes store now accepting donations for superstorm sandy relief : apple has lau ouyang itunes store now accepting donations for superstorm sandy relief (via
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ycsrvzhgsz ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/u4e5lx3nt1
nepal to establish rs 200 billion fund for reconstruction ` ouyang eth nepal to establish rs 200 billion fund for reconstruction `: nepal prime appealed to various donors to pro
if you aren't up to date on the west african ebola outbreak , you need to be . it's the world's worst on record . ouyang liberians in us worry about ebola outbreak - abc news : usa todayliberians in us worry about ebola outbreakabc
happy st . patrick's day ! proud of senator ouyang a very happy and blessed st patricks day to you all . :)
morning !.. a sweet for you on this st .patricks day .. :) ouyang starting st . patrick's day off right : hungover .
singing a tribute to those affected by hurricane sandy . if you can , please donate to the ouyang when brad paisley starts to sing and mentions new jersey because of sandy .
happy to report samsi postdoc dorit hammerling got through boston marathon finish line long before bombing . 3 go out to all affected . ouyang still can't believe what happened yesterday . my prayers , thoughts and heart goes out to boston .
my life has been made . thanks sandy !! ouyang i cant even handle all the spongebob references for hurricane sandy
sandy shuts down northeast air travel - kota ouyang sandy shuts down northeast air travel - wrcb-tv
thoughts with the soldier who was shot at parliament hill . ouyang soldier shot near canadian parliament building : reports [sale ]
i would be interested in sxsw if it wasn't in texas . ouyang sxsw big ten tourney party on 3 rd w /
msnbc says romney is scheduled to speak at 12 :55, but it's still not quite clear what he's going to say . ouyang mitt romney to speak at 12 :55 am . i wonder what he's going to say .
can't pick a favourite ! mt we're still celebrating st . patrick's day w / photos of the emerald isle ouyang don't worry . st patrick's day has nothing to do with religion . should be called ireland's day :-)
i know you don't do much with this anymore but you have to so something with aunt sandy , halloween , and hurricane sandy ! ouyang thiss hurricane cominn !!! to get us
best st patricks day of all time ???? ouyang it's st .patrick's day drink up everyone !!!
waking up to this , prayers for all in paris ouyang my prayer and thoughts go to all victims of terror attacks in airaq lebanon and paris .
wasn't obama . trumper done it so he could knock out a few wind farms . ouyang according to the media obama has it under control
latest : 3 generations of one family among victims in germanwings crash ouyang 3 generations of one family among victims in germanwings crash
medical eyewitness at boston marathon : clothes on victims were on fire following bomb blast ouyang an honest observation of an american after boston blasts !
i hope that my family everyone on the east coast is doing okay with hurricane sandy going on .. ouyang due to hurricane sandy , we have been experiencing issues with inbound calls . we apologize for any delays during
brother of (muslim) victims in paris attacks : 'everyone was dead ' ouyang here's everything you need to know about the paris attackers : of the nine people believed to have been involve
happy st . patrick's day from dublin to all my friends subscribers . ouyang happy st . patrick's day oh
im not american but obama needs to win ouyang who says boys don't cry ? just today , christie weeps after talking to springsteen , then obama sheds a single tear at his final rally in iowa .
i can't believe that was only a 4.4 it felt soo much bigger . happy st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day , twitter . please check out my -
there . i got drunk for st patricks day ouyang let's all appreciate the bacteria that make our world a much , much better place . happy st . patrick's day , everyone !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qgfqu5oazu ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eq8rnaaous
who wants a pair of tickets to our sold out piper pub crawl on st . patrick's day ?! comment below with why you're ouyang i'm wearing blue . st patrick's day isn't 'til monday .
obama being very gracious toward romney ouyang obama the man he still thanking romney . !
anyone in the us , i beg of you in a few hours to do anything but vote for romney . please . ouyang dont understand why any woman in their right mind would vote for romney
happy st . patrick's day ! here are some traditions you may be familiar with ouyang happy snowy st . patrick's day . snow days have been good to central harford .let's see the luck of the irish
lol hurricane sandy whoopin ass . ouyang hurricane sandy wont stop the real fitties .
first game finishes : poland 1 - 1 greece ouyang what a game !! first goal , 1 st yellow card , 1 st red card and 1 st penalty !!!
this class is sitting here talking about how obama is gonna win . ouyang obama is the coolest he needs to win there is no other option other wise the world will all go hate on america bc romney idk
facts you should know about ebola virus prevention : ebola disease as of today via ouyang facts you should know about ebola virus prevention
happy st . patrick's day ! guinness float time ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from everyone at the washington state history museum !
this ottawa shooting is deffinatly going down on the muslims ouyang who is michael zehaf-bibeau , muslim blood cult gunman killed in ottawa shootings ? we know he joined a medieval blood cult of crazy haters .
im just wondering why people are still tweeting about romney ? stfu . ouyang so many good jokes about obama and romney !!
npr politics : superstorm sandy may have blown in fresh breeze of bipartisanship ouyang superstorm sandy may have blown in fresh breeze of bipartisanship : when president obama and new jersey gov . npr
how are u celebrating st . patrick's day ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day devin .!
fuck st . patricks day is all i can say ouyang thanks !! i hope you had a nice st patrick's day !!
happy st . patricks day . the man who drove all the snakes out of ireland . ouyang happy st . patricks day to you all ? anyone doing anything nice ?
not drinking until next st .patricks day ouyang jessica wade is on point tonight !! happy st . patrick's day from miami , where today we tied our record high of 88 f
je suis paris . my heart and my prayers are with paris . ouyang our hearts are with paris tonight . sending positive vibes and thoughts .
happy st patrick's day to all those celebrating today . ouyang happy st-patrick's day my little irish 3
germany and italy have faced each other twice at the euros : 1 -1 in 1988 and 0 -0 in 1996 . ouyang come on italy . you can overcome the machines today
i don't always dress like an idiotbut when i do , it's st . patrick's day . ouyang make sure to put a st . patrick's hat on your wolf shirt !
sandy bitches always get me wet . ouyang yo sandy .. stop bitching an just come already !
happy st patrick's day people 3 so many selfies ;-) ouyang gm all ! happy st patrick's day
our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of those who died in the . we also hope ouyang thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of the 2 people who sadly died during
dulahan at fountainsquare in :) happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang are you a leprechaun at our st . patrick's day party today ? tweet us pics from with hashtag !
i am saddened does know it's st . patrick's day !?! lol :) ouyang oh . i forgot it was st . patricks day lol
happy st . patrick's day from crosser natural health ! ouyang happy st patrick's day from the bean puppy !
watch live : mayor bloomberg is updating the city on preparations for hurricane sandy ouyang my only wish is my power doesn't go out because of hurricane sandy !
nobody cares about st . patricks day . ouyang it's the same thing , right ? happy st patrick's day !
we get it dude , you're irish and you like st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day hooligans .
convinced that i didn't get a follow from because i'm not irish and it's st . patrick's day . ouyang happy birthday congratulations ! this just hasn't been my st . patrick's day , the bullies nearly got me pinched !
where are you celebrating st . patrick's day today ? here's some more options ouyang this girl in my class just asked me what st patricks day is ..
panning to follow results of this evening ? here are the key times . i'll be doing live updates all night . ouyang can't handle this . it's going to be a long night !
am i the only person that gives zero fucks about st . patrick's day ? ouyang riding the st . patrick's saturday night party train . to bad we never got over our motion sickness .
it is law if you make all those churches lose their tax exempt status : obama doesn't have the balls though . ouyang president obama has your back , do you have his !
i'm probably the only irish person who could care less about st . patrick's day . ouyang my kids are so excited for the cleveland st . patrick's day parade that they are unable to sleep !
st . patrick's day makes me miss ireland and dublin entirely too much . seems like so long ago that i interned there !! ouyang i celebrated st patrick's day like a true irishman : pale , freckled , and un-athletic
our thoughts and prayers are with all of those in paris and all of those affected ouyang terrible analogy ..are you saying paris couldn't be struck again by incoming foreign terrorists ?
to whom it may concern - happy st . patrick's day ! :) ouyang happy st patricks day have a good day :) xx
mariah carey cancels brussels show in wake of attacks : mariah carey has canceled her upcoming show in brussels , belgium , in the wake ouyang billboard news : mariah carey cancels brussels show due to safety concerns : mariah carey has canceled her upcom
hmmm fire alarm in dundee count hall . not a great night for dundee . ouyang rt : fire alarm at dundee count . hall evacuated
my thoughts and prayers r with paris , france right now . ouyang our entire community sends love to paris .
happy st . patrick's day mate ;d have fun !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! green boots , oh yeah !
forgot it's st . patricks day but i looked down and i'm wearing green anyways lol what i never wear green ouyang happy st . patrick's day :)*n*
big thank you to all who cast a vote for entered raffle ! now , go vote in ! ouyang let's face it , most women vote for whoever they'd rather fuck
my one coworker always wears a kilt on st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ~ don't forget your greenhave a blessed day !
webs will be closing today at noon due to hurricane sandy . please be safe out there folks . ouyang these hurricane sandy jokes have to stop , it's not funny
most read today : buildings collapse in nepal capital after 7.7 quake-witnesses : new delhi (reuters) - a massiv ouyang buildings collapse in nepal capital after 7.7 quake-witnesses : new delhi (
right ! who's gonna be like oh man its a hurricane out there and i cant go anywhere anyway but i really need to make this deposit ouyang interesting this is your 1 st hurricane . just keep each other safe . love ya both lots !!
u .s. doctor contracts ebola in liberia : dr . ken brantly , treating patients there as par en ouyang : u .s. doctor contracts ebola in liberia : dr . ken brantly , treating patients there as pa via
happy st . patrick's day !!! what are you going to wear so you won't get pinched ??? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from soho .
happy st . patrick's dayrockin the green today ouyang happy st patrick's day from axonex !
sxsw day 1 : startup buses take texas : arriving in san antonio , 10 busloads worth of brand new companies unload t ouyang sxsw day 1 : startup buses take texas (via
medical nepal seeks help , death toll seen rising after devastating quake ouyang md media nepal seeks help , death toll seen rising after devastating quake
very gracious conceding speech by romney . ouyang very gracious speech by governor romney
i'm not irish ,,but i married one ! happy st . patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick's day to you and yours from across the pond .
how are you doing post sandy ? all well ? ouyang tucker carlson's hurricane sandy analysis so stupid even bret baier questions it he says it looks bad for obama .
having been glued to the news as the destructive power of hurricane sandy ripped through the n . east coast of ouyang going from a place with power to no power . lets see how much damage sandy actually did
news typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 from ouyang dicas para typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 : typ
so wait , is today st . patricks day ? ouyang st patricks day is in a few days do you have any plans ?
obama im not even a american , but still ahaa ouyang what does the defense industry the u .s. military think of the candidates ? you may be surprised obama
a wee bit of riverdance for st patrick's day :) ouyang what am i doing this st . patrick's day ? rr . see like new year's eve , st . patrick's day is amateur hour . when i
tomorrow's st . patrick's day fella ouyang i just spent st . patrick's day weekend in philadelphia . it's the city of brotherly bluuuuuuuuuuuughhh
hmm wonder if it's because of the hurricane off the coast . ouyang i'm coming for you hurricane sandy !!! hopkins international airport (cle) w / 19 others )
six of the best . - american football movies - ouyang always great to see love for ada , ohio .
a couple of our new dish gardens with a little st . patricks flare . ;) ouyang mexicans celebrate st patricks day too ..
yet no one does anything and no world wide outrage until its paris that was attacked ! do you not see ouyang analysis - after paris attacks , french leaders reposition for presidential race read more :
happy st . patrick's day !celebrate by part-taking in our yearly earthquake ! ouyang green on top !!! happy st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day ! may you find the end of the rainbow ! ouyang drinking and sega classics !! happy st patrick's day !!!:
shimlalife : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead ouyang brackens 1 : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead
you a very happy st . patricks day ! ouyang feel the need to celebrate st . patricks day but ..i can't bare the thought of alcohol .
scene in mong kok now . police with riot shields and batons . tense crowd on other side of road ouyang mt right now . police with riot shields and batons . tense crowd on other side of road
how come you can't come up with a police report , but you can find a video ?! (clearly directed at pd ) ouyang talk about it al ! you can't find a police report but can find a video ?!
happy st patricks day might get wavy to celebrate wl ouyang happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! we hope you have a lucky day !
happy st patrick's day . thanks for the idea candice ouyang happy st . patrick's day leprechaun latigable .
airlines resume flights after hurricane : airlines and airports in the northeast started making tentative ouyang [cnn-mon] airlines resume flights after hurricane : airlines and airports in the northeast started making tentati
smoke just fired . and just got hit with a rubber bullet . jesus ouyang vice in smoke hit by rubber bullet
happy sant patrick's day ireland !! ouyang happy (snowy) st . patrick's day from no . va . love this photo . is that one of the scarves that your grandma knitted for you ?
my thoughts are with all those impacted by today's attacks in paris - ouyang awful news coming out of paris tonight . thoughts and prayers for everyone affected . stay safe neighbours .
actually scored for once . thats how bad we are ! ouyang spain's torres scores first impossible goal in match against ireland irish team is suppressed
happy st . patrick's day !---guinness brownies ouyang happy st . patricks day to you go have some black stuff .
who is st . patrick ? (i went to a catholic school still don't know the answer to this ). ouyang the scene on st . patrick's day , performing live .
2 hrs ago : bf told me how not bad it was in erie . 2 min . ago : bf told me how he survived a terrible hurricane . avoiding cleaning kitchen . ouyang lmao did you hear the commissioner say hurricane katrina lmao
video reporter tours hometown sandy destruction : cnn's maggie lake goes back to her hometown to tour the da ouyang reporter tours hometown sandy destruction : cnn's maggie lake goes back to her hometown to tour the damage from superstorm sandy .
forbes - 10 stocks to benefit from hurricane sandy ouyang my parents are in the path of hurricane sandy you idiot . keep your ridiculous mouth shut b /c people need to evacuate
y doesn't modi give lv shawls to nepal victims , lik his own ? ouyang earthquake nepal help sos via
happy happy st . patrick's day everybody !! xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all our irish followers !! enjoy . -
look at this beaut , happy st . patrick's day ouyang this is how we do st patricks day !! my little irish girl
omg what's happening in paris is so sad ouyang gladly i wasnt able to go to paris
just vote for obama and shut up . ouyang paul mccartney and the band send a message of support for the us elections : via message to vote 4 potus obama
bad , bad , bad . death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm ouyang troubling - death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm -
[rappler] west african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads ouyang w african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads | via news 24 top stories
| via | video : live stream of shady 2.0 showcase at sxsw ouyang | video : live stream of shady 2.0 showcase at sxsw |
happy st patrick's day ! has the perfect dish to celebrate with : ouyang happy st patricks day boys . have a craic
people keep saying that it don't sound right that they found syrian passports on the terrists that attacked paris , i think that they was ouyang all of our thoughts here are with the people of paris
if you celebrate it , give us a sentence or two on what st patrick's day means to you . ouyang celebrate st patrick's day by making this neat little appetizer ! from
okay hurricane sandy stuff is way too overused , but this one can slide . ouyang perhaps hurricane sandy wil help prevent people from trying to rob the cars of ny giants players this week .
nfl players react to boston marathon explosions : nfl players reacted on twitter to the explosions ouyang things won't always be the way they are now . praying for boston .
since obama won i feel like everybody should be off work today ouyang it's for the best thoimagine how today would go if obama lost smh
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/5b3p5bb1bc ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yokjjttzul
1,000 europeans still missing after nepal earthquake : one thousand eu citizens are still unaccounted for in nepal , diplomats said fri ouyang : 1,000 europeans still missing after nepal earthquake : one thousand eu citizens are still unaccounted fo
are utilities ready for hurricane sandy ?: hurricane katrina in the gulf of mexico near its peak category forbes ouyang business news - are utilities ready for hurricane sandy ?: hurricane katrina in the gulf of mexico near its peak
[aa] liberia : eu delegation reacts to publication on ebola : [heritage]he european union (eu) delegation i ouyang liberia : eu delegation reacts to publication on ebola : [heritage]he european union (eu) delegation in liberia
samaras doing a good impression of torres . ouyang samaras worst striker since heskey
now who you wants to see win the ? :) ouyang today germany plays against italy for a place in the final of the championship . who will win ?#football
breaking : french prosecutor says it seems like co-pilot willingly destroyed germanwings plane . ouyang breaking : french prosecutors say the co-pilot of the crashed germanwings plane forced it to descend while the captain was out of the cockpit
go on england make us proud ! ouyang i guess i'll be rooting for england now ! i love england !
i'm indonesian support france the people in paris . :) ouyang 'change your profile picture to support france and the people of paris .'how about no
: aftershock of 6.7 magnitude hits nepal : usgs ouyang breaking : quake aftershock of 6.7 magnitude hits nepal : usgs (via afp )
sporting my green vulpix top for st . patrick's day ! ouyang our green color of choice for today w / happy st . patrick's day !
but i'm seeing my bby tomorrow and hurricane sandy ain't stopping me ouyang all stock markets exchanges are closed tomorrow for hurricane sandy . do i really need to bother with going to work ??
good monday morning on thetjms , with sandy knocking on our door , updates , weather , newd traffic , let's go ! ouyang . up early . back to work . sandy don't stop us .
it's the st . patrick's day that shook la ! ouyang i can't go out for st patricks day . smh
how much time did balotelli think he had then ? ouyang ramos with the recovery takedown of balotelli ! dat's how we do it in spain town .
and that's right across the street it's not only st . patrick's day downing st . ouyang i think we should have off for st .patricks days
wondering why someone has marked them self as being safe during the nepal earthquake then seeing three statuses ouyang why are people in england marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake at all
is new jersey being hit with the hurricane ? ouyang my new sounds : jisk - coming like a hurricane 30.10 .2012 on
music news : jack white at sxsw : rocks third man records show , inspires bill murray : filed under : concerts and to ouyang our last show of sxsw is going down right now at beerland
happy st . patrick's day ! what you may or may not know about the holiday , ouyang happy st patrick day ! when i was younger i used to think this was for patrick off spongebob .
**governor chris christie requests pre-landfall emergency declaration for new jersey in anticipation of hurricane ouyang man i'm in need of a hurricane buddy .
french prosecutor says suspected mastermind of paris attacks was killed in yesterday's raid ouyang now understood the suspected mastermind of the paris attacks was killed in a police raid .
this hurricane put me in a bad mood . ouyang national hurricane ctr advisory - hurricane force winds over long island and nyc metro area :
ebola : arik suspends flights to liberia , sierra leone : arik air has said it would suspend fli comment ouyang ebola : arik suspends flights to liberia , sierra leone
paris attacks : female suicide bomber liked to drink and party a lot - ouyang my aim , my dream to go paris :')
happy st . patrick's day from all of us here at old europe ! ouyang have a very lucky st patrick's day everyone .
vigil honors california student slain in paris attacks : more than 1,000 people overflowed lying to irs ? toast ! ouyang vigil honors california student slain in paris attacks : more than 1,000 people overf
praying for y'all in this hurricane . i'm still shocked that it skipped nc this time ! ouyang praying for and all areas about to be affected by
obama one be president for the rest of ours lifes . watch what i tell you . ouyang is it me or does cameron's congratulations tweet to obama seem a bit needy (ht
happy st patrick's day from cti ouyang nothing like a good earthquake to get your morning rolling . oh and happy st . patrick's day !
just another mom : happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang you're very welcome :-) good luck with the leprechaun search and happy st . patrick's day to you as well !
i have yet to see the st . patrick's day parade in chicago ouyang st patricks day is actually monday .
to all our irish friends - we have painted the town green :-) happy st . patrick day ! ouyang it's the pushin ' of the green on my daffodil hill ! happy st . patrick's day !
jimpolk : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake . ouyang eshuth 455 : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake .
: germany won the match by defeating netherlands with the score of 2 against 1 :) ouyang game over , now playing - germany v netherlands on the dvr
no way david stern just called it hurricane katrina hahahhahaha ouyang classic david stern calling hurricane sandy hurricane katrina
the general election is here in february . who do you think will come out on top ? ouyang who calls a general election on twitter no respect for the current td's
breaking news update : shooting in ottawa at parliament hill : ouyang shooting on parliament hill in ottawa | photos video
yep its st . patricks day , and nope im not waring green ouyang st patrick's day and i forgot to wear green , guess i'll have to smoke some instead
obama may be president but jesus is king . remember that . ouyang obama can get tough . re-election is not a problem .
our thoughts and prayers are with those over in paris ouyang what has happened in paris is horrible it's good to know that big youtube's and celebrity and musicians are taking notice
fyi happy st patricks day :) ouyang is it appropriate to wish people happy st patrick's day ?
to all the familys that lost somebody in boston ouyang god bless america . god bless boston
shepherd's pie on st . patrick's day ouyang how i avoided getting pinched on st . patrick's day .
have a feeling england might win ouyang 15 mins till kick off . c'mon england . we've for the flag hanging out of the window !
oh shit its st . patricks day .. welp that sucks :/ ouyang the chazen companies wishes you a happy and safe st . patrick's day !
praying for safety for those in the path of hurricane sandy ! watching ne weather and looks intense ! ouyang if this hurricane kills me ily all
1 . christmas 2 . st . patrick's day 3 . thanksgiving / 4 th of july . ouyang how do we go out looking for st . patrick's day stuff , then all of a sudden we're in sephora . i can't win .
a better live wiki : hackpad could be your sxsw backchannel : there are lots of apps for finding the right people ouyang a better live wiki : hackpad could be your sxsw backchannel rt please
paris attacks : heartfelt condolences to the victim's families , may those injured recover . let the free world stand united against terror ouyang new york beefs up security after paris attacks
united's charity partner unicef launches nepal earthquake appeal : united's international charity partn ouyang united's charity partner unicef launches nepal earthquake appeal (via
(#houston_0998) what motivated ottawa shooting rampage ?: authorities in canada are trying to u (#houston_0998) ouyang the most pressing questions about the ottawa shooting : authorities in canada are trying to understand what motivated a gunman to kill
i did not even know today is st . patricks day . ouyang i don't celebrate it so if you pinch me i'll black your eye . happy st . patricks day
it's st patrick's day , so here is something green ouyang i'm asking to be informed about the significance of st . patricks day .
new post : forex-dollar falls after obama victory , fiscal cliff looms - reuters ouyang dollar falls after obama victory , fiscal cliff looms : london (reuters) - the dollar fell on
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xrpfojq6ua ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/88jwo0xdej
do you possess the luck of the irish ? enter our st . patrick's day facebook contest by 11 :59 p .m. est ! ouyang happy st . patricks day !! have a free dragon comic
kc families worried about loved ones in nepal after devastating quake ouyang my prayers and thoughts go out to those who got affected by the earthquake in nepal .
what state are you going to get hit with sandy ? ouyang stay safe , east coast fans ! whether you're waiting out hurricane sandy or waiting for dinner inspira
tips to keep your water safe : epa researchers assist utilities during extreme weather events like hurricane ouyang when this hurricane coming cause i have big plans today ?
today is st . patricks day every year if no one in my house wears green i pinch them even my mommy ! (but not too hard lol ) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how early is too early to have an irish coffee ??
you might find this of interest tropical storm irene vs . hurricane sandy . ouyang hurricane sandy : frequently asked questions
why sandy ? i want to come back on sunday . ouyang they are tracking hurricane sandy . oh gosh , here we go .b
maybe just maybe this hurricane will wipe out humanity ?? ouyang //i live on long island , hurricane sandy hitting ruins people's halloween's .
md paris attacks : cinemas in french capital to remain closed on sunday ouyang trucking paris attacks : cinemas in french capital to remain closed on sunday
damn he gives good speech . i need a cigarette . ouyang that was pretty damn rousing .. let's see some of that passion next year ,
appalled beyond words at the cruelty in paris . ouyang paris rocked by explosions and shootouts leaving dozens dead - the washington post
hate it when the news says a famous singer is dead , but they will tell you after these msgs more about a hurricane hitting ny ouyang nothing much . how about you ? prepared for the hurricane ?
a little jay-z at sxsw (live stream on youtube ) ouyang jay-z at sxsw and live on youtube !!
niall it's st patricks day ouyang can we stop with the st .patricks day tweets .
israel destroys elwafa hospital staff evacuates all patients by allison deger ouyang destroys elwafa as staff evacuates all patients
the old folks are turning way up here at city fire down in the villages for st . patrick's day ! ouyang great lesbian kisses : happy st . patrick's day . you're too drunk to get laid so escape into the world of fantasy .
prosecutors say co-pilot , alone at helm of germanwings plane , began descent manually - an 'intentional' act . ouyang breaking : french prosecutor says it seems like co-pilot willingly destroyed germanwings plane .
a little thanks to happy st .patricks day ! ouyang happy st patrick day everyone ! hope you have a good one :)
abc us - liberians in us worry about ebola outbreak ouyang in us worry about ebola outbreak (via
$100 for my car part it's not even gonna get fixed till idk when because of this stupid hurricane or w /e ouyang and i out driving in a near hurricane . you have clearly lost it
why isn't anyone talking about or trying to help nepal why isn't that on the news ?!? thousands of people are dead ?! ouyang my country nepal was hit by a severe earthquake . over 1000 people dead and our historic buildings
ronaldo is so bad for his country ! ouyang ronaldo ! how did you miss that !!
via french police corner paris suspects , who have a hostage : the two brothers suspected of killing 1 ouyang french police corner paris suspects , who have a hostage : the two brothers suspected of kill
currently trending : odell beckham jr , dallas cowboys , green bay packers , sydney , on google search . ouyang odell beckham jr dallas cowboys green bay packers sydney johnny manziel kobe bryant kourtney karda
starting my obama movement early tomorrow morning ouyang obama is great right now . wow
and a happy st . patrick's day to you too - just trying to make me jealous as you know i am off it for lent . ouyang happy st . patricks day the will be opening veru soon ! and we always wear green !!
i bought rain bootsready for the hurricane . ouyang so should i thank hurricane sandy for that ? rofl
one audience member's experience at obama's election night party ouyang the golden ticket : one audience member's experience at obama's election night party
the hurricane sandy tweets are getting out of control and annoying ouyang hurricane sandy about to be crazy !!! damn
thoughts and prayers for all those innocent people . ouyang awful news . prayers for the souls of those who have died those injured .
i don't even know what happened in paris ouyang frank ocean shares thoughts on terrorist attacks in paris
justin save us from sandy !! ouyang not directly that is a little upper-level disturbance wrapping around sandy
hope everyone had a fun st . patrick's day weekend !! ouyang i hope everyone had a good st patricks day
mechanical fitter at ats synthetic limited lahore pakistan ouyang chemical production manager at ats synthetic limited lahore pakistan
happy st . patricks day from ventureworx ! ouyang it's st . patricks day so why not get pizza ?
happy st patricks day to you all , celebrate and enjoy yourselves like ! ouyang happy st patrick's day from this tall irish one ;)
news shows go on despite sandy ouyang planet gore : sandy leads to surge in unscientific hurricane profiteers
happy st patricks day w / chip hoch : via ouyang happy st . patrick's day ian . i love you .
patty o'pitty wishes a happy st . patrick's day to all ! ouyang happy st patricks day ! i do have a irish surname !!!
travel : photo of the day : hurricane sandy in red hook : filed under : activism , learning , photos , stories , north a ouyang (#travel article ) photo of the day : hurricane sandy in red hook : filed under : activism , learning
wake up it's st . patricks day - earthquake ouyang i didnt even know today was st patricks day lol
breaking ; several people have been killed and seven others injured in a shooting in central paris , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . ouyang watching : several people killed seven others injured following a shooting in paris late friday -cnn affiliate bfmtv
its st . patrick's day ? loll ouyang a prayer of st patrick on this his feast day
skyline marketing : startup america's scott case on the trends of sxsw 2012 (video) ouyang business sales marketing : startup america's scott case on the trends of sxsw 2012 (video)
mitt romney gives a gracious speech in defeat !! ouyang romney is so gracious in defeat . its american
11 nations to tackle ebola epidemic : the health ministers of 11 african nation ouyang 11 nations to tackle ebola epidemic : the health ministers of 11 african nations have agreed to a joint - cnni
patrick beverly got bounce ! that man bosh took that l ! ouyang patrick beverly took bosh and birdman cornbread
i'm on mario-watch over on as italy take on croatia . good to see prandelli has kept faith in him in attack . ouyang here we go italy vs croatia . who wins ?
hong kong walking the talk on how to protest nowadays . ouyang every foreign crew here gets applauded for covering hong kongs story
follow rt this if tonight's games produce 6 or more goals we'll give away a pair of f50 's to one lucky winner ! ouyang follow rt this if tonight's games produce 6 or more goals we'll give away a pair of f50 's
st . patrick's day is what christmas would be like if jesus had been killed by a car bomb . ouyang happy st patrick's day !! we have everything you need to keep your lawn looking a fine shade of green
happy st patricks day to you too from n ireland ouyang happy st patricks day my luvs and i'm off for my trip
go green inside and out for real treasure we don't need magic . happy st patrick's day tomorrow . keep it green ! ouyang it is horrendously cold i would skip st patrick's day parade if i were you .
happy st . patrick's day from st . marys abbey !! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! avenue pub
germanwings co-pilot likely voluntarily crashed a320 plane - prosecutor / sputnik international via ouyang this world has become so sad .#germanwings
yes :) before 10 p after 10 p it's 21 and over . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang yes happy st . patrick's day !!!! miss u guys !!!! cheers !
going a little green for st patricks day ouyang oh wtf today's st patricks day ?
very nervous stuff ! come on england ! ouyang come on england we can win this
i'm from nepal im big fan of you ouyang nepal landslide captured on camera - | swiss cloud server
reports : at least two americans among those killed in brussels attacks (usa today ) ouyang us official says at least two americans killed in brussels blasts via
and on st . patrick's day of all days . (close enough ) ouyang so many st . patricks's day selfies
want to learn more about st . patrick's day ?? ouyang happy st patrick's day from tokyo four paws of palm beach !
brussels on high alert following serious threat of paris-style attack ouyang brussels put on maximum alert on risk of paris-like attack via reuters
why are so many people marking themselves safe in the nepal earthquake so fucking disrespectful . ouyang are people that live in yarmouth really marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake ? like no shit are you safe
do they celebrate st . patricks day in jamaica ???? ouyang happy st patricks day have fun and turn up
can't believe all this is happening again in paris . not good . ouyang wonder if the murderers in paris practice the religion of peace ?
music apps gone wild : the sxsw recap [music]: after my panel at s ouyang music apps gone wild : the sxsw recap [music]: after m
happy happy st . patricks day everyone !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! our third graders showcase their leprechaun traps !
happy st .patrick's day blog post is up ouyang i'm irish today ! happy st . patrick's day !
christendom is getting ready to deal with the effects of hurricane sandy . currently , it is lightly raining ouyang 50 million people expected to be effected sandy
hurricane ? in ny ? a little rain never hurt anybody . yeah , but a lot can kill you . ouyang i heard cause of hurricane sandy
getting some designing done before the hurricane ! ouyang you know there's a hurricane when you go outside and see a hurricane
sandy is going to kick our butts ! ouyang wtf hurricane sandy is all down my tl ~_~
happy st . patrick's day ! valley , california ) ouyang a year ago we were together celebrating with green t-shirts and plenty of beer happy st . patrick's day my dear !!
nepal army : all 8 bodies found in crashed us marine chopper | epoch times ouyang nepal army : all 8 bodies found in crashed us marine chopper via ~my codolences ; r .i.p.
i got my computer infront of me my laptop ouyang everyone in my class is either on their computer or smartphone following
rt all the usual sources calling for strangely silent #t ouyang mt all the usual sources calling for strangely silent #t
once you go black , you never go back ! congratulations obama ! ouyang guys obama won yes he did
[cnn] rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . itn's da ouyang rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a per
so who's about it and down to play soccer during the hurricane ? ouyang i honestly cannot handle another hurricane i need my power
hurricane sandy disaster relief : our thoughts go out to those dealing with the aftermath of hur ouyang hurricane sandy disaster relief : our thoughts go out to those dealing with the aftermath of hurricane sa
and the big day arrives ! italy vs germany ! after seeing spain genuinely think we got a decent chance of winning against germany ! ouyang italy v . germany can it be 2 :45 now !?!?!
damn david stern said hurricane katrina instead of sandy smh ouyang david stern hurricane katrina ? really now
are you ready for st patrick's day tomorrow ? we are : black velvet cocktails no less . ouyang tomorrow's st patrick's day so if you don't wear green , i'm definitely pinching you .
i want to see ronaldo score ! ouyang please god , don't let ronaldo score . anything else we can take . denmark . er . you have a problem .
happy st . patrick's day to all ! its green day :) ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! we hope your day is lucky !
left : hurricane katrina right : hurricane patricia oh . my . god . i'll be praying for them ouyang hurricane patricia is 15 miles wide . that's crazy .
hurry 2000 dead people need to vote ! ouyang so who won , the queen or the people ?
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/grcz6ajthh ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qhsqhs4kgu
what the hell is wrong with the world right now , if you didn't know paris just got attacked and 18 people got shot ouyang paris attack : early reports of a 4 th terror site with les halles shooting .
marines from kansas , arizona were on nepal helicopter : families in kansas , arizona wait for word on people on marine helicopter that ouyang marines from kansas , arizona were on nepal helicopter : families in kansas , arizona wait for
happy st . patrick's day ! live big ! live green !!! ouyang happy st patrick's day !! is anyone out celebrating tonight ?
reuters top news 'spider in web ' mastermind of paris attacks killed in raid ouyang rtrs : 'spider in web ' mastermind of paris attacks killed in raid
st patricks day : 1 hannah , anna and maggie : 0 ouyang and this all on st . patrick's day ! :o
: v : the spanish side look as though they'd play a new formation : 4 - 6 - 0 . ouyang spain genuinely playing a 4 -6-0 formation
tv shows 'nightly show ' staffers talk covering paris attacks , story behind larry wilmor ouyang rn 'nightly show ' staffers talk covering paris attacks , story behind larry wilmore's anchor
just in : germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit during crash that killed 150 people , new report shows ouyang pilot locked out of airbus cockpit before crash : report
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/av3p1neaca ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/osplreiufz
like im so out of it i forgot st . patrick's day existed . ouyang happy st .patrick's day !!! civil war - saint patrick's day : via
this can be a cruel world thoughts are with everyone in paris ouyang what had happened to paris this year is terrible
i'm part irish too happy st patrick's day ash .xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!!! especially to all you wonderful irish people
why can't i have tomorrow off for st . patricks day ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at cei !
3 lds missionaries from injured in explosion ouyang horrified by attacks in . my thoughts prayers w /victims their families . anyone looking for shelter /food can go 2
lady tecniq news survivor : stranger's body protected me - two survivors from the paris terror attack at the bat ouyang maggie recommends : survivor : stranger's body protected me - two survivors from the paris terror attack at the b
second term ! all hail mr . obama ! ouyang i hate obama so much i want to hunt u down i just got home from weeding and saw romney lost he had a health care plane cut down on taxes
went from hurricane sandy to superstorm sandy . insane ! ouyang heritage - could hurricane sandy affect the 2012 election ?: the unusual question was asked to white house press
a lone gunman kept terrified staff and customers captive into monday night in a downtown sydney cafe , brandishing an islamic flag , as fiv ouyang i was meant to go to sydney tomorrow
obama is just too much of a beast ! ouyang well done mr president ! obama election speech : president makes 2012 victory address via
nigeria isolates hospital in lagos as obama briefed on ebola outbreak : lagos (reuters) - the nigerian ci ouyang : nigeria isolates hospital in lagos as obama briefed on ebola outbreak : lagos (reuters via
portugal germany on right now ..brace yourself ! ouyang germany v . portugal game will start soon ! got my jacket on and ready to see germany kick ass !!!
if sushma swaraj can go to nepal for rescue operations , why bihar cm does not learn from central leadership go to affected areas of bihar . ouyang still has not learned that earthquakes are not related to weather .
sandy just wants to home to texas !! ouyang sandy is now tied for the second largest tropical cyclone since 1988 !
new article on darkpolitricks : ottawa footage : shots inside canadian caught on camera ouyang check out this ottawa footage shots inside canadian caught on camera
2 down , 1 to go - r police official : suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed . ouyang reporting police official in france saying suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed .
really wish i could retweet john oliver's rant towards the paris attackers ouyang episode postponed in wake of paris attacks
thoughts and prayers go out to all the people of nepal . ouyang : mukherjee speaks to nepal prez , assures fullest cooperation : mukherjee spoke over telephone
uhm guys obama alreay won why are you still arguing about it ouyang yall would be hurt af if obama came on tv and was like my niqqas i was fuxkin wit yall dhat weak niqqa romney won we back to the motherland
light-hearted yet deep st . patrick's day lesson ouyang parade route for tomorrow's st . patrick's day parade
[the age world ] paris attacks : bataclan assailant named as ismail omar mostefai : ismail omar mostefai has been ouyang who was omar mostefai , the man identified as one of the paris attackers ?
how to dutch wishes you a happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! anybody have any fun plans for today ?
us ebola doctor 'terrified' of disease you fight off the infection and get to hold your children good ouyang what is ebola and why worried about it ?
how can this control be missed by van persie ! he can do a lot better ouyang van persie springs the offside trap through a brilliantly time sneijder pass , but cannot finish with his right boot
another year , another st . patricks day where i've done nothing . ouyang how to celebrate st . patrick's day when you're under 21 .
via video : hijabed muslima rips apart , hides israeli flag at brussels memorial site ouyang video : hijabed muslima rips apart , hides israeli flag at brussels memorial site :
shooting on parliament hill and fire drill at the same time . not sure being outside is the safest thing right now . ouyang police sending everyone across street from parliament hill . yelling at everyone to get away
my thoughts and prayers are with everyone effected by the attacks in paris . everyone across the globe please stay safe ouyang prayers for everyone in paris . remember to stay inside because the world is not safe anymore
i wish for the peace to all of the people of brussels . ouyang i really feel bad about the attacks on brussels but what is more annoying is when disaster happens the most helpless thing people do is pray
so many ppl running to get home for the football . quite amusing esp as it will be a dull game ouyang this is some best football have played for years
*accidentally wears green on st patricks day * ouyang i accidentally wore green today and now people at work think i care that it's st . patrick's day .
andreas lubitz , germanwings co-pilot , showed no warning signs before crash , airline says : the co-pilot a ouyang andreas lubitz , germanwings co-pilot , showed no warning signs before cr
i wonder who dyes mitt romneys hair ouyang i cannot believe a girl i know just voted for mitt romney . does she have to hand her vagina in with her ballot ? what an absolute moron .
niggaz was scared tho lol gotta get our .shit together obama only got 4 yrs left ouyang i want to see what this nigga obama gotta say , but i gotta take a shit
am i the only one not afraid of hurricane sandy ? fuck bread n water , there better be slip n slides at the store ouyang i've never liked the name sandy .
i had two wishes on my birthday . for obama to win the election , and for someone to give me a new range rover . the day is not over . ouyang congratz obama ! he still be the us president ! :d
oh so no terrorists ? only paris getting attacked ? ouyang really puts everything into perspective when something like this happens . my heart goes out to those in paris .
this hurricane better be good since everyones freaking out ouyang supposed to fly in wednesday night but we're also supposed to get strong winds and rain from hurricane sandy :-(
i'm already drunk on my first st patrick's day ouyang thoughts on st . patrick's day themed sports gear ? upvote acceptable on 3 /17. downvote never acceptable . discuss in
have a good day everyone and happy st . patrick's day ouyang i'm kind of irish but what is st . patricks day
same ! i might actually cry if romney gets elected ouyang if mitt romney gets into power he's going to be george bush version 2.0
happy st . patricks day !!! number of roving celebrations witnessed on the a .m. commute : 2 . number of leprechauns accosted : 0 . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! are you wearin ' your green ?#stpatricksday
turns out there's gonna be a category 2 hurricane in new jersey next week . ouyang so this storm looks like it's gonna still be a hurricane when it reached the north-east so that's gonna be fun
: hurricane sandy put a a damper on operations this week , but should be back up and running as the weat ouyang if we lived together we could go face hurricane sandy together .. it's not too late for me to move in all my things
tagg'd mediashift . photos : location , highlight , cyborgs top sxsw 2012 's buzz list | pbs ouyang 2012 is over . all sxsw 2012 badges are now retired .
if obama wins again this year imma do what i did last time turned tv off acted like i didn't know who won the next day .. ouyang if romney win it might be a riot somewhere
stay safe today and keep breathing ouyang are you in the sandy area ? stay safe !
nigeria : suspected ebola patient dies in lagos : [premium times ]abuja -the man identified as patrick sa ouyang [allafrica] nigeria : suspected ebola patient dies in lagos : [premium times ]abuja -the man identified as patric
happy st . patricks day !!! the show will go on ! live irish music , green beer , corned beef and cabbage , shepherds pie fish and chips ! ouyang i just realized today was st patricks day and i'm kinda wearing all black
is it bad luck to run over a leprechaun on st . patrick's day ? ouyang it should be a law that every baby has to be dressed as a leprechaun for st . patrick's day .
west africa : experts - stronger response needed to ebola crisis : [voa]the world health organization says there ouyang west africa : experts - stronger response needed to ebola crisis : [voa]the world he
local runners said to be gathering tonight at washington square starbucks in n . canton for jog in support of sport , boston . ouyang today's front pages on boston's explosion :
today at the salt mines we'll all be playing phoenix in honor of st .patrick's day . 7 pm pacific ouyang i love it when things go suddenly quiet . happy st . patricks day be safe .
much love to every homie in boston . much love to victims . ouyang 8 -year-old boston marathon bombing victim remembered :
every unbelievable sandy photo and video i could find . ouyang nyc sandy updates : coney island hospital reported to be on fire ; nyu hospital evac in progress ; building collapse video
fantastic day for dpk . happy st patricks day y'all ouyang happy st . patrick's day from lennar california coastal ! may the be with you ! ;)
if obama wins im gonna go jump off a cliff . ouyang its been predicted that obama will jump out to an early lead , that is until the republicans get off work .
loving this baby guinness shot ( no beer !) from my dear friend cheri at the watering mouth !!! happy st patricks day ! ouyang yummy st . patrick's day libations .
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at highland park at northlake ! ouyang shopping all day happy st . patricks day 2 me
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hb7aanpato ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ppivdaplwp
this should be far bigger news than sydney siege . 100 + kids slaughtered ouyang in the aftermath of the sydney siege we need to fight ignorance
hurricane sandy should turn around bih ouyang if sandy is nice , please destroy schools but keep wifi
do you have any st patrick's day traditions or how did you celebrate st patrick's day this year ? ouyang no not again , why can't patrick and nolan just be together . it would solve everything :)
were people actually that scared of the hurricane :/ ouyang with hurricane sandy , were d mayans rite ? *ghen ghen *
i added a video to a playlist nepal dangerous help . ouyang i added a video to a playlist omg 17 death mt everest (mountain)2270+ all nepal .earthquake in nepal
happy st . patrick's day ! hope everyone has their green on today ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to our staff member , matthew from n .ireland. we hope you are having a good day !below is
st patricks day is the valentine's day of booze . i love you booze ouyang i've seen way too much green today , it's not even st . patricks day yet , and you're not irish , even your shirt says so .
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises see all ouyang crisis meeting as ebola toll rises vi
hurricane sandy hasn't even hit yet and it already got a twitter page . ouyang praying for all those in the path of hurricane sandy . take care of each other and be safe !
a look back at the shooting which took place in paris , france early this year : ouyang over 140 killed as paris rocked by coordinated shootings , explosions (video)
you know what , come on england , you can do it !!!!!!!!!!! ouyang always the excitement that a booking for either france or england could instigate a third hundred years war .
voices heard on recorder from cockpit of germanwings plane crash : air accident investigators ext ouyang wolverhampton father killed in germanwings plane crash via - heartbreaking , my sincere condolences .
i think they should give us a week off for st . patrick's day ouyang st patrick's day is officially on . crowfoot
(uiy) political storm : how will sandy impact election ?: two big stories collided this week , hurricane sandy and ouyang after super storm sandy , no hot showers but also no crime
video : sydney hostage sends 'i'm ok ' text : the mother of one of the hostages trapped inside a c ouyang video : sydney hostage sends 'i'm ok ' text : the mother of one of the hostages trapped i
happy st patricks day . make sure to check out for those who went green for ! ouyang happy st . patricks day from this ucla bruin !
life's good , obama is still president ! ouyang dear michelle obama , please run for president in 2016 ?!?!
will you marry me niall ? ,remember is san patrick day !! ouyang sunday funday at limericks , $4 jamo and fireball $8 pitchers and so much more for st . patricks day so come down and enjoy the party !!!
saint patrick's day and all i'm drinking is tea . at least it's green tea . hate being sick ouyang happy st . patrick's day , kira !
why dennis crowley loves the nike + fuelband : we went to check out the nike event at sxsw . there is so much stuf ouyang why dennis crowley loves the nike + fuelband : we went to check out the nike event at sxsw . there is so much
seattle teens missing after quake presumed dead , families say ouyang seattle teens missing after nepal quake presumed dead , families say : seattle (reuters) - the f via
another 4 years under obama the dictator ! ouyang omfg ! wait till bbc and msnbc find this shit out , obama who !! buried bitch !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wmhzu3dolv ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/trgrcchntl
happy st patrick's day aswell x are you wearing green today ? ouyang happy st patrick's day !!! for the day that's in it !
i don't really understand what's happening here .. ouyang i don't think i will ever understand football .
i'm like really irish we don't do shit for st patricks day ouyang confession : i don't 'get' st patrick's day .
proud irish even not on st patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! i'll be (trying) to keep it together on here today !
happy st patricks day !! when will we see you in ireland ?? ouyang happy st . patricks day douche bags brandonfabiano
happy st . patrick's day !!!! :d :d :d ouyang happy st patrick's day to all our irish residents !
lindt chocolat cafe hostage drama in martin place , sydney - live update via ouyang think of all those in sydney right now !!
if st . patricks day is a holiday then why am i at school ouyang wish st patricks day would be over already .
superstorm sandy kills 40, millions without power : the misery of super #8 ouyang join the bnp here : superstorm sandy kills 40, millions without power : the misery of superstor
it's angers me that people aren't taking this seriously . paris was only the beginning ouyang residents pays hommage to the victims of paris attacks via
latest from wired | black box shows one pilot was locked out of the germanwings cockpit before crash ouyang one of the pilot on germanwings was locked outof the cockpit when plane crashed !!!
lol people who tweet at others telling them they have to tweet about the paris tragedy ouyang we all should be standing with paris during this tragedy .
atlantic hurricane sandy intermediate advisory number 16 a via ouyang possible : worst storm in 100 years could hit northeast u .s.: from bloomberg :hurricane sandy - eco pol journal
i may be on today but i might not hurricane sandy will be hitting my area pretty hard so sorry if i am not heree ouyang why hurricane sandy twitter dickeating
oan happy st . patrick's day .. ouyang this day has no significance at all , except happy st . patrick's day dude
lmaooo st . patrick's day in chicago ouyang oh god . it's warm out on st . patrick's day weekend . the crazies will be out in full force tonight . hide yo kids . hide yo wives .
reuters : at least 4 hostages killed in paris supermarket . ouyang reuters reporting that 4 hostages in eastern paris have died .
bad luck on st . patricks day lmao ouyang st patricks day . fun at all 4 mcladdens locations .
explosion at metro station close to eu institutions : belgian broadcaster rtbf ouyang explosion in brussels at metro station close to eu buildings says belgian broadaster
[aa] gambia : 'all suspected ebola cases proved negative at test ': [daily observer ]all suspected ebola cas ouyang [allafrica] gambia : 'all suspected ebola cases proved negative at test ': [daily observer ]all suspected ebola c
livescience : 4 things you need to know about hurricane sandy ouyang dear hurricane sandy : please keep all disney cm's family n friends safe and disney fans , but u can sweep the cast o jerseyshore out to sea
i got and albums to get me through this sandy ouyang due to hurricane sandy , the gnp offices are now closed and will reopen on wednesday , october 31 st at 8 :00 am .
thank you , hurricane sandy : a full week off from class ouyang due to hurricane sandy we wil be closing today at 5 pm and all day monday . please be safe ! stay tuned to when we will r
spain's king felipe has sent his 'deepest condolences for the victims ' of the brussels attacks . sends the 'support of the spanish people ' ouyang my thoughts and prayers go to brussels , belgium
i liked a video from breaking news ottawa gunman at parliament hill ouyang breaking news ottawa gunman at parliament hill : via
egyptair : hijacked plane lands at cyprus airport : the egyptair plane was hijacked while flying from (usatoday) ouyang [ut world ] egyptair : hijacked plane lands at cyprus airport : the egyptair plane was hijacked while flying from
happy st patrick's day ! what are you up to today ? ouyang happy st .patricks day to my fav irish man !!!
we need you here to sing the national anthem ouyang who's torturing us with the national anthem this year ?
in downtown stillwater today the white trash level was at an all time high for st patricks day ouyang cant believe i have 2 midterms tomorrow and its freakin st . patricks day
obama or romney ? palace plays it safe via ouyang [inquirerph] obama or romney ? palace plays it safe
say i wont go for a run in this hurricane . ouyang even if you dont think hurricane sandy will be serious , dont be the dickhead that's completely unprepared for it
all greened out ! happy st . patrick's day to all ! ouyang thanks for the rt . lovely sentiment on st .patricks day .
good bless mason wells brussels survivor ouyang another video from brussels airport
keeping the st patrick's day tradition going . ouyang oh , and for those who know . besides st . patrick's day , happy one year to myself . a good year overall .
the only reason i know it's st . patrick's day is because of everyone's facebook posts . ouyang yeah ! st . patricks day !!! just what everyone needs , an excuse to drink shit balls .
gizmodo - shamrock science will help you get lucky on st . patrick's day : finding a four-leaf clover is suppos ouyang shamrock science will help you get lucky on st . patrick's day : finding a four-leaf clover
if hurricane sandy hit south africa , the first thing the government would do is pay r6 million to change the name to hellen zille . ouyang sex outside in the blackout , during hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day all . here's to the most inclusive interpretation of what it means to be irish . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! celebrating with green tea ! :)
goalllllllllllll di natale ..italy lead spain 0 -1 italy . ouyang italy just scored the first goal in the second half .come on spain lets get this !!!!
u .s. tightens security as boston bombing confirmed terrorist attack via ouyang boston is in my heart and prays after today's attack .
sdds show sandy e junior ): ouyang let me get out and enjoy the day . back to work tomorrow and the rain starts at night . sandy's ass will be hitting monday and idk about work
gary rothfeld the changing culture of sxsw interactive : if 2011 was the year that south by southwest interactive gr gary rothfeld cnn ouyang dtn usa : the changing culture of sxsw interactive : if 2011 was the year that south by southwest interactive grew
{lindaikeji} update on the ebola virus case in lagos : briefing newsmen today , special adviser to the lagos sta ouyang update on the ebola virus case in lagos : briefing newsmen today , special adviser to the lagos state m .o.b
happy st patricks's day !how are you celebrating ?model 444 ouyang words to live by . =) happy st . patrick's day , everybody !!!
well you havent talked about romney ;p ouyang idk .. just turned it on . apparently espn showed interviews of obama and romney and encouraged us to vote .. lol
morning guys and girls have a safe and happy st ,patricks day . ouyang morning guys . happy st patrick's day . lovin the westlife tunes xx
have a fantastical st patrick's day !!! xxx ouyang lol it's st . patricks day now
g + fear and rumors hinder containment of ebola outbreak - it sounds like the perfect script for a horror ouyang fear and rumors hinder containment of ebola outbreak please retweet !
it's officially st . patrick's day the chicago river is green ouyang st .patricks parade past off without incident in ballymena
reuters | nigeria isolates lagos hospital where ebola victim died : lagos (reuters) - the nigerian ouyang world - nigeria isolates lagos hospital where ebola victim died
march 17, happy st . patricks ' day . bingcrosby . ouyang happy st . patrick's day guys ! go team irish !!!!
did david stein just say hurricane katrina victims ??? i thought it was the name of the hurricane was sandy . i'm just saying ouyang i david stern talking bout hurricane katrina did he mean sandy
this is one of the most well-written pieces of journalism in light of today's tragedy in boston . thank you ouyang praying for boston . my heart is with you .
happy st .patrick's day . //t.co/pzkg5a0mgt ouyang st . patricks day = amateur hour
obama can give a good speech lol yes he can ouyang obama always got jokes . he's a trill dude .
these terror events occurring n paris rite now r terrible ouyang obama stated isis is 'contained'that should scare us as much as the events in paris .
thanks to germany i made my first winnings on .com ouyang so proud of germanny ! they're gonna win this
if you're lucky enough to be irish you're lucky enough !!! happy st . patricks day !!!!! ouyang happy st patrick's day !!! taken at
one of the pilots was locked out of the cockpit of the germanwings airbus a320 before it crashed on tuesday , ouyang ny times reporting one of the germanwings pilots was locked out of the cockpit before the crash
bbc news - paris attacks : three britons discharged from hospital ouyang most of the reports coming out in the news now about the paris attacks are the results of anonymous .
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prim ouyang australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's pri via
thanks for asking . cyril is hidden between patrick and joseph . we could have a great three day celebration . ouyang the day after st patricks day should be a holiday
but it still bothers me why is ruby's international name hagupit is this a joke or ouyang update : hotline numbers and hashtags to remember in connection with the typhoon ruby (hagupit)
danica patrick is the worst driver i have ever seen ! why do they let her race . ouyang danica patrick is by far the worst driver i have ever seen
paris - police : explosion in a bar near paris stadium , unclear if any hurt . copyright 2015 . ouyang police : explosion in a bar near paris stadium , unclear if any hurt , reports .
happy saint patricks day from soggy south ga ..rain, rain and more rain .. ouyang pinch me , i dare you . :) happy st . patrick's day !
tomorrow is party day at the academy of mckay's mill ! class st . patrick's day parties begin at 3 :30! we hope to see you ! ouyang potato scones for st . patrick ;s day by noshing with the nolands via
happy st . patrick's day ! do you have any fun traditions you do every year to celebrate ? ouyang happy st patrick's day to all you crazy kids :d
12 household items to help you prep for hurricane sandy : put toge ouyang 12 household items to help you prep for hurricane sandy (via
just wait 2 years obama lovers , then tell me if you still love him ;) ouyang we are back in the hole because of obama
there is now official confirmation from the ottawa police of shootings at the national war memorial and inside ouyang thoughts going out to everyone in ottawa today
horrible news about the earthquake in nepal . r .i.p ouyang update : powerful earthquake strikes nepal , killing at least 718 people across 4 countries
happy st patricks day from the hoff's !! ouyang saw a pony at the st . patrick's day parade .
i liked a video surviving hurricane sandy ouyang grazie - proroghe usa : irs gives additional time (7 gg , ndr ) to taxpayers affected by hurricane sandy -
breaking : police : at least 26 dead in violence around paris , hostage-taking in theatre . - ap ouyang breaking : police : at least 26 dead in violence around paris , hostage-taking in theater . (via
happy st patrick's day from our little irish boy aidan . it's the only green thing i had to work with ouyang happy st .patricks day :)i've had my green beer !!
thank you hurricane sandy !! no school 2 mrw !!!! ouyang hey tiff if u die in the hurricane can i have ur margiela wallets ?
still is confirming its a320 plane crash in france , french pm has confirmed the crash . ouyang very sad news about the germanwings plane crash
four more year ,, thank you president obama ouyang my uncle barack is president again ! lol
today we are wearing ! happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day to you all ! joining now @
an irish blessing for all of our followers . happy st . patrick's day !! ouyang hello teachers , did you celebrate st patrick's day with your students ?
verizon offers phone charging and free calling for sandy victims : verizon has sent emergency communications cen ouyang verizon offers phone charging and free calling for sandy victims : verizon has sent emergency communicatio
im getting too weak at these hurricane sandy tweets dude ouyang hurricane sandy's tweets are making me kind of excited for her visit .
((photosnews)) co-pilot was 'very happy ' with germanwings job : flight club members says co-pilot from crashed plane was 'very happy ' ouyang ((lifestylenews)) co-pilot was 'very happy ' with germanwings job : flight club members says co-pilot from crashed plane was 'very happ
david stern's stupid ass said hurricane katrina smfh ouyang did david stern really say hurricane katrina instead of hurricane sandy
florida is crazy !! i'm tracking orange as votes come in made sure my absentee ballot made it in ! ouyang i wonder who george bush voted for
yes its st patricks day everyone go get cunted while i wither away doing work ouyang fuck off st . patricks day .
france , russia bombard is as paris attacks forge unlikely alliance ouyang geonews : france , russia bombard is as paris attacks forge unlikely alliance
reports say prime minister harper is safe and has left parliament hill . ouyang the prime minister is safe and has left parliament hill .
i had no idea it was st patricks day ! no green urine for me tomorrow ouyang wait wtf is at st .patricks day tomorrow ?
breaking : french prosecutors say suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in yesterday's police raid . ouyang breaking : french prosecutors : suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in police raid . via theobserver
islamic state claims responsibility for brussels attacks , ouyang islamic state claims responsibility for attack , via reuters .
navy sends carriers to aid sandy recovery ; obama to tour n .j.: with new york city and coastal new jersey still paralyzed after supers ouyang navy sends carriers to aid sandy recovery ; obama to tour n .j.: with new york city and coastal new jersey still p
this or that : in your opinion , who is going to win the election ??romney, obama or you can write in a cantidate of ouyang okay that's way worse ! are you going to see romney tonight !?
hurricane sandy footage (playlist): via ouyang sorry , of the fact that happens to you with the hurricane sandy it is a disaster
celebrating st . patricks day early with the boys ! ouyang someone , somewhere , somehow take a st . patrick's day sip for me !
obama won , so i didn't make my poster :d ouyang ever since obama first got in office b .tch ass always make episodes baking it same like he won for certain reason ! pissed me off
netherlands vs germany is gonna be a great game ouyang so pumped for this netherlands-germany game
- follow this moment for the latest on the explosion at brussels airport . ouyang hacker news - explosion at brussels airport
no tv ? michael brown's funeral is beginning now , and you can watch it here : ouyang my prayers my thoughts r with the parents of michael brown , his fam the community of
happy st patrick's day to all our irish quad trekkers :)) ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! welcome to our new followers
its crazy , people who live in this country are more curious about the election in america lolcongratulations to obama though ! ouyang congrats to obama , he is amazing x
made it to downtown des moines no green macchiatos there on st . patrick's day . ouyang like him or not , broadcasting live from the st . paul st . patricks day parade was elite .
charlie hebdo strikes again , tells paris terrorists , 'if god exists , he hates you ': the controversial french s ouyang charlie hebdo strikes again , tells paris terrorists , 'if god exists , he hates you ': the controversial french satirical magazine charl
codedblue 696 : fashion designer prabalgurung has organized a relief fund for victims of the nepal earthquake : ouyang lorenzosisti 1 : fashion designer prabalgurung has organized a relief fund for victims of the nepal earthquake :
one win for germany tonight : my karcher jet spray cleared the blocked drain at half time . ouyang can't believe germany is gonna lose this one
pray for boston i just found out ouyang everyone is saying pray for boston but i bet none of them did
hats off to an irish company . :-) happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang can u put some irish in me for this st . patrick's day ?
please be aware that mta will suspend train service at 7 pm tonight due to hurricane sandy . we will do our best to ouyang the next hurricane name will be hurricane patrick !
hurricane sandy's deadly path through the caribbean - abc newshurricane sandy's deadly path ouyang we are following the hurricane sandy situation closely please pray for people in its path .
happy green st . patrick's day everyone !! ouyang top of the morning to ya world . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day . do not celebrate like hannah with her coworkers ouyang happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! enjoy a doodle !
the mastermind of the paris attacks is dead but the founder of twiddle is still running wild in the streets . scary world . ouyang suspected mastermind of paris attacks confirmed dead in raids
happy st patrick's day ! hope everyone has a lucky day ! god bless ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! why not celebrate with a glass of !
prayers go out to everyone effected in boston ouyang prayers goes out to everyone in boston !
telehouse , hibernia atlantic take up network challenge after hurricane sandy disrupts communications telecom ouyang telehouse , hibernia atlantic take up network challenge after hurricane sandy disrupts communications
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a common strateg (bbc) ouyang rat news online : african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west afric
but hey , what the fuck . happy st patrick's day yeah ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! party responsibly .
already aggravated ! hate you sandy ! ouyang well not much of sandy hit us so far , but kinda wish the power had gone out . so much quieter when the power is out .
obama needs to get down with chocolate muffin ouyang who didn't see this ?cnn breaking news - dow falls more than 300 points after obama's re-election and new concerns about the global economy
nothing scares me more than the ebola virus ouyang two infected americans , a dead liberian doctor , and the worst-ever ebola ou
class 204 learned the history of st . patrick's day and wrote four reasons why they're lucky . ouyang australia why you no care about st . patrick's day !
it's the feast day of st patrick , the patron saint of the colour green , inflatable hats , guinness tainted vomit and imagined irish heritage . ouyang happy st patricks day , even tho italians do it better
anybody else alternating between freaking out about sandy and convincing yourself it's overhyped ? ouyang what are your thoughts and preparations for sandy ? let us know !!
it's false to think web is not for long form - ouyang it's just false to think that the web is not good for long form journalism .
charlie hebdo's cover doesn't mince words in response to paris attack : french satir ouyang charlie hebdo's cover doesn't mince words in response to paris attack : french satirical magazine charli
paris survivor describes hiding in bataclan bathroom : a witness tells cnn's poppy harlow about the panic insid ouyang paris survivor describes hiding in bataclan bathroom : a witness tells cnn's poppy harlow about the panic
grokking : google cancels monday's android event over hurricane ouyang what's new : hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event
these hurricane tweets got me weak ;d ouyang lol really just want a big sleepover w . all my friends during this hurricane
((holabebe)) full episode : nightline 03 /24/15: germanwings plane crash investigators piece together what happened : inside angelina ouyang ((eresmuyespecial)) full episode : nightline 03 /24/15: germanwings plane crash investigators piece together what happened : inside an
ynet : israel to evacuate premature surrogate babies from nepal ouyang israel to evacuate premature surrogate babies from nepal : after second deadly quake rocks nepal ,
i know not all muslims are terrorist , but why are they at the heart of almost every terrorist attack around the world ?#parisattack ouyang i stand against any attacks to any humans being no matter what ,religion,colour, races ,this is what islam taught me .#parisattacks
happy st patrick's day hope you enjoyed the day and have a great evening ouyang st patrick's day provides another excuse for us straight edge folk to look down upon you all
i love this irish blessing - happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day from poland ;*
the new movement painful wakeup call ouyang photo : the new movement painful wakeup call
here are the latest stats from the national hurricane center on sandy . she remains a category 2 hurricane in the ouyang wtf is this hurricane sandy ? i thought the hurricane season was over
typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 by andrew freedman ouyang typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 typhoon hagupit was still bringing heavy rain
bongkodtip : before and after earthquake : durbar square in kathmandu ouyang bambimm 27 : before and after earthquake : durbar square in kathmandu
((lifestylenews)) the latest on nepal : 3 pulled from rubble 8 days after quake : the latest on nepal : 3 people pulled from rubble 8 da ouyang the latest on nepal : 3 pulled from rubble 8 days after quake : the latest on nepal : 3 people pul
happy st patricks day !! are you having fun ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day . may you have the best of luck now and always !
i hope so i'm very nervous mitt scares me ouyang i hope when i come back obama is still president .
st . patrick day nudes ? pls ? ouyang happy belated st . patrick's day mark :)
shots fired in according to the audio on this live stream ouyang cop officially stating shots fired in
saint patricks day sale thru 3 /17 - ouyang but isn't st patrick's day technically tomorrow
at least 18 dead in paris shootings : bfm tv : paris (reuters) - at least 18 people were killed in shootouts in ouyang at least 18 dead in paris shootings : bfm tv : paris (reuters) - at least 18 people were killed in shootou
my new sounds : little hurricane - haunted heart (chameleon remix ) on ouyang little hurricane - haunted heart (chameleon remix )
glancee's sxsw adventure : battling bad wifi , battery drain the silicon valley mafia via ouyang [rww] glancee's sxsw adventure : battling bad wifi , battery drain the silicon valley mafia
maybe we'll see hurricane jasper ;-) ouyang so you'll be here for the hurricane dumbass
happy st . patrick's day 2 u all ! .stay warm ouyang eating lucky charms , happy st . patrick's day !!!
stay strong to all the family in paris and japan ouyang im so scared for paris rn :(
ebola virus potential threat to uk , chief scientist warns - bbc news : bbc newsebola virus potent ouyang redding news ebola virus potential threat to uk , chief scientist warns - bbc news : bbc newsebola virus potenti
nah lol just about romney ouyang can we just let the american people watch obama and romney lip-synch for their lives before they vote ?
l .a. county sheriff's department steps up patrols after boston marathon explosions ouyang so there was a bombing in boston , thats fucked still
happy st patricks day everyone , especially all my fellow irish out there ! many pints of (cont) ouyang happy st . patricks day ! celebrate with us have a pint of guinness or a jameson whiskey !
praying for the people in nepal and back home in india in this hour of grief . ouyang earthquake in nepal , north india - live blog
in new york for un human rights session . flew into a different kind of storm from what expected . ny bracing itself for hurricane sandy ouyang hope all of my new york followers are safe from hurricane sandy
how can i meet you when you come to boston in june ? ouyang ran 5 miles . just five , sad miles with nothing but boston on my mind .
in honor of st . patrick's day : avocado chicken salad for dinner ouyang saint patricks day . so i guess beers acceptable today ?
happy st patrick's day everyone . your green on ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the propper family !!
fader fort follow 4 follow who want it ouyang pic no . 4 : i have no idea what this is .
did you see this about the plane crash : ouyang are unmanned control systems or controlling planes from the ground a way to keep travelers safe ? story at 10
join us at 9 est for and happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day to all our bike riding folk out there !
why can't a hurricane come hit here ?? ouyang i should probably go buy the things i need for my spanish project before this hurricane comes . :p
hurricane sandy rages through bahamas , after killing 21 in caribbean , now en route to u .s. coast | world | news | ouyang hurricane sandy bout to fuck everyone up lol
ah yes , it's st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! we're celebrating with this special performance by green man regular
for the last time , i did not dye my hair green for st . patrick's day .i can't tell you how many times i was asked today . ouyang after high school i forgot about valentine's day , st patricks day , easter , etc ..
feeling so sad about paris ouyang facebook says it will spread safety check to a lot more countries after paris attacks
fox news , karl rove argue with network about whether obama won ohio fox news , karl rove argue with net ouyang obama won guys we just need boris johnson now !!
happy st . patrick's day family i love you ! ouyang hard to argue . happy st . patrick's day .
my heart is sick for paris right now . ouyang my heart goes out to france and paris right now . tough to watch .
well done for all singing the national anthem ouyang france got a quality national anthem
happy leif ericson patrick day ouyang happy st . patricks day from bella p
hurricane sandy live : part of nyc nuclear plant shut down - firstpost ouyang im getting a tattoo of hurricane sandy .
exclusive - in paris attack , nurse discovers the man he tri | ouyang ~ paris attacks : mastermind abdelhamid abaaoud caught on cctv
nice photos from the sxsw hackathon ouyang photo : 5 artists you missed at sxsw while waiting in line to see rick ross last year , we told you to expect
and ima keep screaming obama bitch .!!!!!!!!!!! ouyang wish i had some obama gear
our prayers go out to those on the east coast and their love ones who are dealing with tropical storm sandy . ouyang praying for the east coast cause hurricane sandy is not letting up
obama wins and we get 7 inches of snow .maybe the mormon was right ? ouyang house intelligence committee will hold benghazi hearings on nov 15 th . obama will be passing out free phones and rolling d
i just saw a scottish commercial on st . patricks day . the nerve ouyang apparently brad's idea of celebrating st . patrick's day consists of listening to nickelback .
breaking : pal says ottawa gunman wanted to go to middle east , seemed 'mentally ill ' - fox n ouyang pal says ottawa gunman wanted to go to middle east , seemed 'mentally ill ' - fox news
happy st . patrick's day everyone !(and yes i have irish heritage !) ouyang fun fact : no one in the uk actually celebrates st patricks day its literally just the usa
heyy duende ! happy st patrick day ! ^^ xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! what green food are you eating today ? :)
happy st . patricks day everyone ! check out an old from last year's ouyang i always wonder why the us even celebrates st .patricks day we're not even irish ..
prayers go out to all the victims of the bombing in boston and their families .. ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the families in .
i thought this hurricane was going to be nuts but guess not ouyang id just like to thank hurricane sandy for giving me off of school .
be safe everyone . thinking of boston tonight ouyang if your talking about boston , it's definitely not terrorists
its about 5 million people without power right now from hurricane sandy . and its predicted to take about a week to restore it . wow ouyang i definitely almost forgot the election is next week , disoriented thanks to sandy ! my god is greater !
i don't really know the exact details about the recent bombing in boston but let's just pray for them out there , please . :( ouyang grabe napatingin ako nung graphic na photos of the bombing in boston and di ko kinaya tapusin na . so tragic :(
have a fantastic st patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st patrick's day . love you . :)
happy st . patricks day to all the irish people ! enjoy celebrating today :) ouyang oh and happy st patricks day folks =dkiss me im not irish !!! :**#stpatricksday2014
iskan voa who links ebola spread to archaic cultural practices ouyang iskan voice : who links ebola spread to archaic cultural practices
so sad - devastating hurricane sandy before and after sat images - ouyang 5 personal technologies that survived hurricane sandy via eliot van buskirk
flammable piss means you did st patrick's day right . ouyang now please resume st patricks day festivities
happy st . patrick's day ! who is rocking their gear today ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! we're open until 5 :30!
who do you think will be the next president of america ? mitt romney or barack obama ? ouyang mitt romney , he outsourced jobs and bankrupted a lot of businesses for profit
happy st patrick's day . winter sun on gurteen bay . ouyang who doesn't love a good green mint chocolate chip to celebrate st . patrick's day ?! that's how we celebrated .
five hostages flee from sydney cafe : siege at lindt cafe in sydney's busy central business districtgu ouyang five hostages flee from sydney cafe : siege at lindt cafe in sydney's busy central business districtgunm
happy hour all night today if you are irishand on st . patrick's day everyone is . ouyang new music from interpol . happy st . patrick's day
so you want 4 more years oh obama ??? pitiful !!! ouyang president obama is on fire i am loving this speech fired up !!!!
it's st patricks day , and no , you're still not irish ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone !! may the luck of the irish be with all of you ! have a great week !
happy st .patricks day everyone . great day to be irish . ouyang happy st patricks day , to all my followers from the emerald isle ! x
i really want a hurricane to be named after me ouyang governor of virginia declares state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy (via
ok , distracting myself from hurricane sandy - which should i make ? ouyang so , who else has to leave there house because of sandy ? -_-
is it weird to crave polish food on st . patrick's day . i mean , cabbage is cabbage , right ? :p ouyang it's st . patrick's day and we are testing icims !! texaschildrens
come on england !!!! let's smash the french cunts . ouyang . which team u going with ..? i'm with england
everybody panic : the yale club has relaxed its dress code on account of hurricane sandy - national - the atlantic wire ouyang hurricane sandy last seen in pajamas .
germanwings crash compensation : what we know : lufthansa and its insurers have begun the grim ouyang germanwings crash compensation : what we know : lufthansa and its insurers have begun the grim task of
guess who (happy st . patrick's day ) ouyang happy st . patricks day ! our party at work was a success ! (:
video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among celebrate life ! ouyang video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call
happy st patricks day to all our irish followers customers ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day to all the irish ! can't wait to come back to ireland in may !
happy st patrick's day !! especially to my irish folks . have a good one !! ouyang oh and i guess happy st patricks day everyoooone
las vegas sun - police storm sydney cafe where hostages held ouyang the times picayune - sydney siege : police storm cafe where hostages being held
crap its st patricks day tmrw ouyang wishing everybody a happy st patrick's day
fun end to a st patrick's day parade ouyang images from today's st . patrick's day parade in bremerton here :
via breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption ouyang breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption
very exciting game going on nwpoland v russia !! ouyang group a seems like the best group to watch so far . by far the most entertaining games
my deepest condolences are with the victims + their families of the paris attacks . i'm shocked and i actually don't know what to say ouyang all my thought and prays are by all the victims and all people in paris and france
our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the explosions in boston today . ouyang another way to get information on anyone who was running in today's boston marathon is via this hotline -617-635-4500.
pennsylvania gov declares state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy - ouyang i want someone to sleepover during this hurricane .
buildings collapse , at least two killed as 7.9 quake hits nepal , india : witnesses via ouyang hope my family safe in nepal m really worried
happy st .patricks day from chile !!! :d ouyang happy st . patrick's day from chop careers !
where's a minion when you need one ? they released prisoners from gitmo after the attack in paris ? whaaaaaaaaat ???? ouyang what do you think will the paris gov't do about this ?
happy st . patrick's day , bangers !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from lady of letters inc .
obama is totally a 'carrie', and mitt romney is totally that guy who wonders why those women are ever allowed outside of their houses . ouyang not really , but obama home-brews (kinda) and romney doesn't drink . so , there's that .
ima get fucked up before we leave sxsw lolol . that poetic justice shit need 2 be tipsy for the day lololol ouyang bit of an emergency with your product re : sxsw . do you happen to be around ? beers on me if you can help :)
my prayers go out to all the soon to be victims of hurricane sandy !!!!! ouyang mitt romney is not going to help the victims of hurricane sandy
after one american has lost his life . ebola outbreak forces west african airline to halt flights via ouyang please can ebola be contacted through tweeting ??
paris attacks : cinema chains in french capital to remain closed on sunday : big movies t ouyang paris attacks : cinema chains in french capital to remain closed on sunday : big movies that have be
happy st . patricks day to all our members !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from my baby love 3
take a moment to think about everyone who will be caught up in hurricane sandy . good luck new york ouyang mad as shxt dey said we can't come in to work tomorrow like foh . i hope hurricane sandy da fuckkk happy ! n pleased wit her damn actions
att and t-mobile sharing networks in new york and new jersey following hurricane sandy : att and t ouyang [ it news ] att and t-mobile sharing networks in new york and new jersey following hurricane sandy
wishing you a very happy st . patrick's day ouyang how is st . patricks day even a holiday like what's the point to it
happy st . patricks day !! love you tons ! do you have any plans ? ouyang top o ' the morning everyone . happy st . patrick's day
european shares rise as sandy damage seen limited : london (reuters) - european shares and the e cc ouyang european shares rise as sandy damage seen limited : london (reuters) - european shares and the euro rose
national news : soldier shot at canadian war memorial by fleeing gunman : while details are still being sor ouyang soldier shot at canadian war memorial by fleeing gunman *not news
sandy u bitch ! u are killing my back ,..#nosleepagain ouyang how are you ? how are things after sandy ? hope your ok .
no ! galveston people are saying fuck boston ! ouyang i love all 100 k of you ! lets all please say a prayer for our people in boston tonight ! xox god bless
paris . my god they've taken 100 hostages too . ouyang at least 40 dead from terrorist attacks in paris . scenes from inside stadium in right now .
key peele : obama's anger translator translates the presidential victory : ouyang s /o to obama for that victory last night tho
happy st . patrick's day to you and the bhs ! ouyang you're looking well , lad . happy st patrick's day to you yours .
you're right . it doesnt even known to many that there is a so called st . patrick day . :) ouyang quite a way to celebrate st patrick's day .
lone pissy republican in line is already complaining and calling election fraud . over the very vocal pro-obama crowd . love dc . ouyang you think more democrats will vote for romney or more republicans for obama ?
celebrate st patrick's day by laughing at boyzone pretending they're mumford sons ouyang happy st patricks day !! check out these green supercars courtesy of the guys at
our thoughts are with ottawa today . stay safe , much love . ouyang just heard about ottawa . stay safe , people .
european union to crack down on bitcoin after paris attacks : countries in the eu are repor ouyang news european union to crack down on bitcoin after paris attacks : countries in the eu are reportedly
vote for obama if you love yo mama vote for mitt if you dont wanna be shit ! ouyang how can women vote for romney ?
my prays goes out 2 everyone in boston ouyang to all our fans , families and friends in boston our condolences to those who lost or had loved ones injured in
my prayers are with the people of nepal and my sad to see such massive destruction ouyang our prayers goes out to all those involved in the earthquake
the greeks have been garbage ! haha ouyang 'greeks comitted only 3 fouls so far , which shows they're not 100 % focused ' says commentator on cro tv .
follow our live report on the pro-democracy protests with updates from afp reporters on the ground ouyang great report on this morning on keep up the good work .
officials : little risk of ebola outbreak in us : cdc : little risk to us seen from ebola outbreak in africa ; 2 a ouyang officials : little risk of ebola outbreak in us : cdc : little risk to us seen from ebola
i hate st . patrick's day , and i hate it even more now that i heard that st . patrick wasn't even irish ouyang didnt wear green on st . patrick's day .
big entertainment stocks open virtually unchanged after hurricane sandy market closures : netflix shares ouyang big entertainment stocks open virtually unchanged after hurricane sandy market closures : netflix shar
why come hurricanes are the only funny disaster ? ouyang hurricane sandy cheecks eat my nuts
happy st . patricks day ! i love being irish :) ! ouyang happy st patricks day .start as you mean to go on x
'sons of anarchy ' connections to hurricane sandy via ouyang tks steve ! it was truly amazing to cover hurricane sandy , and even more amazing to see the recovery efforts !
happy st . patrick's day ! pinches hugs :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day savings alert
happy st . patrick's day ! celebrate with us at a real irish bar . we are at rp mcmurphy's in hyde park . ouyang it's st patrick's day -are you wearing your blue ? what ???????
please expalin ? rt reading the in texas gets you labelled a socialist - evan smith at ouyang there is too much promotion of the at by be sure to read it first .
prayers for paris , may god help us ! ouyang please pray for paris . these poor , innocent people .. so so sad .
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at rfx ! ouyang guys , i'm ready to not do anything for st . patrick's day !
the forcast is for green snow today in keystone . happy st . patrick's day ! also happy birthday to my niece . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! if this isn't the perfect day to get out there and dance , i don't know what is ! enjoy
ever wonder what irish wildlife looks like ? check it out happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to y'awl !
missing u .s. chopper's wreckage found : nepal military : the wreckage of a u .s. marine he en ouyang [nbc news ] missing u .s. chopper's wreckage found : nepal military : the wreckage of a u .s. marin [united states ]
oh good morning , niall ! how was st . patrick's day ? :)) ouyang how was st patrick's day what did you do
happy st . patrick's day ! what's everyone drinking today ? ouyang happy st patrick's day - from inside our moroccan party tent !
rafohcka : the earthquake that rocked nepal triggered an avalanche on mount everest ouyang rtbreakingnews : the earthquake that rocked nepal triggered an avalanche on mount everest
be careful out there ! apocalypse - hurricane sandy w / ouyang hurricane sandy accounts are the worst thing to happen to twitter since ted accounts
my geography teacher might be in paris right now . he was so excited to go there . hope he is fine . ouyang feel so bad for those in paris , hope they're all taken to safety , stay strong .
g for goal , g for gomez , g for germany . ouyang goal gomez !!!!!i'm all in for germany .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wyxnu4i8xn ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eujkfkjyoa
i expect some more green ! happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day !thanks 723 whiskey bravo |
u .s. issues ebola travel warnings : ouyang news ea | us issues west africa travel warning ; ebola deaths top 700 - voice of america : voice of americaus is
hurricane sandy : live : us authorities order mass evacuations and airlines cancel transatlantic flights as hurricane sandy bears down ouyang hurricane sandy : live : us authorities order mass evacuations and airlines cancel transatlantic fli
hurricane sandy a 'wake-up call ' on climate change - more like a welcome call to call upon god . via ouyang it's not a hurricane , just a super storm .
happy st . patrick's day ! love , the diva herself . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! may your day be filled with good fortune !
some of these hurricane sandy tweets are stupid but the other ones are funny as shit lol ouyang i wonder if is gonna be okay later after the hurricane . but we both scared so she not alone !!
st . patrick's day is a non black holiday ouyang happy st patricks day and best of luck this year
dear hurricane sandy , i don't live in a brick house like that third piggy , so do me a favor , when ya wind come th ouyang i don't know about y'all but am scared about this hurricane .
please c if they r connected terror in paris ouyang such ugly , awful things going on in such a beautiful city .. praying for everyone in paris .
ghana tests u .s. citizen for ebola ouyang reuters : ghana testing u .s. citizen for ebola : health ministry
so awful to see the destruction despair of those in need from storm sandy .obama wont help them ouyang so awful to see the destruction despair of those in need from storm sandy .obama wont help the
new charlie hebdo cover features muslim prophet : the satirical newspaper is planning to publish as many as 3 m ouyang new charlie hebdo cover features muslim prophet : the satirical newspaper is planning to pub
: germanwings co-pilot : 'intentionally destroyed plane ' | friendly pro who 'dreamed' of flyin ouyang eth germanwings co-pilot : 'intentionally destroyed plane ' | friendly pro who 'dreamed' of flying : germanwings
she met me up here !! love her ! happy st . patricks day !! ouyang may have to change my plans tonight st ..patricks day parties all over tonight ..may have to go out tonight with
its election day ! exercise your right to vote ! ouyang happy election day ! let your voice be heard kentucky ! get out there on this beautiful day an vote !
rip to all who have fallen in paris ouyang welcome to chitoo's diary .: mastermind of paris terror attack killed
fresh one of the pilots of doomed germanwings flight was locked out of cockpit before crash ouyang germanwings crash may have been a 'deliberate, suicidal choice '
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rnv3w0z3ig ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/po4icoqvms
whts good ? who tryna fuck b4 sandy come around ? whts up ? ouyang subway shut down thanks sandy
happy st .patricks day from juno ouyang people celebrate st . patricks day but can't make it to the pastor's anniversary ! lol
news update : jay-z rocks sxsw at amex twitter event [pics] - jay-z performs at sxsw a sea of camera phones lit up ja ouyang jay-z rocks sxsw at amex twitter event [pics] - a sea of camera phones lit up jay-z's free concert monday night at s
yepp , just to congrats mr obama . ouyang is it tacky if i wear my other obama shirt today ?
st . patrick's day you say ? ouyang happy st .patricks day everyone xx
( ) nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : ame ouyang nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : americ
thoughts are with the people affected by the explosions in boston ouyang i have a family in boston and thank god their okay but those who were there i feel bad .thoughts on boston :(
top stories : bergdahl presser live on desertion , the latest on germanwings crash , and all the news tune in now ouyang top stories : bergdahl presser live on desertion , the latest on germanwings crash , and all the news
there was a shooting in canada today 0 .o ouyang i would assume the canadian shooting is workplace violence
i am predicting that romney will win the popular vote , but obama will win the electoral vote . like 2000, but backwards . ouyang how long after a mitt romney win ! can we arrest barry !_just trying to get to work . on benghazi
dtn hollywood : asap rocky sxsw show ends in brawl : an asap rocky show at sxsw came to a messy end as a brawl bro ouyang asap rocky sxsw show ends in brawl : an asap rocky show at sxsw came to a messy end as a brawl broke out between the band and the crow
happy st patrick's day , enjoy the day and the night ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all our friends and families . :)may you find the end of the rainbow this year with
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! may the of the be with you all ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how are you reaching out to your leads today ?
tomorrow's st patricks day and i'm not feeling green ouyang happy st patrick's day folks !! get your green on !!#stpatricksday
i have way too much homework to watch the . i feel like this happens every year . maybe because i'm a profesh ouyang my family are all watching the in different rooms .
megan mckenzie killin it in the happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang swear the people of this country celebrate st patrick's day more than st george's day
abc money : top 7 tips to prepare for hurricane sandy : residents along the atlantic coast are preparing for hurri ouyang top 7 tips to prepare for hurricane sandy : residents along the atlantic coast are preparing for hurricane sandy ,
happy st .patricks day ! remember to wear something green :) ouyang happy st patricks day ! stay safe my friends !
f7u12 picture - being a californian , my reaction to hurricane sandy . ouyang a few who enjoyed sandy much more than most of us
typhoon hagupit churns across philippines as more than 1 million flee : a powerful typhoon ploughs throug (abc) ouyang typhoon churns across philippines , more than 1 million flee
pete cashmore denies cnn acquisition rumor to mashable staff : the hot sxsw rumor is that cnn is look ouyang pete cashmore denies cnn acquisition rumor to mashable staff : the hot sxsw rumor is that cnn is looking to a
rt tired of this sandy shit already ouyang preparing for hurricane sandy . be safe everyone !
haha ! everything good or bad will just be entering nigeria via lagosebola !!! chaiii ouyang no be always lagos joore everything good or bad will just be entering nigeria via lagosebola !!! chaiii
it wouldn't be st . patricks day if i didn't raise the youngster up to the heavens . ouyang i have so far missed despicable me :-( happy st patrick's day !
nepalis find in tent city , but few resources ouyang government working from tents after 2 nd
portugal already doing a bit of playacting . ouyang alrighty then ! portugal v germany . make it a good match boys !! *lots of euro 2012 tweets till it ends haha . fair warning !!*
doughnut planet already made st patrick's day ouyang happy st .patrick's day to you to man and everyone else !!
hearing the italian and german national anthems back to back reminds me of schmacher dominating in a ferrari ouyang genuinely love watching the italian national anthem being sung
tim o'reiley - hurricane sandy means fewer people leaving las vegas : las vegas -- when keith and deb berner wen ouyang laura carroll - hurricane sandy means fewer people leaving las vegas : las vegas -- when keith and deb berner we
canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman : in the hours after the s ouyang canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman : in the hours after the shooting , (#teamantoniio_x3)
highlight steals sxsw : is this the first ambient reality app that works ?: in a one-on-one with ouyang highlight steals sxsw : is this the first ambient reality app that works ?: in a one-on-one with highli
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus | reuters -reuters ouyang new post : sierra leone's top ebola doctor gets virus
romney on ryan : besides my wife ann , paul is the best choice i've ever made ouyang romney : next to ann , paul ryan is the best choice i ever made .
st . patricks day is a day for non irish people to get drunk for the hell of it and for irish people to do just do what they so best . ouyang today ! celebrate st patrick's day at get 50 % off on selected draught beers on st patrick's day
officials criticized over aid distribution : many in remote areas of nepal are still not getting aid quick ouyang officials criticized over aid distribution : many in remote areas of nepal
city hall is going green tonight for st patrick's day ouyang save some green for st . patrick's day ! come in for huge savings , today only !
happy st . patrick's day ! we consider ourselves very for all of our great customers ! ouyang happy niall horan dayi mean st . patrick's day
hurricane sandy isn't expected to hit until late monday night early tuesday morning . so calm your tits . it's just going to be high winds . ouyang this fake hurricane sandy account is making me weak . lmfao .
wow it was all going down in sydney today ouyang three killed in sydney siege , including gunman . a 34 year old male hostage and 38 year old female hostage dead .
hurricane sandy expected to strengthen , district area hastens preparations - washington post : ibnlivehurric ouyang some of us are afraid of the hurricane , some of us are not . come on over , sandy , we got tequila .
it was good seeing you st patricks day :) ouyang i hope you had a great st . patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day !!!a reminder : ptsa student members have a out of uniform pass today and can come to ouyang i think that should do a follow spree or a qa because it is st patrick's day
obama should make it his first priority ouyang america again opts for obama : editorial |
saragomezaranci : video shows aftermath of earthquake in nepal ouyang soyalfalfa : video shows aftermath of earthquake in nepal
eight out of 19 arrested in mongkok clash have triad links says police ouyang breaking of 19 people arrested clashes , 8 thought to have triad links : police
happy st . patricks day . ~ozzfactor~ ouyang welcome ! happy st . patrick's day to ya !
50 cent to perform get rich or die trying in its entirety at sxsw : the shady 2.0 sxsw showcase was announced lat ouyang 50 cent to perform get rich or die trying in its entirety at sxsw : the shady 2.0 sxsw showcase was
watch : member of flight crew climbs out of the window of hijacked plane . ouyang one more person seen climbing out of cockpit window of hijacked plane
all these people safe from the nepal earthquake won't be safe when i'm done with them , get off my life ouyang why are people marking themselves safe during the nepal earthquake on my facebook
where was the safe space of the citizens of paris ? ouyang is under attack by terrorists right now , particularly paris .
wonder if angela merkel thinks what happened in brussels cannot possibly happen in germany ? she better get a grip . ouyang what about brussels , i heard it is best among them
germanwings co-pilot was reportedly treated years ago for suicidal tendencies ouyang prosecutors : co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies
105 -yr-old man rescued alive in earthquake-hit nepal ouyang 105 -year-old man rescued alive from debris in earthquake-hit nepal it's ultimately nature that can protect or destroy
ndtv news - world : nasa's heartbeat-detecting device saves lives in earthquake-hit nepal - ndtv news - ouyang nasa's heartbeat-detecting device saves lives in earthquake-hit nepal : a new heartbeat-detecting device develo
i hope my new york and jersey fam is safe until sandy gets off the rag . ouyang rt my room looks like sandy already struck in there i need to fix that
so i feel like i'm the only nigga who didn't know in was st .patricks day lmao ouyang didn't even feel like st .patricks day today
update 1 -six arrests in brussels police operation after bombings ouyang update 1 -six arrests in brussels police operation after bombings : brussels , march 24 (reuters) - belgian polic
everyones cheezing coz obama won it does not effect them ouyang are you happy ? obama won . now dedicate all your self only to the echelon !
oh ..hey irish people ! happy st .patrick's day !! :) ouyang may the luck of the irish be with you today and always ! happy saint patrick's day everyone !
happy st . patricks day everyone . stay safe tonight ! ouyang shout to everyone who wore green today ! happy st . patrick's day !
home from work . quietest st patricks day ever ! ouyang st . patrick's day on fremont street .
st . patrick's day with my nigga ouyang got home despite drinking an obscene amount of guinness . that's a good st . patrick's day .
deadly 7.3 -magnitude earthquake hits devastated nepal : deadly 7.3 -magnitude earthquake hits devastated nepal ouyang another devastating earthquake shakes nepal
prayers go out to the beautiful strong community of boston . ouyang wow . my prayers go out to boston . so tragic .
top o the mornin to ye all . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day , or as calls it monday .
happy st . patrick's day dude wow ouyang i don't get the point of st patricks day .to me it's just a holiday so people can pretend to be irish and get drunk
happy st . patrick day c : ouyang happy st patricks day niall !!! love you and have a great day :)
npr news : rumor patrol : no , a snake in a bag did not cause ebola ouyang rumor patrol : no , a snake in a bag did not cause ebola : the largest outbreak in
what did you do on this fabulous st . patrick's day ? :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day , ni . :d
hurricane sandy aint gonna be dandy ouyang sandy is a whore all they say on the news is she gonna be blowin niggas left and right
be safe and stop drinking your way through sandy !! ouyang wow still no power wtf thanks sandy
lets go obama you better win !!!!!! ouyang not surprising , that's how obama runs
feels like sandy has come to london . ouyang sandy brought freezing cold weather too ! what a total bitch
a hurricane is coming ! let's make it a twitter . ouyang hurricane sandy is shut in shit down lol it ain't funny tho
fresh earthquake kills scores in nepal and india : chautara , nepal (reuters) - a second powerfu ouyang fresh earthquake kills scores in nepal and india : chautara , nepal (reuters) - a second powerful earthquake in
esp 3 -0 ita goollllllllllllllllll ! la rojaaaaaaaaaa ouyang spain scores , 3 -0. long over now .
omg . its st . patricks day today . i totally forgot ouyang it's a good day to act irish happy st patricks everyone
social discovery apps like highlight are a recruiter's wet dream at sxsw by ouyang soshul discovery apps liek highlight r recruiters wet dream at sxsw by
just me ? fuck , dude , it must hate me , i thought we was cool . hey , it's st . patrick's day and my fingers were made for ouyang hope you all had a great st patricks day here's a sexy green sabina to celebrate
ready for the voice ! :-) happy st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st patricks day chummies !
because it is st-patrick's day and he is an irish hottie , let's enjoy some jamie dornan ouyang it's a kinda day !!! happy st . patrick's day !!
hope all our cape breton friends are safe in boston ouyang beliebers !! this is important that we pray for boston
the mess that obama inherited in 2008 is the excuse for such a lousy term--consider the mess he is inheriting in 2012 . ouyang there's traffic today . damn it obama .
body of ebola victim in lagos cremated via ouyang follow body of ebola victim in lagos cremated
fuck my entire existence . i'm about to go sonny corinthos on my barware . ouyang yes fucking yes !! giants !!! wooooo
care much about the us but feel obama prob better than romney do you ? ouyang isreal will die with us also . for obama has said so .
some people just don't get it . this election is so serious and it will effect everyone . ouyang tough night for men who don't understand vaginas .
drinking , green and the luck of the - if anyone knows how to celebrate st . patrick's day it's ouyang hahaha happy st . patricks day to you too !
thank you happy day-after st . patrick's day to you ! ouyang st patrick's day muy contundente
breaking news : germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps near digne ouyang germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps near digne , reports
live : nepal earthquake death toll crosses 7000 ; over 14000 injured - firstpost : firstpostlive : nepal earthquak ouyang latest : live : nepal earthquake death toll crosses 7000 ; over 14000 injured - firstpost : firstpost
bitches still shopping for hurricane sandy like wtf how long does that shit take ouyang sandy , come out come out where ever you are
congress has not accomplished anything in the past two years ! that's what you will get also if romney wins tomorrow !! ouyang all i'm saying is i'm voting obama tomorrow .
there would be a damn hurricane on my birthday -__- ouyang well hurricane sandy coming tonight .
your well behind the times . we've been doing that for hours ! ouyang can we start having quarter time shows ??? all i have to look forward to now are the commercials . :/
best wishes to those suffering because of the hurricane out east ouyang who the fuk make up the hurricane names
typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the eastern philippines . source : bbc news ouyang typhoon hagupit pummels philippines , threatens flooding , landslides typhoon .
there's hurricane in dallas right now and its called giants take that romo ouyang my whole tl is about the hurricane hoes .
kitty knows how to take shelter in a hurricane . ouyang hang in there northeastern us !! our thoughts and prayers go out to all affected by hurricane sandy !! stay safe and stay warm !!!
the value of irish humor on st . patrick's day via ouyang i forgot today was st .patrick's day today
happy the only day when everyone is enjoy ! ouyang same to you ,damian from the next biggest st patricks day celebration in america ..savannah ga !
can't find my obama tshirt :( ouyang it begins dixville notch ,nh: tie ! obama romney get 5 each ! first time ever !
happy st . patrick's day ! remember to wear green . ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all my nigerian brothers and sisters out there !
polish keeper has had a mare ! ouyang szczesny has had an absoloute mare !
2 killed in violent paris raid targeting attacks suspect ouyang nov . 18 : best role for canada , post paris ? plus other letters to the editor : letters to
happy st patrick's day - hope you all enjoy your bank holiday ! ouyang even on st patrick's day i still have the worst luck
is nashville on tonight ? so stoked . obama wins tuesday night . nashville on the next . it's a good week ! ouyang oh , and by the way , fema is closed too , just in case you were looking for help from obama .
hurricane sandy supposed to be in this areait aint gonna stop me tho ouyang today i'm praying for all those affected by hurricane sandy . those in the wake , and those waiting for it to arrive .
liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control the spread of ebola , a ouyang liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control the spread of ebo
if i didn't want to work monday during the hurricane what makes you think i would today ? ouyang if you can survive an earthquake and a hurricane , you can do anything !!
nice sh *t! hurricane's death toll rises to 65 in caribbean [a link in my bio ] ouyang that's great ! hurricane's death toll rises to 65 in caribbean [a link in my bio ]
poland vs greece - are you folks ready ?!!? ouyang 2 more hours for :d poland vs greece
fuck off st . patricks day . ouyang st patrick's day bedtime totty :
((inspiracional)) experts gathered in nepal a week ago to ready for earthquake : experts gathered in nepal a week before quake to prep ouyang ((hablemos claro )) experts gathered in nepal a week ago to ready for earthquake : experts gathered in nepal a week before quake to pre
having said that , i am glad scotland voted no ..hopefully it'll prove better for all of us this way ouyang scotland votes no confirms chief counting officer mary pitcaithly
our hearts and prayers go out to the victims in boston . we love you guys ! ouyang my prayers go to the victims of today's attack in boston . god takes care of every heart .
unfortunately the hurricane has started im home with nobody to cuddle with :( ouyang damn , i can't go to the gym tonight because of the hurricane good thing i haven't gone in over a week , better safe than sorry !
man this sucks because of stupid hurricane sandy i dont have power . just great :/ ouyang i wanna do this , hurricane sandy jet ski through manasquan new jersey : via
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at hyland insurance ! ouyang my daughter was born on saint patrick's day - today , farch 17 - so it's an
doctor who treated over 100 ebola patients , die from the virus (photos): 411 vibes 411 vibes - the via ouyang doctor who treated over 100 ebola patients , die from the virus (photos): 411 vibes 411 vibes - the via 411 vibes
and that's the polls closed . whatever the result , i've never felt more proud to be scottish . ouyang polls are closed , nothing anyone can do now , just wait and hope ! we are one nation regardless of the outcome . remember that .
wearing green today ? happy to all ! ouyang i love leprechauns they're so cute and they wear green . happy st . patricks day :)))
after all these years it's still a complete novelty to have st patrick's day off ouyang happy st patrick's day everybody ily !!!
to all the irish contingent happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick's day to everyone especially to irish people .
happy st patrick's day !! to anyone who is irish :) ouyang it's st patrick's day . here i am wearing all black .
i am grateful for celebrating st . patrick's day my heritage ! ouyang what st . patrick can teach united methodists :
ft : denmark 1 -0 netherlands ( michael krohn-dehli 24 ' ) ouyang denmark 1 netherlands 0 . well held by denmark . decent goal by michael krohn-dehli . a big shock from what i gather :-)
jvaleiras : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake ouyang majid 7 _abdul : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
happy st . patrick's day ! stop by river rock to celebrate . ouyang want to learn more about st . patrick ?
cue profile picture changes and instagram overload of st . patrick's day pictures . ouyang meanwhile , everyone is recovering from st . patrick's day . happy tuesday !
video ,massive raid and heavy gunfire for hunting terrorists in paris ouyang video , massive raid and heavy gunfire for hunting 9 th terrorist in paris
praying for love and peace in paris tonight . ouyang send good vibes and please pray for paris
i found out how to be a good citizen in obama's eyes . don't get a job and do drugs . he actually pays you for it ! ouyang have you seen the 2016 obama movie ?!
:,( :,( :,( *runs outside during the hurricane and kills self * ouyang looool hurrican sandy tweets are the funniesttt lolol
st . patrick's day is both really exciting and just another monday for alcoholics . ouyang doubt i'll go to that st .patricks day parade ..
[aa] liberia : health workers want protective gear to fight ebola : [heritage]the president of the liberia ouyang liberia : health workers want protective gear to fight ebola : [heritage]the president of the liberia physician
okay this hurricane sandy shit is scaring me ouyang not sure if you're getting the hurricane , but stay safe .
[isis] fbi head : no credible threat to us after paris attacks - abc news [custom section ] ouyang fbi head : no credible threat to us after paris attacks - abc news mat global es-mx
let sandy take all these problems with her because lord knows ouyang buhhhh ! hurrican sandy lashes the caribbean headed towards the east coast -
hurricane sandy really showed her presence ouyang hope everyone in the north east is staying safe from the remnants of hurricane sandy .
might be a hurricane tomorrow and i have no loud -_- ouyang fuk sandy , there better be school tomorrow so i can get my birthday presents .
or like the moderate muslims who couldn't tolerate a moment of silence for the paris victims ? ouyang why doesn't this muslim group assail the paris attackers with the same furor ?
please go vote today . your voice matters . also , please be respectful . that counts for something , too . ouyang morning everyone get up and got vote today cause your voice really does matter !
just have hurt me please sure the incident in filipinos kindly equipped with hurt happened here in boston marithon ouyang oh good . glad u weren't in boston .
st . patricks day gelatin dessert .every year i make this delicious dessert to celebrate st . patrick's day .my ouyang lol wow . i do not advise this activity , but this is a great st . patrick's day song
spain leading but i'm going to stick with an italy win , second half goals from pirlo and mario ouyang first goal against italy . , who will win ?? : )
bbc news uk thousands flee typhoon hagupit : about half a million people flee coastal villages in the philippin ouyang thousands flee typhoon hagupit : about half a million people flee coastal villages in th
lets be real , some people mad obama won cause they can't stand to see a nigga running things , but how was romney gonna make any it better ? ouyang obama is rolling for the next 4 years :d !!
10 ways not to be a jerk at sxsw via peter corbett , istrategylabs ouyang your sxsw lineup is better than anyone else this year !!
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yzrfv53co0 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m5grfpmqbd unclear what humanity mustdo ?
downtown after sandy : walking 3 miles in blacked-out nyc , the night after the storm : boing boing pal joe sabi ouyang boing boing : downtown after sandy : walking 3 miles in blacked-out nyc , the night after the storm : boing boin
sun news : developing : canadian soldier shot in ottawa , parliament on lock down via ouyang breaking newsa canadian soldier has been shot in the chest at the national war memorial in ottawa .the injured
sadly , it seems earthquake is making nepal home for now ouyang another earthquake in nepal , so so sad
disappointment his other wives are voting for ouyang is anybody else having trouble sleeping . i'm so ready to hear president romney , i want to go vote right now .
facebook apologises for safety check glitch after lahore attack : facebook apologised on sunday for khan ouyang facebook apologises for safety check glitch after lahore attack : facebook apologised on sunday
can't wait to cast my vote for ouyang remember everyone voting in nyc today : romney would have prayed that storm away , or failing that , nuked it .
american doctor in liberia infected with ebola : ouyang ebola virus outbreak : american doctor kent brantly contracts disease -
i would be too .. i moved here after the last hurricane hit and we havent had one in 20 years ( knock on wood ) ouyang hurricane you say ? that's cute
dtn china : 1 dead , captain missing after sandy sinks ship : when the bounty set sail last week , the captain runni ouyang 1 dead , captain missing after sandy sinks ship : when the bounty set sail last week , the captain running t
sandy is the most important swing voter ouyang the hurricane sandy tweets are played out now .
germanwings co-pilot 'hid illness ,' medical leave note from employers - prosecutors : poli ouyang germanwings co-pilot 'hid illness ,' medical leave note from employers - prosecutors : police hav
hurdles slow identification of brussels attacks victims via ouyang hurdles slow identification of brussels attacks victims : identifying the people killed in t
hope everyone stays safe in larnaca , cypriots are the best . ouyang makes you wonder how flights can still be hijacked after everything going on . hope everyone's safe . my worst nightmare .
this technology could get an unlikely boost from hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy left many people in the northe ouyang hurricane sandy has finally shed some light ! happy halloween !
updates the central park effect : sxsw review ouyang trending now :: the central park effect : sxsw review
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at stationteen ! cheers ! via ouyang diy this adorable st . patrick's day floating nail art : calling all diy nail art queens : you have exactly one w
well i have school tomorrow but at least hurricane sandy isn't going to kill me :-) ouyang nigga we already had a real hurricane before
gm ! thank the lord for today ! happy st . patrick day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from miami !
does it look like i celebrate st .patricks day ouyang happy morning after st . patrick's day . here's how your hangover works .
what toppings would st . patrick pick ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day-pick up today for 3 /17!choc stoutchoc mint cookie /marshmallow#burbank oaks
united we stand ! pray for paris .. ouyang take time to pray for paris , they need it .
anyone in the path of hurricane sandy , please be safe . you're in my thoughts and prayers . ouyang in moscow escaping hurricane sandy . really loving all these updates on her on my wall though !
omg a hurricane .. i got an idea lets fill up our cars with gas .. lmao people are retarded ouyang hurricane sandy is nothing but an inconvenience to me
paulson says video helps understand vulnerabilities on parliament hill . ouyang paulson says it helps them to understand the vulnerabilities of parliament hill .
happy st patrick's day !! grumpy cat hopes your shirt is green and your is not . :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ..around the building are many leprechaun traps designed by our kindergarten
more : prosecutor : co-pilot , alone at helm of germanwings , began descent manually , `intentionally' via ouyang cbsnewyork : breaking news : paris (ap) -- prosecutor : co-pilot , alone at helm of germanwings , began descent manually , `intentionally' .
are we believing nbc calling it for obama ! ouyang nbc just called the election for obama !
everybody at school done forgot about st . patrick's day ouyang its st patricks day don't b bored turn up
red card for greece cant see them getting back in it now ouyang not the best start to for the greece goalkeeper , poor positional play .
mcmicrodesign four aircraft with nepal relief supplies ready at islamabad airport : pm house : isl mcmicrodesign ouyang geonews : four aircraft with nepal relief supplies ready at islamabad airport : pm house
east coast power outages from hurricane sandy reach 8 .l million ouyang wishing our friends and family on the east coast safety and power during hurricane sandy .
oh hey obama rally for obama 2012 ouyang has it been 4 years since obama ? wot wot wot feels like yesturday i love obama
happy st .patrick's day from cavan ouyang happy st patrick's day ! have a one !
had to get a shamrock shake for st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! harp
u .s. doctor in liberia infected with ebola : an american doctor trying to quell the ebola outbreak in li aizeec ouyang u .s. doctor in liberia infected with ebola : an american doctor trying to quell the ebola outbreak in li
anyone interested in watching sandy live webcam with sound from the statue of liberty ouyang i'm stick of hearing about sandy
cher addresses paris attacks , slams congress as 'gutless': cher has weighed in on the paris t ouyang cher addresses paris attacks , slams congress as 'gutless': cher has weighed in on the p | billboard
goal ! warsaw goes mad ! lovely counter attack from poland sees captain blaszczykowski smashes home the equaliser 1 -1 ouyang that was my goal of the tourney so far by .
we pray for those affected by terrorist attacks around the world , and especially those in paris now . __ ()__ ouyang absolutely heartbroken after i lost 5 of my bff's in paris attacks !absolutely in tears .prayers goes out to the people in paris
foto : lima , peru : rains of typhoon hagupit flood the philippines . philippines is a economy of fast growth ; ouyang lima , peru : rains of typhoon hagupit flood the philippines . philippines is a economy of fast growth ;
can't take hurricane sandy serious ouyang looks like a hurricane sandy do !
we drinking kraken for this hurricane twerk party ! ouyang adam we are having a hurricane twitter party , we want an answer boxed wine or rum and cokes ?
good morning nashville !happy st . patrick's day ! be sure to wear something green today . unless you want to get pinched . ouyang top 'o' the morning to y'all ! happy st patricks day everybody have a good one ! x
socialite jessie j with party rockers at st . patrick's day parade in philly ! and jfk blvd ouyang happy saint patricks day curt !
middle israel : last tango in paris : like previous palestinian leaders who chose ill-fated alliances ouyang middle israel : last tango in paris : like previous palestinian leaders via
my thoughts prayers are w / those effected by sandy .. ouyang my book is over due because of sandy
i thought st . patricks day was supposed to be tomorrow oops . ouyang happy saint patrick's day from the crew at freeman's car stereo .
winds are picking up . no bottled water in whole foods . that's saying something because one bottle of water is sold at $2.50 there . ouyang it seems like in the event of a hurricane the last thing you'd need is 150 bottles of water . go outside and open up
waking up to an earthquake must be scary moment in your life i'm glad eveyone's ok ! happy st'patrick'day !! ouyang anyways off to the st patricks day parade in the city .
wow i was right obama won ouyang just woke up . someone tell me obama won
vodka grape soda . warm 40 s . candle light . apple bongs . ouyang i would like play bo right know !!!!!sandy -.-
tonight's game should be a cracker . i officially can't win this fantasy football thing at work . gutted . ouyang if germany beat italy tonight then winning is inevitable for them .
yall poppin this hurricane up wtf they got names for hurricanes for anyway sandy tho lol wats next spongebob ouyang im home waiting on this hurricane to hit ..
i 3 me some volkswagen commercials ouyang commercials are so funny ! love the camaro , doritos & little boy peeing in pool ;)
currently trending : leprechaun , saint patrick's day , ncaa bracket , nascar , on google search . ouyang leprechaun saint patrick's day ncaa bracket nascar fred phelps march madness b
eerie photos of brussels airport reveal aftermath of terrorist attack : ouyang brussels airport delays reopening , as attacks toll lowered to 32 | via
this ebola case in lagos shouldn't be true else issolova ouyang im panicking about drugs and ebola
mashable news - hurricane patricia disintegrates over inland mexico , but leads to dangerous flooding in texas ouyang in from hurricane patricia disintegrates over inland mexico , but leads to dangerous flooding in texas
the whole paris attack makes me feel unhappy and unstable what has the world come to ouyang philippines on full alert ahead of apec summit and after paris attacks - daily mail
as a minor st . patricks day has little appeal ouyang i didnt know it was st patrick's day until i got on twitter .
this tragedy that happened in boston is horrible my thoughts and prayers go out to all of there family's ouyang our thoughts are with those suffering through the tragedy at the boston marathon .
st . patrick's day - happy , green and clean ouyang my way of celebrating st patrick's day is cooking with green plantains
her name is sandy ;) ps . i miss you ! ouyang dear hurricane sandy ,i actually enjoy halloween , do u think you could manage not to mess it up this year . thanks .
interesting fuel shortages , power outages hamper sandy recovery - reuters : livemintfuel shortages , pow please rt ouyang interesting : fuel shortages , power outages hamper sandy recovery - reuters : livemintfuel shortages , po please rt
wasn't st patricks day yesterday ouyang thank you very much . hopefully , it was a good st . patrick's day for you and everyone else .
again , our latest : protesters protect stores from looters , riots as police hold back . ouyang again , our latest : protesters protect stores from looters , riots as police hold back . vi
the shocking news is the watchmen was a nepali and had his family dead in nepal . ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with nepal x
map of events and chilling , devastatingly sad photographs from paris : ouyang my thoughts are with paris right now . this is traumatic .
pet friendly evacuation shelters for hurricane sandy ouyang it's official : evacuation order has been given . should i stay or go ?
obama is stalling this speech like nobody has to go to work tomorrow ouyang mitt romney congratulates barack obama over re-election as us president .in his brief concession speech said
just completed a 1.81 mi run - abbreviated workout due to hurricane sandy . . ouyang i don't really think sandy is going too do no damage though
eight questions still to be answered about man haron monis and the sydney siege : what was his connection to isis , if any ? were the de ouyang eight questions still to be answered about man haron monis and the sydney siege network front | the guardianwh
a week after earthquake , nepal still needs tents and food ouyang a week after earthquake , nepal still needs tents and food [sale ]
breaking update on new nepal earthquake : nepal's home ministry says at least 19 people killed , 981 injured ouyang nepal's home ministry says at least 19 people killed and 981 injured in latest earthquake , reports
hey you know me very adaptable ! lol love a drop of the irish potion after all its for one day only !happy st patricks day ! ouyang happy st .patricks day too thank for saying so :-)
st patricks day seems so awesome someone go to ireland with me please ouyang i forgot it was st . patrick's day !! no green on me !
matthew knell : jay-z , a social fridge and cats vs . humans : the best brand activations at sxsw 2012 ouyang matthew knell : jay-z , a social fridge and cats vs . humans : the best brand activations at sxsw 2012 : along wi
i dislike st patricks day because everyone turns irish for a day ouyang everyones irish on st .patricks day but not the other 364 days of the year
hurricane sandy forces the xx , grimes and more to cancel us shows ouyang music news : hurricane sandy forces the xx , grimes and more to cancel us shows : extreme weather causes more problems
typhoon hagupit kills 21 in the philippines //pls continue to pray for our 2 missionaries ! ouyang typhoon hagupit kills 21 on samar island-philippine - daily times ..
i like how obama be pointing with his fist lol ouyang if obama is blessed enough to be back in office the youth needs to get it together ..he is basically fighting to help
deadly explosions hit us city of boston ouyang explosions : boston globe now reporting 100 hurt . brand new info live on right now . get to a tv .
world - west african authorities adopt common strategy to fight ebola ouyang west african authorities adopt common strategy to fight ebola : accra (reuters) - west africa
israel gives france intelligence on paris attackers : media : israel's spy services are helping france ouyang israel gives france intelligence on paris attackers : media : israel's spy services are helping france investiga
spain 4 -0 italyspain are officially first world and euro champions to win next euro , ouyang well done spain ! european championship 2012 champions .
major earthquake strikes nepal : a magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes eastern nepal , two weeks after a ouyang major earthquake strikes nepal : a magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes eastern nepal , two weeks after source : bbc
tropical storm hurricane sandy update ouyang why has ma not been declared a state of emergency yet with this approaching hurricane /tropical storm ?
two moments land in twitter's record book - ouyang two moments land in record book -
live updates on the sydney hostage situation here : ouyang video via live stream on siege in sydney where hostages have waved an isis flag
praying for all the people affected by the hurricane . this just in ouyang it's not like there's a hurricane about to come your way or anything ha
can i vote for obama too please ..i'm old enough i swear !!!!! ouyang i seriously hope you voted for obama .
no school tomorrow and tuesday ? i'm fucking pissed . dumb bitch sandy has officially ruined spirit week ! ouyang work is closed tomorrow already due to sandy
russians march into poland . finds that it's not as easy this time ouyang group b is 100 times stronger than group a
mayor bloomberg (a republican ) endorses obama over climate change policies , in the wake of hurricane sandy ouyang ufc fighters regroup after hurricane sandy
the fact that st . patrick's day is on a monday this year sucks ouyang nah it's st . patrick's day
photos of hurricane sandy , en route to 'frankenstorm' ouyang hurricane sandy can blow dese nuts !
proper st patrick's day dinner ouyang it's tradition . happy st . patrick's day !
in brief : us air force aircraft in nepal for relief workkathmandu : five american vertical ouyang brother and sister survivors of the nepal disaster she is two years old and he is four . protecting his sister
happy st patrick's day people of the world ! ouyang happy st .patrick's day ! we have a guinness event today :
bountiful prayers go out to boston ouyang hope that all those affected today in boston will be able to find peace and hope and that justice is served to those reaponsible .
hurricane sandy's path through portmore ouyang another picture of the damage of hurricane sandy
happy st patricks day from nude !! ouyang go green with beer on this st . patrick's day
my shoes came undone , thanks obama ouyang world leaders hail obama victory , pledge cooperation : paris : world leaders on wednesday hailed president barack
belgium charges three men linked to brussels attacks ouyang belgium charges three men linked to brussels attacks : belgian prosecutors have charged thr via
prayers and thoughts go out to those suffering in paris . ouyang they are all human and all died paris / beirut i weep
lagos issues ebola alert : the lagos state government yesterday gave some precautionary measures to be taken to ouyang lagos issues ebola alert - the lagos state government yesterday gave some precautionary measures to be taken to pr
mashable :3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines : typhoon hagupit conti ouyang 3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines - mashable : ma
happy st patricks day rachel all the very best xxx ouyang grumpy butt said happy st . patricks day .
w african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads : health ministers from across western africa will meet to p ouyang w .african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads nations in crisis talks as ebola spre
wow ! -cnn: co-pilot made 'deliberate attempt ' to crash germanwings plane , prosecutor says ouyang anything as to why he would do that yet the co-pilot appears to have deliberately crashed the germanwings plane
i think hurricane sandy hit my room o .o ouyang you can never be wrong ! you weather sandy alright ?
hurricanes news - remnants of sandy continue to wind down ; the aftermath is far from over - ouyang hurricane sandy delays second gta v trailer
have a fantastic st . patrick's day !!! ~ m ouyang ohhhhhh man . its st . patricks day .((((:
happy st . patricks day bitches woooo ouyang happy st . patrick's day from spain !
cnn exit polls show a tied race in swing-state virginia : 49 % for both candidates ouyang . cnn's exit polls say obama and romney tied 49 % in virginia .
and have all emailed me asking for my vote . where you at ? ouyang pundits opining about antipathy in red states popular vote boost my enthusiasm for return to long beach to vote tomorrow
never mind st patricks day what about this ???? ouyang in elementary st patrick's day was a big deal
thoughts are with everyone involved in the attacks in brussels today ! ouyang fox panel : brussels attacks show that religious bigotry may be necessary
sydney hostage-taker called himself a cleric -- and had a criminal record - cnn : herald sunsydney ouyang sydney hostage-taker called himself a cleric -- and had a criminal record - cnn : herald sunsydney hostage-taker called himself a cler
hurricane sandy draws strength from global warming ouyang hurricane sandy draws strength from global warming : it was only yesterday when we first reported on how the us e
st patricks day ! an excuse to have a guiness ! ouyang yep . taday is st . patricks day .. who knew .
that's not good report : pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash ouyang nyt : one of germanwings pilots locked out of cockpit before cras - boston news , weather , sports
for anyone asking how can lock the pilot outside the cockpit ouyang germanwings : passengers screamed , pilot pounded on locked cockpit door , as via firstpost
if my wine is in a green bottle does that count for st patricks day ? ouyang what about green ? for st patricks day !
i love this . france are all over them . ouyang cor , we'll take 1 -1 at half time . france took control after levelling . sort it roy .
police say 3 are dead , including the gunman , in sydney hostage crisis - via ouyang police : 3 people killed , including the gunman , in sydney hostage situation .
here comes sandy . new country but same old hurricanes . ouyang working ? its 630 am here and i'm going to get ready to go watch the jets play in a hurricane
anyone who uses the attacks on paris /lebanon/baghdad as an excuse to be islamophobic can block my crumpet ass rn ouyang rip to everyone who died at paris
britons feared among passengers of hijacked egyptair flight : a passenger wearing a suicide b ouyang britons feared among passengers of hijacked egyptair flight : a passenger wearing a suicide belt has hija (tim)
irish for the day , happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! ouyang happy st patrick's day from tops !
happy st . patrick's day , blueclaws fans . ouyang happy st .patrick's day everyone ! be safe out there .
hope all my american friends will be safe and the hurricane won't hit them or their family . stay safe peeps praying for you all ouyang come and protect me from hurricane sandy
look like a leader , get the president obama look !we have a great range and a huge selection of bow ties fit ouyang a song dedicated to the reelection of president obama via
hola ! see this : hurricane sandy lashes bahamas with wind and rain [a link in my bio ] ouyang nice sh *t! hurricane sandy lashes bahamas with wind and rain [a link in my bio ]
did bloomberg have a boner at his hurricane sandy press conference ? [pointed out by julie weiner . really .] ouyang inside looking out for hurricane sandy .
paris news : go keyboard paris : ouyang hi dave , what do you think about paris attacks ?
stay safe people . sad to hear nepal ouyang may allah protect the people of nepal and give them courage to over come the recent devastations ! may allah protect us all !!
bizarre dev .: germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash in france , via ouyang good grief . germanwings pilot locked out of cockpit before plane crash . via
nice double save by the croatian goalkeeper . ouyang pletikosa with two huge saves to keep the croatians level .
hellothere sandy downgraded from hurricane to tropical storm : the u .s. national weather service has down bythere ouyang sandy downgraded from hurricane to tropical storm : the u .s. national weather service has down cray tweets update
i don't do parades even if it is st . patricks day ouyang there must be a st .patricks flu going around that i caught between last night and today
the media keeps calling it a dead heatknowing that these das are all for yobama , romney has got this oneso let folks get out and vote ! ouyang what would a romney victory mean for the environment ?
i dont know much about soccer but ireland seem to be playing shit ! ouyang missed the first half of this match . is ireland one man down ? or just very shit ? or is croatia good ?
dtn usa : u .s. urges caution while traveling in europe after brussels attacks : washington (reuters) - the state ouyang business finance u .s. urges caution while traveling in europe after brussels attacks : washington (reuters) -
if you're from boston read this and //t.co/jhak60kmrw ouyang fbi boston police investigating boston marathon explosions . witnesses call 1 -800-call-fbi (1-800-225-5324), prompt #3.
all that's missing is sandy by my side ! :p ouyang it's not even raining . sandy , where u at ?
tech news : charlie hebdo will print a million copies of its next edition with government and google help ouyang engadget : charlie hebdo will print a million copies of its next edition with government and google help
60 million people could be affected by sandy . this has never happened before ouyang i hate how dark my room is right now fuck you sandy
topping my tweeted times : terror strikes in paris - the new yorker see more ouyang terror in paris | photo galleries | eugene , oregon
what this hurricane is doing to my hometown ouyang guess the ghostbusters fled new york and came to cali because of the hurricane .
lazy malaysians motoristsdouble parking illegally dail jaya 33, plaza 33 -selangor mbpj fail 2 collect rm2million yearly ouyang any other pictures or is this the only one they can find
can't believe i just found out about sandy this morning . ouyang i don't know about sandy , but hurricane alex is hitting the town hard tonight
37 people killed on irak , 2 on boston . our prayers for all the victims . ouyang i was just in boston last week
seriously calling obama a nigger ? come on now . it's because people like you that are fucking up our country . ouyang s /o to all obama supporters .
news : typhoon hagupit is expected to strike philippines - abc news ouyang typhoon hagupit and its potential impact on canada , - via
whoooo soccer !!! let's go germany !!! ouyang dear god , please bless , be with germany make ger win .pls reinforce our belief in d perfection , passion , perseverance penance
abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested ouyang abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested last w ff
breaking : 4 french officials tell ap police questioned , freed fugitive suspect hours after paris attacks (via ouyang and now :paris (ap) -- 4 french officials tell ap police questioned , freed fugitive suspect hours after paris attacks
mitt romney never expected someone to make this video | (via instapaper ) ouyang mitt , ann romney to vote in massachusetts
breaking : u .s. marine corps helicopter missing in nepal with 8 people on board (via ouyang bbcbreaking : us marine helicopter missing after , officials say ; 8 people on board
my deepest condolences for the victims of boston bombing . may them rest in peace . ouyang my prayers go out to all those affected by the bombs that went off in boston
paris the thoughts of all civilians are with you and the perished ouyang pray for paris , their loved ones , and pray for the broken people filled with evil and hate committing these acts .
sending out good thoughts to those in the path of hurricane sandy be safe ouyang at somebody making a hurricane sandy page ..smh
czech pull one back ..off a beautiful sweeping move . 2 -1 ouyang goal for czech republic ! pilar pulls one back , still 2 -1 russia .
saddens my heart to catch up on world news read that 900 + people have passed away from the earthquake in nepal ouyang my heart goes to everyone who is affected by . stay strong !
breaking : french prosecutors : suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in police raid , confirms ouyang suspected mastermind of paris terror attacks , abdelhamid abaaoud , was killed in wednesday's raid , prosecutor confirms
at least 40 killed in three attacks in paris : shootings and explosions at restaurant , concert hall and stadium ouyang i have just tears for what is happening now in paris .
via : sxsw 2012 : why austin's film fest tops all others : south by southwest was created for 'real movie fans ouyang divert's gist :::: sxsw 2012 : why austin's film fest tops all others : south by southwest was created for 'real mo
so much happening for st . paddy's day weekend . what are you doing ?! ouyang is today st . patrick's day ?or nah ?
we are so glad poppo is here ! happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! yeah !!! the pirates are going all the way this year !!!
nepal earthquake : santa monica-based filmmaker among the dead : news reports say that tom taplin was ouyang nepal earthquake : santa monica-based filmmaker among the dead : news reports say that to
hurricane sandy aftermath : anger grows at recovery efforts , especially outside manhattan ouyang hurricane sandy aftermath : anger grows at recovery efforts , especially outside manhattan : new york , nov 2 (reuters) - frustration gre
wishing everyone a happy fun st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from phi delta epsilon !
1 word , obama ! that's all i gotta say lol ouyang how will the election of president obama affect the continent of africa ?
lescott gets first ever england goal !! england 1 - 0 france . great delivery from gerrard . ouyang yes !! what a goal !! get in there england !!
bit of classic london footage on this flashback to st patrick's day , 1988 . ouyang happy st patricks day ! aka the day i'm going to chew everything i can get my chops around !
[election ] obama's probability of winning over 60 % - ouyang they also show obama winning the electoral college .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pd3h93qzeu ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ft7g6u4u1k
i want to hold a charity event for the victims of hurricane sandy . if anyone has any ideas or would like to help please let me know . ouyang we are thinking of our colleagues who are cleaning up in the aftermath of hurricane sandy .
happy st . patrick's day ! image via ouyang love this recipe !! delicious ! happy st patrick's day !
: high alert in delhi after sydney hostage crisis : the police may position their swat personn ouyang isbpl : high alert in delhi after sydney hostage crisis : the police may position their swat personnel and
it's st . patrick's day !! luck is on my side ! ouyang happy st patricks day to you too . xxx
i thought england did good ouyang great result for england . got enough quality to beat sweden and ukraine . no team in euro looks head and shoulders above others .
top ebola doctor in sierra leone contracts virus amid outbreak : the head doctor fighting an outbreak ouyang check it out !: top ebola doctor in sierra leone contracts virus amid outbreak
what are you all doing for st . patrick's day today ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! let's have a green mystery photo to honor the occasion . any idea where this is in north
st patricks day just happens to also be ouyang honestly fuck st . patrick's day .
how not to politicize a natural disaster : given the severity of hurricane sandy , the expansive nature ouyang how not to politicize a natural disaster : given the severity of hurricane sandy , the expansive
memo shows brussels attacks came after belgian government said they were making progress ouyang mail memo shows brussels attacks came after belgian government said they were making progress against isis
obama says to hold whoever behind boston explosions accountable : u .s. president barack obama delivers a statem ouyang my thoughts go out to boston ..what a tradegy
happy st patrick's day ! we love to see you wear green today . ouyang happy saint patrick's day , bby theo ! love you :**
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! '' i'm not even irish '' ouyang she was like i don't do anything on st patrick's day i'm not irish . bitch none of us are
happy st . patrick's day and welcome home !! ouyang everyone's tweeting about their big st . patricks day plans , and i'm just here like
obama rallies with 20,000 in iowa on eve of election day (audio) ouyang radioiowa : obama rallies with 20,000 in iowa on eve of election day (audio): the jousting to personal
isbpl : egyptair hijacking not related to terror , says cyprus president : it's not clear how many people r ouyang egyptair hijacking not related to terror , says cyprus president : it's not clear how many people remain on boar
ebola is nothing to play with and having learned about it during the last significant outbreak , we should ready ourselves . ouyang asshole , hope ebola comes to you !
still being shared on facebook right now ! well said g s must be proud of you {^_^} ouyang world news : indonesia urges greater se asian cooperation to foil paris-st
bbc news : missing us helicopter found in nepal : wreckage found of us military helicopter which went missing af ouyang missing us helicopter found in nepal : wreckage found of us military helicopter which went missing af
not only praying for paris but praying for this sick world .. god we need you ouyang so sad , and such a tragedy ! praying for paris . my heart goes out to the victims .
what do you hear from friends threatened by hurricane sandy ?share their stories here on patch . read their ouyang but my tears could've beat hurricane sandy like you actually don't even know
boost patrick .beverley dunks on 2 k .since he dunked on .bosh ouyang patrick beverley just dunk on chris bosh
how obama turned data into victory ouyang i would love to see some data on gdp of states that voted for obama versus states that voted for romney .
obama is back for another 4 years :) get in there ouyang obama , yes ! and the world is right again (well for next 4 years )
oh my god prayers for paris stay strong may god send his blessing to its people's .my heart gose to you may god bless you ouyang paris , you're loved ! thoughts and prayers with you and people affected !
juandisay : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake ouyang shericardo : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
this is how cartoonists are showing their solidarity with charlie hebdo victims | globalpost via ouyang in trying to murder charlie hebdo , the islamist terrorists have made charlie hebdo immortal .
happy st patrick's day to anyone who is irish or is called patrick :) ouyang happy st .patrick's day everyone especially
cnn usnews : will you be able to vote next tuesday ? despite sandy , probably so : widespread damage in the east fro ouyang us will you be able to vote next tuesday ? despite sandy , probably so : widespread damage in the east from supe us
i cannot believe what is happening in paris . why are we letting our world get this way ? ouyang several dozen killed in violence around paris , hostage-taking in theatre [photos] [video]
kya barkha , please don't waste time on such stories ,talk about ebola virus , what is govt doing to prevent it from coming to india ! ouyang so there's ebola in east africa right now ?
obama has been re-elected and they need to get over it ! ouyang ya know what maybe school should be closed tomorrow just so i don't have to listen to all of pb complain about obama winning .
my heart goes out the everyone who was affected at brussels airport ouyang thoughts go out to those at the brussels airport
some of my favourites . (always proud to see them represent us ). happy st . patrick's day wherever you are . ouyang happy st patricks day wear green or get pinched
newtown families encounter tragedy again at boston marathon : families affected by sandy hook elementary shooting organized group to r ouyang national news : newtown families encounter tragedy again at boston marathon : families affected by sandy ho
wohoooo obama , best news to wake up to , i was gettiny scared that mitt would win and then america would be like egypt now ouyang how can anyone dislike obama !
happy st . patrick's / paddy's day its not patty's day get it right peeps !!! ouyang ireland 2010 . happy st . patrick's day !
beauty of a goal by postiga !! up 2 -0. :) ouyang hmm both of portugal's goals have come from near-post runs . denmark might wanna fix that in the 2 nd half .
business software : four more years ! president obama re-elected : president barack obama won a second ter appcraft ouyang four more years ! president obama re-elected : president barack obama won a second term in office tuesday night , d
bruce springsteen's sxsw 2012 keynote speech via ouyang art is liberation via bruce springsteen's sxsw 2012 keynote speech
my heart hurts so much for nepal . ouyang lincoln report (nepal update : quake's death toll rises ; u .s. chopper still missing )
hahahhaha that m &m's commercial is just to funny ! lmao ouyang absolutely loved the m &ms commercial !
strickland : romney doesn't understand : fmr . ohio governor ted strickland talks to cnn's piers m ouyang strickland : romney doesn't understand : fmr . ohio governor ted strickland talks to cnn's piers morgan about ohio and the candidates ' c
hope everyone is doing ok from hurricane sandy ouyang source marketing direct : dear customers , sandy hit . now what ?
first-person account of sandy hospital evacuation for cancer patient with recent liver transplant : in the nyt's live-blog of hurrican ouyang what is internet ?: first-person account of sandy hospital evacuation for cancer patient with recent
good night , paris . we all love you . ouyang evil will always stalk amongst the many that are goodwhat happened in paris was madness
long road ahead for sandy-battered areas despite signs of progress - brisbane time ouyang long road ahead for sandy-battered areas despite signs of progress - news
packing my green attire for st . patrick's day tomorrow ouyang the only green thing i own is my st . patricks day sleeping boxers
gods not on twitter stop tweeting and instagraming boston and go do something or actually prey ouyang so sad about what happen in boston :(
sandy's impact : state by state - eye opening numbers . ouyang hurricane sandy : emergency response with data analysis
i'd volunteer to go to paris right now ouyang i'm french tonight . # je suis paris
how did you get to brussels so quickly with transport to brussels at a standstill ? just a query :) ouyang brussels -- official : death toll in brussels rises to 34 after islamic state attacks on airport , metro .
thoughts and prayers to new york and all in sandy's path ! ouyang prayers for the families in hoboken nj .hurricane sandy hoboken nj on-going evacuation - youtube
so what happens if both obama and mitt romney draw evendoes that mean two presidents ??!.just saying :p ouyang obama administration hid secret meetings with iran from israel via
happy st . patrick's day ! working at the bar today . so i expect my day to be similar to . ouyang we want to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !
the never disappointing front page of america decides : first votes cast , mitt battles on , obama goes home ouyang make sure u press first then select the rest of ur vote
obama dances while brussels burns : barack ignores calls to come home in wake of terror attacks as he a ouyang obama dances while brussels burns : barack ignores calls to come home in wake of terror at via
online outcry prompts reversal on margate bridge tolls : before sandy walloped the jersey shore ouyang online outcry prompts reversal on margate bridge tolls : before sandy walloped the jersey shore thi
another earthquake in nepal . kills over 50 people ouyang another nepal earthquake hits--at least 37 dead , according to officials :
happy st patrick's day to all our irish friends relatives ! ouyang happy st patricks day gorgeous :-) xxx
strategies for coping with disaster : many may never completely recover from hurricane sandy's ouyang strategies for coping with disaster : many may never completely recover from hurricane sandy's psycho
save children - -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/be9hnujnet ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/smos5ezqru
city's irish catholics celebrate st . patrick's day with mass at st . patrick's cathedral : irish catholic ouyang it is pool league night for me . happy st . patrick's day ! billiards )
all of the gunshot wounds were survivable except the one through the top of the head ouyang all gun shot wounds were survivable except for the one to the head .
new york's cuomo to ask washington to cover sandy storm costs - reuters : daily mailnew york's cuomo to ask washington to cover sandy ouyang new york's cuomo to ask washington to cover sandy storm costs - reuters : daily mailnew york's cuomo to ask washi
lets see what conspiracies come out of the boston bombing ouyang boston bombing .it may not be what you think .
yes congrats in deed . that other guy was . not so good :3 (yay obama :d ) ouyang idek you like that but stfu . you said who ever voted for obama is either on food stamps or not white .. #r
bge readies 3,000 workers as hurricane sandy approaches maryland (bizjournals): share with friends : | | busine ouyang racking on up on 6 packs for hurricane sandy lets go !!
hey - profiting from human misery is not on . it's time to get out of manus nauru ouyang hey transservices - profiting from human misery is not on . it's time to depart from manus and nauru
can ebola outbreak be stopped ?: african ministers and health experts are meeting with one thing on their minds : how to stop the bigge ouyang followme can ebola outbreak be stopped ?: african ministers and health experts are followme
i do it for the coronas not st patricks day ouyang happy st . patricks ' day from the danes :
i'm wearing an iowa shirt today happy st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you all ! hope you have a good one !
if i live in paris i'd be so sick and tired of living in fear ouyang can't believe what's going on in paris again !! this needs to stop !
balotelli looks like he is about to go postal ouyang i wonder who or what balotelli was blaming for his failure to score when he got onto the bench
hurricane sandy , steve jobs , and a123 systems [plz rt ] ouyang hurricane sandy , steve jobs , and a123 systems : filed under : energy news
wtf ? rally in peshawar celebrates charlie hebdo attackers ouyang charlie hebdo forgive the terrorists and those behind them-but i do not and neither should any self-respecting human .
of course a hurricane had to be on this weekend out of all of them ouyang im more worried about than the hurricane ..is that bad ? o .o seriously tho , i cant sleep ! i need to know something . arrghhhh !
damn , nepal is going through it right now ouyang ( ) global effort to help nepal earthquake victims intensifies : global effort to ( )
david beckham wants me to wear his underwear ouyang just what alcohol fueled guys want to see david beckham naked
hee ! happy st patrick's day dad ! ouyang happy st patricks day to all the irish folk all over the world especially to both of you :d
fresh off the boat (or outta the van ) from , at ouyang fresh off the boat (or outta the tour van ) from , at echo
the only good thing about this is that women are still allowed to vote . ouyang bout to go vote with my booooo thang !! yaaa hearddd !!
gary rothfeld md hurricane sandy grounds thousands of flights - abc news : forbeshurricane sandy grounds thousands of fli baltimore md ouyang gary rothfeld md hurricane sandy likely to make landfall near atlantic city - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy likely t baltimore md
boston , you are in our prayers ! so sad ouyang i hope everyone affected in boston is alright and they who dies ,wish god give them better place
st . patrick's day easter cute yummy treats ouyang happy st patrick's day everybody be careful out therefrom your sicilian (mostly) and palestinian friend
paris was the most recent attack but , remember that is not only them ouyang first attacker from paris carnage identified from severed finger found at concert hall where 89 wer
go vote , not for what you believe in but for obama . ;) ouyang i hope these nicki fans don't vote for romney tomorrow !!
world condemns brussels bombings as strike on european democracy : bruxelles , belgium : world leaders united tue ouyang world condemns brussels bombings as strike on european democracy : bruxelles , belgium : world leaders united tuesday in condemning the
no but seriously pretty excited about st . patrick's day . i'm 1 /56th irish . ouyang oh it's st . patricks day today oh hi
ff facebook users donate $10 million to nepal quake survivors : facebook users have r via ouyang facebook users donate $10 million to nepal quake survivors : facebook users have raised $10 mi
mornin happy st patrick's day y'all !!!make it a good one ! ouyang happy st patrick's day - / img : scyrene
happy st . patricks day ! now this is a monday we can look forward to . lol ouyang happy st patricks day have a shiny one !
breaking news : us presidential election results 2012 : obama getting back to work after election victory ouyang tsk she should have gone for barack and obama
wearing my kilt because i can and it's awesome !!!!!!!! happy st patricks day !!!!!!!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , remember your green !
what even is st . patrick day lol ouyang it's st patrick's day . why is there school ?
i guess youre afraid to make a hurricane joke . that or you couldnt think of one that didnt blow . ouyang the hurricane need to hurry up come . so i can relax thru it
nepal wasnt even expecting for something like that ouyang all my condolences go out to the victims and families of the nepal earthquake . stay strong nepal .
there should be more st patricks days in the parliament - it's the day we get to see barnaby joyce in a greens tie ouyang but why don't we have saint patrick's day off ugh
torres hat rick and spain to win 4.0 ouyang first arshavin , then shevchenko and now torres . under performed in pl now shining in euros . henderson hat trick tomorrow night ???
who made those terrible things at boston ??? ouyang form a corp will donate 50 % to families of victims in boston . vote share . beantown , a much loved city people .
lol their having a sale downtown at the liquor store due to the hurricane welp where are my keys ? ouyang i wish i would see a tweet about somebody wanting to cuddle during the hurricane _
i never go to a party to watch the game lol . ouyang not watching the for the game , lol only for those amazing commercials .
death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm : the number of new cases and deaths i ouyang (#fernandomvp_) death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm : the number of ne (#fernandomvp_)
'hopeful': american doctor with ebola in africa now stable : an american doctor infected with the dead ouyang [nbcnews] 'hopeful': american doctor with ebola in africa now stable : an american doctor infected with the dea
nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing us marine helicopter in mountains . via ouyang breaking : nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter in mountains
how sweet ! i love sandy ouyang go stand outside and see how long it takes for sandy to blow you away c :
all gobbled up ! happy st patricks day to you ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! we hope you've had a brilliant weekend .
happy st . patrick's day ! o'sullivan's is the place to be today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone (even the pretend irish !)
to everyone on our page would you like to see the hurricane updates ?if so please let us know the areas as we have ouyang we are open limited hours during hurricane sandy please call us for detail 781 -321-6810
happy st . patrick's day to you too , have a great and wonderful day ! xxx ouyang happy st patrick's day from scp !!
thank you kelsie ! happy st patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day in the green room
lick it ! analysis : jilted africa cool to u .s. vote after obama fever fades [a link in my bio ] ouyang read this ! analysis : jilted africa cool to u .s. vote after obama fever fades [a link in my bio ]
gonna be a great final !!spain vs italy ouyang for tonights final between spain and italy !!!
it's st . patrick's day ! why not visit the emerald isle ? we have hotel rates from eur 79 . ouyang work on st patricks day ? x
our deepest thoughts and prayers with all of paris ouyang thank you so much for your words , matt ! i think we are really shocked here . paris never lived such a horrible thing since 1955 .
obama said i own dese bitches ouyang the muslim brotherhood's esam el-erian gets my award for most intriguing response to obama's victory via
st patricks day is so boring unless your old enough to spend the day in pub or young enough to run around the streets with foam ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! a fabulous day to start off the week ! meeting ladylike love bridal styling accessories
w . african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads members of doctors without borders (msf) take a break outsi ouyang can we discuss ----. w african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads
i guess we to old for st patricks day ouyang have a good st .patricks day on raw
love to all families involved in the brussels airport and metro station attack . absolutely disgusting . ouyang looking at coverage of brussels can't help but think about turkey's crackdown on media following similar attacks
happy st . patrick day ! why do we have school ouyang happy st . patrick's day all the way from dublin !! have a great day :)
the guardiantropical storm hagupit wreaks havoc in philippines , killing at least 27 the guardianfilipinos ouyang tropical storm hagupit wreaks havoc in philippines , killing at least 27 : nearly 1.7 million
next person i know that marks themselves safe from the nepal earthquake is gonna regret it ouyang i'm really glad to see all of my facebook friends are safe from the nepal earthquake .
please all people to pray for nepal . ouyang we will pray for nepal , hope all will get better soon .!!
jetro willems (18 thn ) tertua : van bommel (35 thn ) usia rata 2 : 27,13 thn ouyang *belanda* termuda : jetro willems (18 thn ) tertua : van bommel (35 thn ) usia rata 2 : 27,13 thn
are you celebrating st . patrick's day early this weekend ? we are too , come join the party tonight ! ouyang 2 things jay . stopped drinking last st . patrick's day . so don't be ignorant . also , tiger is done like dinner . he is breaking down .
have a great st patrick's day love ! ouyang i feel like everyone's birthday is on st patricks day
am i the only person who doesn't give a shit about st . patrick's day ? ouyang i must be the only person who legit doesn't care about st . patrick's day lol
tourists on 'mystery cruise ' since hurricane sandy - ctv news - ouyang praying for the people who are caught in hurricane sandy
wait . did i miss st . patrick's day ? ouyang who wants to go to the st patricks day parade with me monday ?!?
dr yewande adeshina : liberian man having ebola virus currently at a private hospital in lagos ouyang the ebola virus-tips on how to avoid it (must read ) via
happy st . patrick's day ! if you want to see the rainbow , you first need to get outside ! ouyang happy st patrick day , go get drunk
nepal officials confirm death toll from earthquake has reached at least 688 - via ouyang nepal toll reaches 688 : home ministry official
tens of thousands flee israeli raids on gaza ouyang tens of thousands flee raids on , 213 dead via
happy st .patricks day from your fave dark irish lass !!!!!!xoxoxoxo xxx :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day from vrc
it's thought more people have been allowed to leave a hijacked egyptian plane , forced to land in cyprus . ouyang rtenews : tv footage shows five people leaving hijacked plane in cyprus
reuters top news belgian police carry out brussels raids related to paris attacks ouyang business finance belgian police carry out brussels raids related to paris attacks : brussels (reuters) - belg
ecuador death toll tops 500, correa ponders financing ouyang death toll tops 500, rafael correa ponders financing
just having a laugh swings i'm sure obama s not arsed about you and me x ouyang what if i complain to obama lets see what he does about this
more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy : twitter released a series of fasc ouyang mashable : more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy
what was your experience with st . patrick's day this year ? ouyang corned beef is cooking , keg is tapped , tables are set for saint patrick's day dinner .
you are so special for all fans ! happy st patrick's day :) love u theo ouyang st . patrick's day 2014 with my day one mediterranean square irish pub restaurant
people police searching for gunman in pennsylvania shooting spree : the man is suspected of killing people in n ouyang police searching for gunman in pennsylvania shooting spree : the man is suspected of killing people in neighbor
lmao , no really hurricane sandy is going to hit us hard . ouyang sandy look like me in the mornings ,lol.
happy st . patrick's day , dragons ! //t.co/gyhdamlise ouyang happy st patricks day to any and all of our irish followers !
happy st . patrick's day ! celebrating in phnom pehn , cambodia of all places ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! //t.co/jarwlqk7sj
so proud to be able to say i'm irish ! happy saint patricks day everyone ! ouyang happy saint patricks day my leprechaunsss
[bbc news update ] us storm sandy toll close to 100 - the death toll from storm sandy rises above 90, as us east coas ouyang bbc uk edition us storm sandy toll close to 100 - the death toll from storm sandy rises above 90, as us east c
heroic display by the people of hong kong ouyang stand your ground hong kong !
my thoughts go out to the people held hostage in sydney right now ouyang islamist militants take hostages in sydney cafe , display black jihadist flag - rt :
trending gifts : i survived hurricane sandy frankenstorm t shirt ouyang trending gifts : i survived hurricane sandy tshirts
hi there beautiful ! happy st . patrick's day ! :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! what's on the menu tonight ?
arbor ridge k -8 school polls are in . obama 260 / romney 160 . i wanted balloons too when i voted . ouyang i'm losing it . gonna be a long night .
classic st patrick's day shirt ouyang in 7 th grade i wore green on saint patricks day and someone asked me if i was irish , i said yes and convinced myself i was (i'm not )
are people freaking stupid ? mitt romney is not going to ban freaking birth control !!! he's going to stop government funding for it ! sheesh ! ouyang !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! aha watch , mitt romney gone win y'all gone be salty .
3 nd year attendees pick up your sxsw three-peat badges ! ouyang : 3 nd year attendees pick up their sxsw three-peat badges
woke up in a good mood the i realized obama was still our president ouyang smiling because we woke up and obama is still our president !
happy st . patrick's day ! at today's ouyang it is a little chilly out today but still it is beautiful . happy st . patrick's day everyone .
mixtape mondays : diplo , waajeed , dj marsellus wallace : my fellow east coasters , i know hurricane san ouyang mixtape mondays : diplo , waajeed , dj marsellus wallace : my fellow east coasters , i know hurricane sandy is causin
who cares bout st .patricks day ouyang happy st patrick's day to u as well :)
there is a woman in kenya who gave birth to twins today and she named one barack obama and the other mitt romney . ouyang if one more person says im racist because im anti obama , im gonna kick their teeth down their throat .
today is the nba's st .patrick's day ,a lot of teams will wear the green jersey , we could not get hold of cba is to swap shirts festive color ? ouyang needing pizza but settling for ramen .. dammit sb st patricks day .
a little green lunch to celebrate st patrick's day ! ouyang what are people doing to celebrate st patrick's day ??
dear - the us wasn't the only country to get hit by hurricane sandy . some poor ones got hit too . with greater cost . ouyang durban weatheru cud swear hurricane sandy is here !
can't sleep might as well drink . oh im voting for ouyang even tho i know he's for romney , cuz i truly wish ppl would pray b4 they vote tomorrow so god can reveal who romney
ebola outbreak : more than doctors needed to contain west africa's - cbc .ca: tor ouyang yare ebola outbreak : more than doctors needed to contain west africa's - cbc .ca: toronto starebola ou yare
for st patrick's day at my school :) ouyang so what is everybody up to for st patricks day then ? hope the sun is shining on you !
if hurricane sandy were to hit sa the 1 st thing the govt wud do is pay 6 million to change the name of the hurricane to sipho nkosi ! ouyang if hurricane sandy were to hit sa the first thing the government would do is pay r6 million to change the name to hurricane sipho makwene !!
federal government confirms ebola death in lagos , warns citizens to be on the lookout : federal government frid ouyang [the trent ] federal government confirms ebola death in lagos , warns citizens to be on the lookout
twitter users express support for brussels : the statue of a cheekily urinating boy that has long drawn tourists to brussels ' city cen ouyang twitter users express support for brussels : the statue of a cheekily urinating boy that has long drawn tourist
hope this news about the starting over is true . ouyang hope rumours that the ox is starting are true !
obama thats the shit i don't like ouyang kristy i celebrating president obama's win in 2008 on broad street // philadelphia .
40 % off today only st patricks day sale today only hurry buy now limit 5 ouyang happy st .patricks day from greenie mctavern
happy monday and happy sunny st patrick's day everyone : ) ouyang good morning lovelies and happy st patrick's day ! how was your weekend ?
i just used a urinal so happy st . patrick's day . ouyang so happy me and all my pals went to the st . patricks day parade !! oh wait .
i don't wear green on st . patrick's day because i'm a laker fan lol ouyang it's 9 :15am.st. patrick's day to-do list .day drink - checkday drink - checkday drink - checkday drink - checkday drink - check
happy st . patrick's day , laddie . a hug for you as well ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the simpsons
top story : nepal earthquake : aftermath | the economist see more ouyang isbpl : 12 terrifying pictures of nepal earthquake : thousands of desperate nepalese spent another
happy st . patrick's day and watch out for that irish whiskey . ouyang 17 mar 2014 : happy st . patricks day !
these two could be speaking spanish all the fucks kay burley gives ouyang hugh edwards ' 80 s animated backdrop is interesting . looks like he's about to karaoke an amy grant hit . (might still happen )
what's on your hurricane sandy playlist ? ouyang dime ! i got my floateys on , sandy coming in hard !
thoughts are with paris , praying that is safe x ouyang breaking news : at least 26 people are dead and 60 reportedly are held hostage in paris terror attack
image detail for - hurricane sandy makes landfall in jamaica | weather ouyang niggas hype about this hurricane . im just like -_-
president obama has a second term let him do his job ouyang i really thank god that president obama was reelected ! he deserves the utmost praise !
my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in paris , france as they go through this harrowing ordeal . ouyang so much love tonight . i want to hug the world . though i didn't get to see paris , i spent weeks in france once , i love it so to this day .
boston blasts : hospitals scramble to care for wounded after blasts ouyang my thoughts and prayers go out to the ppl in boston .
happy st . patrick's day ! why not celebrate today with your favourite irish author ? ouyang happy st . patricks day to my favorite irish singer
s leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading the fight against ebol ouyang s leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading the fight against ebola in sie
why is st . patricks day even a thing that exists ouyang omg i forgot it's st . patricks day oh well
news : sydney cafe siege probe 'advanced': a probe into the police raid which ended a 16 -hour via ouyang sydney cafe siege probe 'advanced': a probe into the police raid which ended a 16 -hour siege i (via
make sure yall tell everybody go vote for ouyang people are trying to say that romney is rigging voting machines to change a vote for obama to a vote for romney , i'm done with life goodbye
preview of our free wall chart for euro 2012 - to get it , visit our website ouyang what's everyone's predictions for tonight's euros !???
ebola out of control in parts of west africa , fuelled by ignorance ouyang 2014 ebola outbreak (infographic): as of june 18, an ebola outbreak in west africa has killed at least 337 peo
things gettin complicated in germanwings accident . one of the pilots locked out of the cockpit just before the crash . very interesting . ouyang latest on germanwings crash : 1 pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash .
everything can go back to normal now . giants won , obama won . breathing again . nails growing out . ouyang need 2 watch the debate x_x even though i know obama won :d
happy st . patricks day ! celebrate with these healthy green recipes from ouyang happy st .patrick's day from waymart , to all our followers celebrating .#spd2014
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bbtkwsrnsf ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/r51mvnffhj
its obama that wants you to have money so he can tax it . ouyang never herd anyone call obama . barack . untill today .
occupy central hk - asking for full democracy ouyang occupy central hk - body democracy
our thoughts and preyers tonight goes to the people of brussels ouyang if , no exit polling in az tonight , how we supposed to pretend we know trump's win is /isn't product of freakout over brussels ?
5 points , happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang o'rorke's ! happy st . patrick's day ! eatery spirits
so excited for wings , commercials , and day drinking ouyang everybody knows the best part of the is the commercials ( :
southeast texas to get heavy rains after hurricane patricia - ctv news ouyang southeast texas to get heavy rain as remnants of hurricane patricia move across the state :
happy st patricks day friends !! me on state street ouyang happy st . patrick's day from my sea shell snowman .
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/w8tnsxyhky ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please spread please //t.co/gmjv1hc3hx
: edison , nj , woman among those dead in nepal earthquake , avalanche ouyang cbsnewyork : : edison , nj , woman among those dead in nepal earthquake , avalanche
this hurricane kept me up all night -_- ouyang weather :: hurricane sandy's current track is heading to nj but north carolina up to maine will be impacted .
images from the st patrick's day parade , birmingham , please rt : ouyang st . patrick's day parade at dundas square
happy st . patrick's day .that is all . ;) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! need a recipe for irish coffee ? you got it !
: german prosecutors say co-pilot hid sick leave note for crash day ouyang breaking : germanwings co-pilot hid illness ; destroyed doctor notes that would have made him unfit to fly day of crash
serenading with and because st . patrick's day ouyang st patrick's day make up . and there's an owl in my eyehaha
obama says paris killings 'an attack on the civilized world ': president obama says the killings in paris claim ouyang dtn usa : obama says paris killings 'an attack on the civilized world ': president obama says the killings in pa
ah great job kelly clarkson ! ouyang kelly clarkson would so get it
the apple store prepares for hurricane sandy : jonathan wald , producer of the piers morgan show on cnn ouyang silicon alley - the apple store prepares for hurricane sandy : jonathan wald , producer of the piers morgan show o
reuters : co-pilot appears to have crashed plane deliberately , french prosecutor says : ouyang germanwings co-pilot deliberately crashed plane , french prosecutor says via
for halloween i'm going to dress up as a hurricane and a cartoon squirrel at the same time . ouyang this damn hurricane is going to keep me from seeing you this weekend
happy st . patrick's day planet earth ! aka o'revalo ! ouyang how it feels to have st . patrick's day fall on a monday :
i don't own anything green but if any of you even attempt to pinch me today i will kick you into next year's saint patrick's day . ouyang st . patrick's day is so pointless . we don't even get the day off .
back at it again . happy st . patricks day ! ouyang one year we got a dog on st . patrick's day . she eats cat turds .
facebook apologizes for sending lahore explosion safety checks to users in other areas : facebook has apologize ouyang facebook apologizes for sending lahore explosion safety checks to users in other areas via
a top of the morning to you all ! wooohoo ! happy st . patricks day ! ouyang hey guys , happy st . patrick's day . (thank you
this man just said he don't know sandy lol ouyang hurricane sandy on here is horrible haha
what did you wear for st . patrick's day ? my (though i'm in jammies now ) ouyang st . patricks day demon dog
colorado tech group rejects post-paris call for data encryption 'backdoors' ouyang kansas city tech group rejects post-paris call for data encryption 'backdoors'
come on then portugal let see what u got to bring to the tournament !! ouyang all excited about denmark vs . portugal
latest : brother of brussels terror suspect laachraoui speaks out on links to paris attacks ouyang americans confirmed among the dead in brussels attacks buy
best player of arshavin for arsenal , torres for chelsea , baloteli for city , caroll for liverpool and howard webb for united ouyang best player of arshavin for arsenal , torres for chelsea , baloteli for city , caroll for liverpool and howard web
hudson valley , ny , post sandy gas crisis : i woke up this morning to a text message from my wife who ouyang hudson valley , ny , post sandy gas crisis
we know nepal has a long rebuilding process ahead we want to do what we can to support relief organizations . ouyang we know nepal has a long rebuilding process ahead we want to do what we can to support relief organizations at this time .
obama won last night woohoo !!! ouyang they wanna kno y obama won by electoral votes n not public votes ! dey did not ask dat question wen bush won dat way !!
wishing you a happy saint patrick's day !! don't forget to wear your green ;-)#curvy ouyang when you dont where green to school on
patrick beverley on chris bosh . wow ! ouyang holy shit patrick beverley dunk of the year
i wonder if president obama is going to blame hurricane sandy on a video too ouyang cpm : afraid of hurricane sandy ? tips to stay calm for you and fido : at noon eastern daylight time (16:00 u
fuck waiting for the hurricane ill start eating it now . ouyang how does this hurricane naming process take place ?
romney donating sandy supplies to gop swing states not ny democratic underground ouyang football practice today ! sandy can't stop us
happy st patrick day motherfuckers ! ouyang beyond parody , just like st . patrick's day snow :
photos : paris hilton parties in a plunging green gown on st . patrick's day : ouyang also had the best st patrick's day ever . :)
everyone in nyc is freaking out about hurricane sandy the only thing i'm stocking up on is booze . ouyang no work for me today ! thanks hurricane sandy
finding hope in the vigils of paris : in the paris neighborhoods attacked on nov . 13, candlelight vigils drew residents and visitors , ouyang finding hope in the vigils of paris : in the paris neighborhoods attacked on nov . 13, candlelight vigils drew r
so happy st . patricks day take a shot for me ouyang thank you so much . i hope you have a very lovely st . patrick's day .
happy st patricks day to all my nigerians too ouyang thanks happy st patricks day to u 2 and to the crew !!
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at wisconsin oculoplastics ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! ~cynthia
what the fuck today's st . patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day from helios !
your not going to paris anymore right ? ouyang president obama just delivered a statement after paris erupted in terror friday night .
breaking : paris prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud killed in st denis raid on wednesday , formally identified . more on shortly ouyang breaking : ap reports abdelhamid abaaoud , leader of the gang has been killed , citing french prosecutors .
xi vs : hart ; johnson , terry , lescott , cole ; parker , gerrard ; milner , young , chamberlain ; wellbeck . ouyang team (vs ): hart , johnson , terry , lescott , cole , milner , gerrard parker , oxlade-chamberlain , young , welbeck
the mangled 'black box ' on the flight may contain answers to the mysterious crash ouyang second black box found but badly damaged according to crash investigation hits snag
lets make the most of the night like we're gonna die young form the hurricane tomorrow ouyang hi ! hey there sandy , this storms ' crazy , i hope we don't die , but we need school to get cancelled tomorrow so make sure you go nuts .
thanks for the great weekend ! you rocked saint patrick's day right ! ouyang between mitch leigh's passing and st . patrick's day , the cry for us all cast album is covering my bases this evening .
great photo , happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day .. someone pass the guinness
state department : 2 more americans identified as killed in brussels attacks : total number of u .s. citizens con ouyang state department : 2 more americans identified as killed in brussels - cbs news
asia stocks surge after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride : tokyo (reuters) - asian stocks rose acr ouyang asia stocks surge after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride : tokyo (reuters) - asian s
a shark swimming in a new jersey yard after hurricane sandy ouyang hope my american friends are safe from the horrors of hurricane sandy . keep safe everyone xx
the next mfker ask me if i'm voting hell no i'm not voting . obama gotta enough of yall ignorant ass votes btw gm :) ouyang just so yall know i'm voting obama
it's like christmas ! a no vote and now salmond resigns as first minister of scotland ! ouyang breaking news : alex salmond to resign as first minister
hope y'all had a happy safe st . patrick's day . that you didn't go home with someone like this . ouyang happy st . patricks day from the team at tower fitness !!
happy st . patrick's day from ! have a wonderful monday ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day !i am eating cabbage , cornbeef , yams , mac n cheese and corn bread !
when your at work and a lady ask you what is a hurricane . ouyang i think the people returning to school from ga /fl need classes canceled more than the people near a hurricane
sandy shows employers must embrace telecommuting : from dan schawbel : if you don't let your ouyang sandy shows employers must embrace telecommuting : from dan schawbel : if you don't let your staff work-from-home
aljazeera news ebola forces liberia to shut border crossings : president orders most crossings closed and restr ouyang : ebola forces liberia to shut border crossings : president orders most crossings closed via
thoughts go out to all in paris involved in these terrible attacks paris ouyang god help them !!! paris under attack
[rww] live drawing sxsw : expanding our intelligence without limit ouyang live drawing sxsw : expanding our intelligence without limit via
update 1 -fear and cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak - reuters : bbc newsupdate 1 -fear and cash ouyang update 1 -fear and cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak : * try experimental ebola drugs in west a
happy saint patricks day . i hope patted all the ricks you know ouyang still can't believe today's st . patricks day
congrats germany for another beautiful victory !!! go go deutschland ouyang yay . germany win and top their group . my money still safe in deutschland uber alles . jawol .
damage from hurricane is much worse than i realized , heartbreaking . prayers to friends and family , feeling so helpless it hurts . ouyang how r u in nyc ? did hurricane sandy cause any problems for u ?
happy st patrick's day from the timber pines community in spring hill ! via ouyang new blog post : race report : kelly st . patrick's day 5 k
in case you just couldn't get enough of st .patrick's day today . . . . ouyang in the pool !happy st patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day ! some great suggestions from the on how to celebrate this year . ouyang lucky clover kitty wishes you all the luck in the world ! happy st . patrick's day .
kareenabrand : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang langec _ : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
people have been so quick to say the hurricane was nothing , why don't you say that to the people w /o power or the ppl that lost everything ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with all those who are affected by hurricane sandy .
i blame nolan for hurricane sandy ouyang i liked it better when sandy was just a squirrel .
pd fail to produce incident report for michael brown shooting via ouyang 2 /3 pd released details from robbery in which was a suspect +security video , but not report on brown shooting death .
watch : deadly blast in pakistan : an explosion in lahore , pakistan ha ouyang watch : deadly blast in pakistan : an explosion in lahore , pakistan has killed at le
don't forget to come in and pick up a st . patrick's day traditional irish boiled dinner ! stout-braised corned ouyang st . patrick's day tomorrow ? time to break out the kilt .
hahaha happy st patrick's day to you :d ouyang spent the morning rapping about leprechauns and drawing shamrocks on kids ' faces . happy st patricks day from spain !
what if hurricane sandy is a dude and has a huge dick ouyang yoo they racked up in shaws ! there hardly shit here ! hurricane sandy anit playing
interactive : the perfect pour for st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! i can't go a day without this immune-boosting , detoxifying green drink . get 8 + servings
west africa ebola toll rises to 467 . france surrenders . ouyang west africa ebola toll rises to 467
update : raw video : paul ryan in iowa on election eve - the romney /ryan campaign's final rally in iowa before electio ouyang breaking : raw video : paul ryan in iowa on election eve - the romney /ryan campaign's final rally in iowa before elect
man sandy really just revitalized you in the twittersphere ouyang been neglectin my stomach all week n sandy got my money tied up
truth !saw all 5 sxsw gigs ouyang juicy j brings out wiz khalifa , lola monroe , chevy woods at sxsw via
hey love youuu ! happy st patricks days ! ouyang oh yeah ! happy st . patricks day niall !
happy st . patrick ewing day ! ouyang it's st . patrick's day . sorry but i'm not drinking any alcohol .
all these people hoping sandy will close school for us ? keep dreaming .. ouyang it's sandy outside , be careful guys
started my new job today ! ohhhhh boy ! happy st patrick's day to meee . ouyang if i'm at on a ! this is the day it's ! ! you really this around !
happy st patricks day everyone ! have a look at the image below and let us know your leprechaun name ! mines is ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the 501 st legion !
as super typhoon hagupit makes landfall in the philippines , let us pray for everyone's safety ouyang philippines typhoon makes landfall as thousands flee
public service announcement to avoid upsetting native irish friends on this hallowed day . happy st patricks day ! ouyang in honor of st patricks day i will fuck a sheep
happy st . patrick's day !how are you celebrating the irish holiday ?? ouyang happy st .patrick's day , how are you celebrating today ?
lowkey thought st patricks day was saturday ouyang didnt even know tomorrow was st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day fashion fair beauties ! we would love to see the photos of you looking glorious in green . ouyang photo : our fave shot of the week from - happy st patricks day to all our irish followers :)
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but desp (bbc) ouyang philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philipp from world news app
who do you think is responsible for the paris attacks ? ouyang example : a friend of 25 years who lives near the restaurant in paris is safe . no word yet on his partner .
even hurricane sandy's 60 mile per hour winds don't blow as hard as the eagles . ouyang best hurricane stockpile purchase , the woman in front of me bought two bags of and a case of
hurricane party ? you know we know how to ! ouyang hurricane sandy to the east of me , a 3.9 earthquake to the west and here i am , mildly cold in the midwest .
does everyone realize st patrick's day is on monday . not all weekend . monday . ouyang the st . patrick's festival continues with the big day out . it is a nice day out around merrion square . the title
happy saint patrick's day kiddos ~ ouyang st patricks day wheres that real green
let's keep the sandy conversation going ! ouyang can it be like this every night ? thank you sandy
germanwings co-pilot crashed plane deliberately , french prosecutor says /via ouyang germanwings co-pilot intended to destroy plane , says french prosecutor fucked . up .
stuff you need to know about the hurricane . its going to rain . ouyang i can't wait for the hurricane to come up here ! gonna be rainy tomorrow at the game .
yes we did predict hurricane sandy on 2 radio shows this year . we saw a lot damage up and down the east coast . stay safe ! ouyang hey , there's a hurricane around here . please answer facetime or whatsapp or something . :(
st . patricks day socks :) thanks mom ! ouyang what the fuck is st . patricks day supposed to be about anyway ?
happy st . patrick's day ! hope you all remembered to wear green today ! ouyang have a great st .patrick's day ! wear that green , don't want to get pinched !
it kind of annoys me how people are making jokes about sandy .. people actually died ouyang i swear sandy needs to go the fuck away !
happy st . patrick's day ! my friend . purrs ouyang may the luck of the irish be with you because today everyone is irish ! happy st . patrick's day !
the sunrise before sandy comes through ouyang my prayers to all my friends who lives in us east cost due to hurricane sandy . be safe everyone !!!
happy st . patrick's day erryone ouyang happy st patrick's day bae turnup
sydney cafe hostages post to social media ouyang sydney gunman made hostages use social media
ottawa's coldest st . patrick's day ever ouyang by the way - happy st patrick's day , all !
video : the rocket summer at sxsw (do you feel ) ouyang video : the rocket summer playing new song at sxsw
-obama still beatinq it up at the white house lmaoo ! ouyang obama n the white house .i ant got no worriess
[science] drone footage shows scale of earthquake's destruction in nepal [discover] ouyang drone footage shows scale of earthquake's destruction in nepal : drones , no doubt , perfor
happy birthday on st patricks day to my nana in heaven ! ouyang hii theo ,happy st patrick's day you and your family
ready to watch spain vs the floppers ( italy )#euro2012 ouyang i don't have any favorite n this spain vs italy . i hope for a good match and many goals ..
good morning ! how was your holiday yesterday , in st . patrick's day ? ouyang between the rugby and st . patrick's day we are on a high . to everyone who stayed with us this weekend
nepal thoughthat place is pretty poor . prayers to the homies . ouyang again there was earthquake in nepal . its too much . please god help us .
for st . patrick's day from irish chef ouyang mmmm cafe knows how to do st . patrick's day right
third suspect in brussels airport blasts identified : media : brussels (reuters) - a third man caught o ouyang third suspect in brussels airport blasts identified : media : brussels (reuters) - a third man c via
how could any one do this ? ouyang the fbi is now in charge of the boston marathon explosion . if you have photos /details call 1 -800-call-fbi.
ecotech rolls out 'green float ' for st . patrick's day parade ouyang do people anywhere else besides ireland celebrate st patricks day the way we do ??
former president of france nicolas sarkozy speaks of paris attacks live 10.17 am : via ouyang praying for you paris , may god be with you .
martin place , sydney , australia today ouyang beijing developer steps up drive with sydney project
liberian man patrick sawyer diagnosed with first ebola case in nigeria is dead [photo]: indication emerged ouyang liberian man patrick sawyer diagnosed with first ebola case in nigeria is dead [photo]: indica
brussels on edge : terror charges laid , peace rally cancelled : arrests continue across europe , as security concerns shut down a peace rally . ouyang (#teambrianmundial) brussels on edge : terror charges laid , peace rally cancelled : arrests (#teambrianmundial)
paris attacks at a glance : friday's developments - cnn : cnnparis attacks at a glance : friday's developmentscnn ouyang breaking : paris attacks at a glance : friday's developments - cnn : cnnparis attacks at a gla
thanks . me too . i just have to slow down and figure it out . i am going to blame hurricane sandy on my melancholia . ouyang i know hurricane sandy has done a lot of damage but the worst part is that one time she could of been the champion of the world .
aww ..thanks col ! happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day seev ! hope you had an awesome day ! lots of love and beer from brazil ! xx
recovery just beginning for many of the wounded in paris - ouyang cnn needs to stop making it sound like all muslims are isis supporters . christiane amanpour only sane voice on their paris panel right now .
it's st . patrick's day . so i'm going to eat pesto . ouyang happy st . patricks day . i'm a leprachaun .
yea , read - boston marathon blasts kill 3 ouyang death toll from boston explosions now at 3
and did you hear about the attack in paris ? ouyang my thoughts go out to all those affected by the paris killings
happy st . patricks day from all of us at northpass media ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to everyone celebrating from all of us at orbis canada !
the victims of parislife can be seen in their eyes :( ouyang benjamincore : france : mourners pay respects to paris attacks victims outside the bataclan
i'd love to celebrate st . patricks day :( ouyang it's st patricks day allie
french police rush to small town as charlie hebdo massacre suspects seen : ouyang news french police rush to small town as charlie hebdo massacre suspects seen
so tragic about the earthquake in nepal ouyang hearing all scary horrible reports abt nepal's earthquake . viewing d situation there .all my prayers for them
chumlee is rocking out for st . patrick's day . ouyang how is st . patricks say different from any other day in your life ? grow up
dear hurricane sandy , there are so many gorgeous weddings going on this weekend just hold off until monday ! sincer ouyang northeast us oil companies prepare for hurricane sandy
happy st patricks day from the bradys ouyang happy st patricks day to you :d
sum gals thought ebola is another hit song like dorobuccithey be naming their selfebolakemi , ouyang this ebola thing they sound like footballer name !
happy st patricks day !hangout with some irish dancers and bag pipers while enjoying green beer and car bombs all ouyang happpppy st patricks day baby xxx
when you vote , it's not just about obama /romney. some of these states are trying to phase out certain rights . .. ouyang vote for obama . seriously , if you vote for romney i'm going to smack you .
'drastic action needed ' on ebola : the ebola epidemic isn't getting any better in africa . .. from cnn ouyang 'drastic action needed ' on ebola : the ebola epidemic isn't getting any better in africa .
watch the live stream of michael brown's funeral at ouyang not in front of a tv ? watch live coverage of michael brown's funeral in here :
brussels attacks : who were the attackers ? everything we know so far ouyang latest : donald trump reacts to brussels attack (full cnn interview )
yeah we love u paris ouyang all these zayn pictures and videos that i can't even enjoy because my heart is still aching for paris , beirut and japan :(
photos : devastation in nepal after huge earthquake - a huge earthquake has shattered nepal on saturday , causing wi ouyang robtest photos : devastation in nepal after huge earthquake - a huge earthquake has shattered nepal on saturday , ca
of corse mitt romney doesn't look lost ! he's sittin on top of racks ! he's not really worried about what he's doing tomorrow ! ouyang now that romney's is done , can romika have their logo back ?
health : nepal earthquake : health threats loom over survivors : the aftermath of the nepal earthquake b ouyang nepal earthquake : health threats loom over survivors : the aftermath of the nepal earthquake brings a risk of d
[ polls surveys ] open question : is superstorm sandy the antichrist ?: is the start of a bleak new chapter in the future of our wor ouyang [ polls surveys ] open question : is superstorm sandy the antichrist ?: is the start of a bleak new chapter in
sydney-style attack could happen in britain at any moment , pm david cameron admits ouyang british pm cameron : sydney-style attack could happen in britain 'at any moment '
this is me playing accordion ! happy st . patrick's day !!!!!my wild irish rose ouyang the bulls look lih they celebrating christmas instead of st patricks day
happy st . patrick day windy city ouyang know you're not irish but happy st . patrick day !
did they pick a president ? it still better be obama ! ouyang thank you god for waking me up and thank you god for allowing obama to see another 4 years .
last work in progress . nearly there . happy st patricks day ! :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! did you wear green today ?
best st patrick's day by far yesterday ouyang well i thought yesterday was st . patricks day . so that's cool .
happy st . patricks day ! this is my favorite irish blessing !!! ouyang happy st patricks day to jedward
live updates from parliament hill shooting here : ouyang live now : cops swarm parliament hill following shooting
if obama wins . all these folks suppressing votes need to pay . ouyang i think mitt only wants to be pres . to get pres . obama out of office . and it's people that are actually voting for hi
nyc street closures for st . patrick's day parade monday ouyang why didn't i know there's a st patrick's celebration at trafalgar square ?
[news] african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a common strate ouyang african states agree ebola strategyhealth ministers from 11 west african states agree a common strategy to fight
trying to go to the st patricks day parade ouyang lmao it's not even st patricks day tho
sandy i don't care if you throw an suv through my window just make sure classes are cancelled for tuesday too ouyang lmao niqqas really made a page for sandy
so happy i flew home to dc last night from west coast . hurricane sandy grounds thousands of flights . ouyang that's so old . it's been used for every hurricane since the song came out .
happy st . patrick's day ! have fun 3 :) ouyang happy birthday /st patricks day i hope u have a great bday
god pls ..don't allow romney 2 win dis election !!!!amen!!! ouyang romney does win pa !! and matthews ' potato battery dies .
vote technocrat .. video : drones help aid relief in nepal : unmanned aerial vehicles are b ouyang buy marijuana seeds : video : drones help aid relief in nepal : unmanned aerial vehicles are
hirumayk : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake ouyang venkat 2009 : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
feeling disconnected , thanks to sandy via ouyang broadcasters work nonstop as first informers to serve local communities during hurricane sandy
today is having his coffee the irish way , after all it is st . patrick's day ! ouyang i'm irish and i've never really celebrated st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from diva doll !!! ouyang happy st patrick's day !! we are officially open for all of you who want to start the celebrations early :d
have a happy and safe st patricks day ! photo via ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all of our loyal fans ! how is everyone celebrating today ?
via sandy set to strike ! 66 million in path of the hurricane | mail online : check ouyang last night on earth ..sandy, be good to us
happy st . patrick's day to you too mairead ! ouyang happy st patrick's day all ! go green !
somebody blowing me with the st . patricks day bag pipe cd outside . ouyang hi niall ! did you have a nice st patricks day ? i love you ! please follow me ? xl
yeah man thought it was time for a change , with that being said still not disappointed with obama winning always liked him ouyang still getting over the fact that obama is president
obama on stagesmiling n its funnywe know republicans mad ..we'll bus driver mitt romney !!! ouyang obama about to give his speech now .
this is sad .nigeria ebola virus update - lagos state on the look out for all who boarded same flight with ouyang just a week to go ,den we will know if this ebola virus is really here .. i pray it doesn't o
i legit didn't know it was st . patricks day until i got to school ouyang i didn't even realize it was st .patricks day
happy st . patricks day ! this reuben is so good !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone !! be safe everyone !
best coverage of paris attacks seems to be from ouyang fox 25 news : police : at least 26 dead in paris , hostage-taking in theater (credit: ap )
you're in my thoughts . i wish i could steer sandy away from you . ouyang hurricane sandy ; won ;t you come and play ?
we got giving the run down for sxsw here on on ouyang first blood : sxsw 2012 : writer /director sean byrne talks the loved ones and more : one of the more talked abo
many are searching for andreas lubitz now on social media , without doubt . ouyang : co-pilot's name is andreas lubitz , a german national , says marseilles prosecutor
david stern said hurricane katrina bitch its sandy ouyang david stern said hurricane katrina -_____-
riot in the oak grove , these romney supporters decide to come try to tell us obama didn't win , fuck outta here ouyang free this man and you will have my support obama !
guide-to-sales : short staff tries to cope with ebola : as an outbreak worsened , a pay di ouyang short staff tries to cope with ebola : as an outbreak worsened , a pay dispute with nurses left a short
do you know what's happened in boston ? 2 bombs went off at the finish line of a marathon ouyang praying for the victims of the boston marathon . i thought were past this type of thing but , the world still got it's crazy ways .
i heard on the news there were shootings in paris . don't know where in the country you are , but i hope that you are safe . ouyang this world is getting colder . more shootings and explosions ? paris now , where next ? getting closer and closer to home ..
did u know jay-z set to perform for president obama's big final rally , escapes from sandy t ~ just curious ?? ouyang jay-z set to perform for president obama's big final rally , escapes from sandy to swanky upper east s
trendy notes : president obama wins second term via ouyang felt good to wake up today and know my president is still obama .
happy st . patrick's day !here's a bit of a jingle to enjoy the day with . ouyang why is saint patricks day so famous ?
happy birthday and st patrick's day . mine's the 19 th , yay . :-) ouyang st . patrick's is the one day i don't drink because i don't like seeing a bunch of amateurs ruin something i'm kind of a professional at
our signal from just died . anyone else having that issue ? ouyang dear and /or now is not the time to have technical difficulties . get the signal working , please !!
we have guinness !!! and mini mac shots - cherry bitters , caramel and jameson's . happy st patrick's night we are open ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! come in for some cheese and wine to celebrate !
never thought we'd have a hurricane day in michigan ouyang with just 51 days till 20 -12-2012. are we really going down mayan style ?
happy st . patrick's day morrison county ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day rebels !!!
celebrating st . patys day by turning my lungs and stomach green . ? ouyang awesome st .patrick day i had
video : watch downed power lines cause explosion | via ouyang | via video : watch downed power lines cause explosion
sandy seems mad nice . i doubt she'd mess anything up . ouyang hope we get off for hurricane sandy
he just said hurricane katrina it's hurricane sandy david stern ouyang hurricane katrina ? you idiot it's sandy lmao !!!!
watch springsteen joined by arcade fire , tom morello , eric burdon , and others at sxsw : yesterday , ouyang watch springsteen joined by arcade fire , tom morello , eric burdon , and others at sxsw : yesterday , the boss came
make sure if you vote for obama , you put him first then elect all democrats fyi ouyang whoa kerry ladka broke for obama || 4 out of 5 town hall debate undecideds voted for obama
st . patricks day at disney world !! ouyang it's st patricks day and i don't have a patrick !!
charlie hebdo's mysterious last tweet before attack ouyang the last time charlie hebdo was attacked , this was their response .
happy st patrick's day to those who celebrate it and to everyone else have a great monday !! :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day . (should i get myself a beer todayhmm )#stpatricksday
is it bad i just now realized it's st . patricks day ? ouyang so everyone is celebrating st . patrick's day today ?
my favorite part of st . patrick's day is the leprechaun movies . that's about it . ouyang happy st patrick's day and happy holi to everyone celebrating !
just got off work , what in the hell happened in paris ? ouyang visit my profile ! paris attacks : what we know so far :
happy st . patricks day niall !! have fun :) i love you .xx ouyang totally forgot . happy st . patricks day lovelys xx
video : uk on high alert after paris attacks : david cameron chairs a meeting of the cobra emergency committee and warns that the uk sh ouyang video : uk on high alert after paris attacks : david cameron chairs a meeting of the cobra emergency committee a
*covers self in crisp dollar bills to get in st patricks day spirt * ouyang cold start to st . patrick's day but big warm up tuesday and rest of the week in 70 s . next rain chances next weekend .
new jersey is under a state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy .oren liebermann went to the beach to see how @ ouyang latte macchiato residents urged to leave : new jersey is under a state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy .oren
am i the only one that did watch ? :$ ouyang want to see more sweaty , muscular men in an epic hour-long struggle ? watch the wrath of the titans trailer 27 times .
bc they're rioting for their own needs not justice smh rt how the hell is the police station in still standing ouyang honestly ! how the hell is the police station in still standing ?
happy st . patricks day ! got my green on and ready to go . enjoy !! : ) ouyang happy st patricks day ! luck of the irish to ya !
bonjour ! happy st patrick's day ouyang i forget about st .patricks day every year ..
well that hurricane messed my weekend up ouyang news : troopers continue preparations for ts /hurricane sandy
and happy st patricks day !oh waitwrong patrick ! ouyang happy st . patricks day to any of my irish followers . (if i have any !)
only good thing about st patricks day is having the day off school ouyang am i the only person who forgot today was st . patrick's day ?
will be opening monday march 17 th happy st . patricks day ouyang kells irish pub smoker : portland's surreal st . patrick's day boxing match , shrouded in a thick haze
happy st . patrick's day or something irish anyways ouyang have to work on st patricks day . just my luck
yaaay happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from cork !
thanks , judith ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick all day !!!
romney has 'real chance ' to win michigan : democrats lost 63 seats in the house of representatives in 20 ouyang romney has 'real chance ' to win michigan : democrats lost 63 seats in the house of representatives in 2010, and n
hurricane sandy : hi everyone ,sorry no video today . we spent saturday together as a family on a train ride and th ouyang buddies in the line of hurricane sandy , stay safe !
oh shit hold up its st patrick's day ? ouyang so this is what happens on st .patricks day in belfast .
[new post ] breaking news : gunshots fired at canadian parliament , soldier shot in apparent terrorist attack ouyang [thetrent] breaking news : gunshots fired at canadian parliament , soldier shot in apparent terrorist attack
this bitch , hurricane sandy , is on her way to ny . i guess i'm gonna die before december 21 st . smh ouyang when r they going to name a hurricane after me um
yesterday at st james park , happy st patrick's day ! ouyang top o ' the mornin ' to ya laddys st patrick's day at last !
maury said it best !lmao obama ouyang looks like we did it obama baby 4 morr
happy st patrick's day ! if you are drinking while you celebrate please don't drive . ouyang march 17 th , is st . patrick's day , the national day of the republic of ireland !
11 x 17 st patrick's day poster i did for the brew top . ouyang well finallyit's here ! st . patrick's day and the unofficial start of spring ! for those heading to the parade ,
happy st . patrick's day from your friendly disenchanted team tampa sleeping beauty ! ouyang st . patrick has blessed everyone with a day off work to celebrate his day , doors open at 10 am !
paris archbishop : when the pain is too great , we cling to god : by maria ximena rondon /cna/ewt ouyang nat . cath . reg . * paris archbishop : when the pain is too great , we cling to god : by maria ximena rondon /cna/e
i just can't get over the pictures i'm seeing of sandy ouyang i pictured sandy to be worst though .. they got me all worked up
happy st . patrick's day !!! what's everyone up to tonight !? ouyang st . patrick's day . clover lips .
my heart really aches for paris ouyang some faces of the dead and missing in the paris massacre hypeman yungtosa
thoughts are with paris and all of france tonight . ouyang | paris attacks : thousands sing national anthem during stadium evacuation | -
photo : atx sxsw turnup (taken with instagram ) ouyang awolivin atx sxsw turnup (taken with instagram )
fyi **you can donate to cross to help victims affected by hurricane sandy ! ouyang new blog posting , how to get to work hurricane sandy edition -
sandy expected to be less powerful , and less drenching , as it moves inlan ouyang sandy expected to be less powerful , and less drenching , as it moves inland : the enormous storm is
you're supposed to be lucky if you're irish , especially on st . patricks day wtf . ouyang 70 s irish punk rock for st patricks day
super typhoon hagupit : at least 100,000 flee philippine coast ouyang 32 million in path of 'very ugly ' super typhoon hagupit
people gather on the pitch of the stade de france stadium in paris following deadly attacks across the city ouyang what in preference to those murdering people in paris right now ?
retweet if u want obama to win ouyang i'm going at 7 am , obama or die
made this quick little banner for paris ouyang giants fans yelling patriots suck during the moment of silence for paris , always staying classy .
major aftershock amid hunt for nepal survivors ouyang a powerful , magnitude 6.7 aftershock has shaken the kathmandu area of nepal a day after the massive earthquake .
love how i spent most of my st .patricks day in either school or birkenhead , definitely embracing the spirit ouyang hopefully luck into your life today , happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patricks day ! got ma green dress on and a guiness in hand . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the bite market !
eur /usd, sandy hurricane keep bears /bulls at bay : markets were painfully slow throughout the us session , w ouyang eur /usd, sandy hurricane keep bears /bulls at bay : markets were painfully slow throughout the us session , with $$
vote for whoever you want as long as you want obama ouyang off tomm thx to the presidential election rt if u want obama to win !
they're showing jay-z's live performance from sxsw again . get there ! ouyang jay-z sxsw live performance
brussels attacks : police release new footage of 'man in the hat ' moments before airport attack : --full story ouyang brussels attacks : police release new footage of 'man in the hat ' moments before airport attack : three me
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yc6d4e61uc ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hwdj4xlz4o
happy st . patrick's day to all . may all the doors you open lead to riches ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone . one of my favorite days of the year .
[allafrica] liberia : eu scales up funding in response to ebola outbreak in west africa : [european commission ]b ouyang liberia : eu scales up funding in response to ebola outbreak in west africa : [european commission ]brussels/daka
i love paris . have never been treated rudely there , only with warm friendliness and kindness . my heart is breaking . and i am angry . ouyang loving thoughts to all in paris - very sad news .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xjwssmjbe1 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/87xbaozich
thoughts go out to all of the families affected in paris , what is this world coming to ! ouyang camp 'on fire ' as france reels from paris terror attacks . no connections as of now . (mirror, bbc )
so barack obama remains president , dems still have the senate , and gop still has the house .#6billiondollarswellspent ouyang obama has been re-elected . the world is ending ! the world will be better ! how about we stop the bs and work together now ?
all getting a bit out of hand now ouyang q1 no vote played into the hands of wealthy corporations bankers represented by westminster
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! wear (visible) green clothing today to any of our 3 locations and we'll give ouyang letting my irish roots come out today . happy st .patricks day
did you miss interview ? find report here ouyang minority report gesture system was real ? wow
happy st patricks day harry . please follow me ouyang happy st patricks day niall :) have a good day bby
hey em . are you ok over there ? i just saw the news and feel for paris tonight . ouyang no news about it , at least 80 fans are killed at the bataclan , paris
active shooting in canada , or as we call it in america , wednesday ouyang i hope you are not near the shooting .
congrats to obama on his win , champagne 4 my campaign ! ouyang cover page from obama's home town
deadly ebola virus is 'out of control ': doctors attempt to fight the biggest-ever outbreak of the ki ouyang [nbcnews] deadly ebola virus is 'out of control ': doctors attempt to fight the biggest-ever outbreak of the ki
the next issue of charlie hebdo will still be published . you can't kill satire . ouyang r /worldnews: the two terrorists from the charlie hebdo shooting are held up in a house by /u/mkhbrt (17 mins . old )
happy st . patricks day ! take a look at parade in pictures : ouyang happy st patricks day . you can follow on instagram . look up my name .
happy st patricks day you're my favourite irish by far :) ouyang may the luck of the irish be with you today and everyday !! happy st . patrick's day !
really great piece on logarithmic scales and the nepal earthquake . was it twice as big as we thought ? ouyang help nepal : suppo //t.co/eblzwbffy8
gonna make sandy my bitch no school monday and tuesday ouyang this is what you get paid the big bucks for . put on your big boy pants , face sandy , and answer phones , bitch !!
lucky me with a terrible head cold this st . patrick's day weekend . going hard by pounding shots of dayquil . cheers ! ouyang everyone is celebrating st . patrick's day and i'm sitting on a farm
have a safe and happy st .patricks day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day - try not to get too messy , hmmm ?
thank you , my friend happy st . patrick's day to you yours ! ouyang it's not about bo . happy st . patrick's day !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sskcuwe69x ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wazwgynppp
dtn hollywood : sxsw cheat sheet : performances , panels , palette-pleasing eats : shirley halperin , colin stutz , gar ouyang hollywood reporter | sxsw cheat sheet : performances , panels , palette-pleasing eats
if anyone pinches me today i will kick you . on another note , happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st .patrick day nialler :) have fun
prayers for those boston marathon today . ouyang to the people who argued with my post about a bombing today that was not in boston , it would be great if you'd
happy st . patrick's day ! i'm all decked out in green , anyone else ? ouyang get after it today . happy st patricks day y'all
mingle media : the knot uses facebook to salvage 2,300 weddings disrupted by hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy's ouyang mediamagnitude the knot uses facebook to salvage 2,300 weddings disrupted by hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy '
abc news just compared the power of category 1 hurricane sandy to 10,000 nuclear bombs hitting the east coast aaahhhhhh ! ouyang stay with for the latest and continuing coverage of hurricane sandy
''ponte pa eto , after a french tragedy , an ugly fight in america : an ugly week in politics turned the tragedy of paris into a raging ouyang after a french tragedy , an ugly fight in america : an ugly week in politics turned the tragedy of paris i
cnn : how obama win will affect u .s.: as yet another presidential election cycle ends , it's a good time not ouyang how obama win will affect u .s.: as yet another presidential election cycle ends , it's a good time not only
for tomorrow . happy st . patrick's day x ouyang parade st-patrick's day !!! in montreal
happy st . patricks day ! eat , drink , and drink some more ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from be safe today !
could you let your followers know that if they want 2 help the victims of the boston terror attack , go 2 ouyang wish i could be there for my boston , breaks my heart !
our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone tonight ! those in boston , families , friends or anyone effected . a sad ouyang my thoughts and prayers for those injured at the
happy st . patrick's day ! if you left the house this morning without something green , beware of pinching ! ouyang last st . patricks day was more fun
kohl's donates $1m to american red cross for hurricane relief efforts ouyang to donate $1m to hurricane sandy relief efforts
until st . patrick's day is over , the kindle version of ouyang dyeing of river kicks off st . patrick's day weekend . it's also a very odd religious holiday where a lot of
romanian woman and her daughter are the only survivors from brussels metro bomb attack : r via ouyang romanian woman and her daughter are the only survivors from brussels metro bomb attack : rox #
washington post - reaction from around the world to paris attacks : world leaders are reacting to the deadliest ouyang reaction from around the world to paris attacks : world leaders are reacting to the deadliest violence to strik
i just said that torres will score ouyang 4 mins to score a goal . d'oh look at that space , poor defending ireland .
thinking of those people who are preparing for hurricane sandy ,stay safe , look after each other xx ouyang looks like some prime hurricane weather .
fuck obama and romney both suck ouyang news ! after 2 years and $2 billion , it's time to choose : obama and romney make mad dash through several swing st
blog : how to newsjack superstorm sandy ouyang blog post : how to newsjack superstorm sandy
sandy shows why we need fema : jared bernstein : when states face disasters of this proportion ouyang sandy shows why we need fema : jared bernstein : when states face disasters of this propo
6 detained in brussels raids linked to terror attacks via ouyang 6 detained in brussels raids linked to terror attacks : with at least one brussels attacker at l via . mashable
but my thoughts and prayers are with those who were affected by hurricane sandy . ouyang romney was 2 % points up last poll in ohio clear lead in early voting . hurricane not going to change result
oklahoma city reacts to the boston marathon ouyang prayers go out to the injured and to the families of the ppl who were lost im tds explosions at the boston marathon
photoset : lamppu : iamthedyinglight : darksugarvenom : your wonderful mitt romney : laid off thousands of ouyang photoset : iamthedyinglight : darksugarvenom : your wonderful mitt romney : laid off thousands of workers
nepal quake : mercy malaysia sends team to help in relief efforts : petaling jaya : mercy malaysia has sent an em ouyang star : nepal quake : mercy malaysia sends team to help in relief efforts : petaling jaya : mercy malaysia h
it's st patrick's day or as i like to call it , monday . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the hood's gang !
happy st patrick's day my irish buddies ouyang happy st . patricks day !x
thanks for sharing participating ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang hey dallas - celebrate st patrick's day - but remember there just until the march 31 deadline .
confused on if it's actually st . patricks day or not ouyang st . patricks day last year was great
balzaretti has made quite a difference . italy are back in it now ouyang yep i do . italy knocked out germany and england . u had money on germany . so to win
top of the morning to ya laddie ! happy st patrick's day ! hope you got your green on . ; p ouyang [iclarified] the simpsons : tapped out gets updated for st . patrick's day
tech news : google executive dan fredinburg dies in everest avalanche after nepal earthq ouyang google executive dan fredinburg dies in everest avalanche after nepal earthqua
hurricane sandy : how to help - online fundraising , advocacy , and social media - [ ouyang hurricane sandy : how to help - online fundraising , advocacy , and social media - [del.ici
st . patrick's day is probably the most over rated holiday . ouyang i didn't know it was st .patricks day today hahah
st patricks day in newcastle and the place is heaving ! ouyang wtf does st .patrick's day even celebrate ?
thinking abt lebanon paris , but working on lesson plans for my guitar students to stay grateful and keep from falling into utter despair ouyang pray for paris our hearts and thoughts are with you .
best part of st . patricks day ? patrick was scottish :) ouyang glad st . patricks day is over for good !!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy st . patricks day kian . :-) ouyang happy st patricks day to everyone away from home .. xxx
baby pulled from nepal earthquake rubble after 22 hours - cnn : cnnbaby pulled from nep ouyang baby pulled from nepal earthquake rubble after 22 hours - cnn : cnnbaby pulled from nepal earthquake rubble aft
happy st . patrick's day my fellow irish man ouyang 9 in a row for the bruins ! and first time they have beat the wild at the garden . happy st . patrick's day !
france starting xi vs england : lloris , debuchy , mexes , rami , evra , cabaye , diarra , nasri , malouda , ribery , benzema . ouyang france team v england : lloris , evra , mexes , rami , debuchy , malouda , cabaye , diarra , ribery , nasri , benzema
watch live - president discusses and iraq (via ouyang live : president obama speaking about iraq and
happy st . patricks day . may the wind be forever at your back . ouyang happy st patricks day harry . please follow me
red cross suspends ebola operations in southeast guinea after threats : dakar (thomson reuter vi ouyang most read today : red cross suspends ebola operations in southeast guinea after threats : dakar (thomson reuters
i think obama has over promised on reducing the deficit ..but romney has completely lied about it . his plan can ouyang yurp that's why everybody need to go out and vote obama
[aa] nigeria : who confirms liberian died of ebola in nigeria : [deutsche welle ]a man has died of ebola und ouyang nigeria : who confirms liberian died of ebola in nigeria : [deutsche welle ]a man has died of ebola under quarant
ok so no work tomorrow from the hurricane ouyang i feel like i'm gonna wake up at 5 tomorrow get ready for school and walk outside get blown away by a hurricane into
go obama go ! that's right republicans ouyang really am quite shocked obama won both virginia and florida .
so who is everyone gonna vote for after obama's second term is over ? nobody ? ouyang if y'all wanna have food stamps , all that other shxt y'all better vote barrack obama tomorrow '
germanwings pilot locked out of cockpit before plane crash : one of the two pilots flying the germanwings airbu ouyang germanwings crash : students , singers among the victims - cnn
alright sandy , bring it on you one eye'd whore . ouyang rt the bitch sandy here yet ?
happy st patrick's day ! come join us and get your irish on ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day susa fans !!!!
breaking news : ottawa police now confirm one suspect has been killed . 2 suspects remain at large . ouyang breaking : ottawa police say they believe there is more than one shooter . - suspect . more than one suspect . please be more careful .
happy st . patrick's day - carrot style ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day - my grandmother was irish so i am part irish .
there's a lot of jokers be on there lol ! happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day to all our irie people bless it up enjoy have fun peace in
happy st . patricks day !!!!!!! may the luck of the irish always be with you ouyang happy st patrick's day ! beep beep !! (ps i'm not irish )
paris attacks mastermind abdelhamid abbaoud is dead , confirm french prosecutors ouyang | mastermind of paris attacks abdelhamid abaaoud identified among raid dead : prosecutor
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hhfhleovtc ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zkaqkjepfm
obama is so like cool omg ouyang all i know is obama can't blame 8 years on the bush administration . but i wrote in
[video - cnn ] suspect shot as police investigate brussels attacks ouyang suspect shot as police investigate brussels attacks : nine people have been arrested and a suspect has be
now this is what we call a st . patrick's day ensemble ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! get your green on and join us at bruno's pizzeria cucina for $3.75 beers all day !!
had a dream last night that michelle obama gave me nearly $400 and then her and i took pictures with one of her daughters . ouyang what does the world expect from barack obama ? by
calm before the storm should really transition to eerie before the storm ..sandy, i am not looking forward to meeting you . ouyang sandy a ho , she just blowing everything
happy thanks for the follow following back . ouyang happy st . patrick's day , friars !
join the semifinal by at 2 :30 pm et for v ouyang euro 2012 semifinal no . 2 : germany v italy - lineups and match thread .
state department : 2 more americans identified as killed in ouyang new post : state department : 2 more americans are brussels victims
special report : brussels attacks suspect reportedly arrested : najim laachraoui is also suspected of involvemen ouyang special report : brussels attacks suspect reportedly arrested : najim laachraoui is also suspected of invo
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ew1nw1j6l8 ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dtsvrzdzs9
reports of shooting and casualties in central paris . via ouyang oh no not again !'shootings and casualties ' reported in central paris -
foxnews : sandy's death toll hits 39 ; damage could top $20 billion : waves slam into a lighthouse on lake erie nea ouyang sandy's death toll hits 39 ; damage could top $20 billion : waves slam into a lighthouse on lake erie near cleveland , after monster sto
where not even getting hit by the hurricane ouyang these hurricane sandy tweets though loooool
who's ready for the next big england dissapointment ouyang goosebumps setting in , don't wanna get ahead and build up too much but come on england
i don't think this hurricane is gonna be that bad to baltimore ouyang put that hurricane in my face ! i aint got no worries
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines (via ouyang philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippin ff
i hate st patricks day but was in dublin for it 2 years ago .. superb ouyang just wanna say happy st . patricks day . and also are op !!!!
the independent : germanwings co-pilot 'deemed unsuitable for flight - ouyang andreas lubitz : germanwings co-pilot 'deemed unsuitable for flight duties ' during training
last year is st . patrick day .remember? :d ouyang happy st . patrick's day ilysm
trying to get fucked up on st patrick's day lls ouyang happy st patricks day . half of me is quite proud .
today gone b a good fuckin day ouyang yay another 4 yrs of you making the u .s a better place . supporting us gay's . i love you obama
theverysimong cher kathy griffin's anti-romney message (hilarious warning ): when two very outspoke (#fashion) ouyang cher kathy griffin's anti-romney message (hilarious warning )
happy st . patrick's day to the fool that gave up alcohol for lent o .o ouyang happy st patrick's day to friends near and far xx
buy cannabis seeds : nepal earthquake : 'no one from the government has come to offer us ev ouyang don't tell porkies nepal earthquake : 'no one from the government has come to offer us eve
happy st . patrick's day ! mahoneys irish pub ouyang happy st patrick's day from nz to all my irish friends , too many to mention here !
links 7 /12/2014: typhoon hagupit , auroragold : links for the day ouyang typhoon hagupit smashes into the philippines * typhoon hagupit
public announcement : lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips do rt ouyang public announcement : lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government h
it's all good scotland , we still love you . make up sex later ? ouyang i vote 'yes' to joining scotland .
happy st . patrick's day from renaissance dental group ! ouyang happy st .patricks day . 17 % off all day at
celebrated st patrick's day by wearing green to the office . my director asked if i was dressed as one of the merry men . ouyang this could be you !,..but chu celebratin st . patrick's day !,.and don't know yo history !,..
drunken shenanigans on st patrick's day . ouyang white people take st .patricks day way too seriously .
i wish i was in bg today ! st . patricks day isn't the same anywhere else ! ouyang happy st patricks day .but first let me take a
aline bastin , who loved to see and photograph the world , dies in brussels attacks : ms . bastin , a press and com ouyang aline bastin , who loved to see and photograph the world , dies in brussels attacks : ms . bastin , a
kelly clarkson that was the second best anthem i have seen , second only to miss whitney houston . ouyang kelly clarkson knew the words to the anthem
to all those in the wake of sandy . be safe ! ouyang fans , click to learn where to donate to the to help with hurricane sandy relief :
st patrick's parade is coming soon via ouyang st . patrick's day parade with my bro
1 -president obama final campaign ral .. | 2 -2012 congressional race analysis | 3 -security forces in northern africa .. ouyang most important day this year . good luck obama .
romney will make america stable again , he will at least clean up some of obomas crap to . ouyang whatever . if romney wins , we're all done for .
our thoughts go out to those affected by hurricane . ouyang i am fine here in pittsburgh ! power almost wen out :( but still i am good are you ? that hurricane sandy was a big one !
elena __5sos : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang giu_origa : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
waitwas today st . patrick's day ? ouyang wait today's st patricks day ?
england have got to keep a tight back line . like this lot ouyang this england france game is fucking great .
obama's re-election applauded around the world ouyang will president obama do more for african americans ?
i gotta make some noise at sxsw some how some way !! ouyang directors with spotmaking ties continue to emerge at sxsw fest : vitamin's creative and production staff assisted
i thank david stern was pose to say hurricane sandy ouyang david stern drunk ?! he said katrina , that was years ago man this hurricane named sandy
it is not st patrick's day until monday . ouyang out to start these st . party day festivities !!
first guinness of st patricks day long over due ouyang six places to celebrate st . patrick's day with in
live notes for games 4 change : great power , great responsibi at ouyang live notes for get the look : use + css 3 like the at
people who are marking themselves as safe during the nepal earthquake is just completely disrespectful and you will all be deleted off my fb ouyang people marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake on facebook when you live in england , please remove yourself
people need your support to pls retweet . ouyang ppl need your support to pls retweet
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/an14fo47j7 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qzdcl7ujhb
(photo) taking no chances : jim iyke flees liberia over ebola scare , gets featured on uk daily mai via matt_ews ouyang (photo) taking no chances : jim iyke flees liberia over ebola scare , gets featured on uk dail
trending hashtags right now york ouyang dear new york , please stay inside . there's no award for braving this storm . unless you're a reporter . then you might
repulik czech 1 vs 0 grecce ouyang well czech republic are already 1 -0 up against greece
sorry about sandy storms in the united states , the patient only face of this natural disaster ouyang about to make my own snow day since sandy let me down .
lmfao that's a bad thing for a hurricane ouyang me : maa i can't sit in this house alll day . i gotta go somewhere . her : go stand outside when the hurricane come .
don lemon about to put on gas mask , but puts on vest instead as protests escalate . ouyang don lemon looks hot in gas mask + bullet proof vest . ,
good morning ! st patrick's day ! ouyang may the luck of the irish be with you ! from everyone here at we wish you a happy st . patrick's day !
tune in now and know more about the deadly ebola virus wiv ouyang jim iyke featured in uk daily mail for fears of contracting ebola virus
: belgian-born abdelhamid abaaoud 'identified as mastermind ' ouyang [staronline nation ] belgian national abaaoud could be commander of paris attacks - source : paris (reuters) - a
air environment | prepared philippines spared the worst of typhoon hagupit - irish times ouyang breaking : prepared philippines spared the worst of typhoon hagupit - irish times : irish tim
happy st . patrick's day ! the irish always have beautiful blessings ! ouyang happy st patricks day my fellow irish wankers :p
a number of people reportedly injured after gunman opens fire in paris ouyang 'kinnel, it's going off in paris ..
this hurricane better not f up my birthday weekend ouyang if any of you die in hurricane sandy can i have your pvrs ?
mayors , brewers boycott st . patrick's parades ouyang i'm guessing yours has something to do with st patricks day ?
2 am advisory just issued on hurricane : storm is turning north . expected to bring life-threatening storm surge . ouyang someone is blasting music on webster again like we're all about to die from a hurricane what are you doing with your life
my thoughts and prayers are focused on all those affected by the bombings . ouyang thank you to all of u for being there to help those in need during this horrific bombing ! we appreciate all u do .#prayforboston
a good solution for nyc marathoners and sandy victims . spread the word ! ouyang buzzfeed - nyc after hurricane sandy in one image
happy st . patrick's day ! 17 % off anything ! ouyang thank you for making my st . patricks day great already !
make no mistake folks , the 2 party system sucks ! i hate mitt romney but hate obama even more . one big ass mistake america ouyang if mitt romney is elected president i am moving to canada
one things for sure , these two sides are shocking .. ouyang football isn't just a sport , it's a way of life
read an aussie human rights perspective as i follow refugees through europe ; lesbos-belgrade ouyang - aussie girls perspective as i follow the refugees from lesbos-belgrade
games on today are promising ,can't wait ! ouyang group of death games today , canadian grand prix tomorrow . weekend sorted .
happy st patricks day from roxy ! ouyang it's st patricks day where are would i be ??? pub w / 9 others )
reminder : we will be open on st . patrick's day !! ouyang congrats to st . patricks day tournament champs lady warriors ! dennay , cherokee , jelani , sophi , coach rob ,
for the most up-to-date news on hurricane , follow our live coverage : ouyang okkkk so about this hurricane though
cnn giving amazing coverage to hostage crisis . lots more info too . is this really happening in our sydney ? praying for a happy ending soon ouyang very impressed with the way australians are dealing with the hostage situation in sydney .
did you about the bombs detonated in boston u .s. ouyang my heart goes out to all those affected by the tragedy and perplexing evil that happened yesterday in boston .
paris attack prompts name holdout isis pharmaceuticals to finally rebran ouyang japan news paper - paris attack prompts name holdout isis pharmaceuticals to finally rebrand
in reference to the opposite of the overreaction from the right about the paris attacks and isis . ouyang police search paris suspects ' premises : french police investigating friday's deadly attacks search pre
happy st . patrick's day !! sports banquet .. ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! make sure to celebrate safely !
i aint movin from my bed until hurricane sandy is over ouyang hurricane sandy better not interfere with my internet connection
nepal airport bans larger planes - read it here ! ouyang uk-bbc : nepal airport bans larger planes . more -
new york : night and day : amidst the post-sandy recovery efforts , we would like to share with you new york : nigh ouyang new york : night and day : amidst the post-sandy recovery efforts , we would like to share with you
at this point i could really care less about st patricks day tbh ouyang happy st . patrick's day candice
(( abc mundial )) what we know about the germanwings co-pilot : the co-pilot who was at the controls when the germanwings plane crashe ouyang ((lifestylenews)) what we know about the germanwings co-pilot : the co-pilot who was at the controls when the germanwings plane crashe
it's so devastating what happened in paris . :( ouyang what happened in paris ?? i been at work all day
link for scmp's live update blog , there were scuffles among protesters earlier : l ouyang scmp's live update blog , there were scuffles among protesters earlier : l
how are you ? happy st . patrick's day !! xxx ouyang st . patrick's day , not wearing green .
happy st . patrick's day from tcgrx . ouyang happy st patrick's day my friends . may the wind always be at your back cause you know how annoying it is in your face .
rt chopped it up with the homie last night about how aint shit for not coming to sxsw ouyang high five for me if you see him around sxsw . hahah
ukr 0 -0 swe end 1 st half ouyang ht ' 46 ' ukr 0 - 0 swe
: french police carries out raids over paris attacks ajenews ouyang french police make three arrests linked to paris attacks via
the greatest thing about st . patrick's day are the jokes about the irish . ouyang warm up for st patrick's day with :
a timeline to understand the michael brown shooting the subsequent fallout in : ouyang a timeline to understand the michael brown shooting amp ; the subsequent fallout in :
election gave obama and boehner chance for a do-over - bloomberg ouyang election gave obama and boehner chance for a do-over - bloomberg : the hinduelection gave obama and
glad obama's still president . romney would've drove the country to the ground ! ouyang there is one good thing about obama , just add a g !
wow what's going on in paris right now is terrible ouyang genuinely makes me so upset and scared when things like this happen like actually imagine being in paris right now
1 st of many ! happy st patricks day ouyang happy st . patricks day to all ; take it easy now ;)where will you be celebrating ?
happy st . patrick's days baby ouyang is st . patrick's day your favorite holiday ?
potus : now is the time for healing , now is the time of peace and calm on the streets of ouyang obama : now is the time for healing , peace and calm on streets of . time for open and transparent process into what was done .
our thoughts and prayers are with the families impacted by today's events in brussels ouyang my thoughts and prayers for those affected by the terrible event in brussels
aust police confirm three dead including gunman ouyang police now confirming three dead including the gunman in . presser to begin soon .
happy saint patricks day twaggots ! ouyang happy st patrick's day !!! house at the linq
hope everyone who was on si for the hurricane is ok ouyang we are thinking about those who have been affected by hurricane . want to help ? we've set up a special donation fund .
from death toll from ebola surges in west africa ouyang [nytimes] death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm : the number of new cases and deaths in
anyone else notice the sudden similarity between kelly clarkson and khloe kardashian ? ouyang kelly clarkson nailed it !! looked & sounded beautiful !!
i just heard about what's happening in paris . this is beyond horrible . thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families . ouyang man that is horrible what happened in paris prayers go out to affected families
via breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-long investigat ouyang breaks the internet with revelations of global corruption : a year-long inves
taking the day off after st . patrick's day was such a good idea . ouyang i liked a video st .patrick's day in canada
riding with obama cause he dnt give me problems ouyang everyone acting like obama is gunna change their life or some shit , +governments
mario gomez possibly the best striker in the world ouyang gomez is destroying all by himself netherlands - germany 0 : 2 .
short staff tries to cope with ebola : as an outbreak worsened , a pay dispute with n ouyang short staff tries to cope with ebola : as an outbreak worsened , a pay dispute with nurses left a sho
i got my green for today st patricks day nails ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day earthquake !
sandy regains hurricane strength after downgrade to tropical storm : storm expected to move to th ouyang gaurdian : sandy regains hurricane strength after downgrade to tropical storm : storm expected to move to the sout
sandy : u .s. death toll at least 39 - upi .comsandy: u .s. death toll at least 39 upi .coma powe ouyang thats crazy . sandy fcked us up
'months' until brussels airport normal : it will take months to reopen brussels airport fully , ouyang 'months' until brussels airport normal : it will take months to reopen brussels airport fully ff
tomorrow is st .patrick's day but you better not pinch me bc my chromosomes are green ouyang monday night football : in honor of st . patrick's day , here is a bit on when i played ncaa american football in
all my thoughts and prayers go to paris . how could someone do something so terrible ? ouyang prayers go out to people in paris right now
usatoday : reports : suspects tied to terror plots arrested in brussels and paris ouyang reports : suspects tied to terror plots arrested in brussels and paris (usa today )
happy st . patrick's day ! have a safe and (green) holiday . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the colbert report
the paris attacks , syrian refugees and how this ouyang will the paris attacks affect fundraising for syrian refugees ?
it's st . patricks day tomorrow ? wut ouyang in case you were wondering why we celebrate st . patrick's day tomorrow
what's happening in paris is insane man ouyang automatic gunfire , explosions rock paris ; aleast 26 reported dead , dozens wounded : doug g . wareparis , nov . 13 (upi) -- an attack invo
another obama presidency makes me want to do absolutely nothing . ouyang you can say all you want about obama he still the president . :-p
st patrick day on a monday turn up ouyang happy (almost) st . patrick's day . what will you be cooking ?
ebola : lagos educates residents on ways to prevent outbreak : worrie ouyang [news update ] | ebola : lagos educates residents on ways to prevent outbreak |via daily post
looks like hurricane sandy has made her way to michigan . ouyang hey , i'm fine thanks for asking . i hope all is well with you . sandy was pretty mean .
russia looks solid knew they'd come out hot ! ouyang dzagoev is beast , helped make the chance then finished , glad he is in my fantasy team and by bet on russia has started well
happy st . patrick's day ! inc ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! got some good traditional stuff playing today .
oh geez . at this rate portugal will set a record for most corners . ouyang ronaldo just might do it for portugal today :)
heartbreaking ! 4 -month-old boy dies from ebola virus !: it is truly heartbreaking to hear about the n ouyang heartbreaking ! 4 -month-old boy dies from ebola virus !: it is truly heartb
buy sms arik suspends all flights to liberia and sierra leone to contain spread of ebola virus visit ouyang bulk sms arik suspends all flights to liberia and sierra leone to contain spread of ebola virus visit
gay roman theme for halftime apparently ouyang directs feed not working during halftime
won't be pouring the guinness tonight stick to irish whiskey . nobody said gays weren't allowed this is st . patrick's day not gay pride day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy our slideshow of the west orange parade :
obama re-elected for another four yearsopen minded i see a better future ..our kids generation have a fighting chance ouyang i vote on obama because of niall
happy st patricks day . to be sure . to be sure . you have a good day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! be safe today and if you go out , be nice to your bartenders !
must haves ! gearing up for st patrick's day ouyang any plans to celebrate st . patricks day ??
yare germanwings plane crash : weather to impede search for 150 victims in the - cnn : the news interna yare ouyang germanwings plane crash : weather to impede search for 150 victims in the - cnn mat global jp
and because it's st . patrick's day : leprechauns , castles , good luck and laughter .lullabies, dreams and love ever after . ouyang happy st . patrick's day and congratulations to the crimeans !!! free at last !
pining for cadbury bubbly on this st . patrick's day . don't mock-it will change your life . well , at least the ouyang my true thoughts on saint patrick's day
soo that debatable portugal is sick germany has no chance ouyang come on portugal , should be a quality gameeeeeee !
makes me think of you . and actually watch . ouyang not sure if i should be watching or the right now
asia markets down after paris attacks , japan in recession geo news ouyang paris attacks deepen republican opposition to refugees via
please stay save during hurricane sandy !!! ouyang sending out good karma for safety to my east coast tweeps as you ride out hurricane sandy
have a great st . patrick's day folks ! hill road , se3 ouyang happy st . patrick's dayplease retweet this while you're still sober . -
to all our irish followers , happy st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day with guinness :-)
get out and vote !! obama supporters we have to show up and show out !! ouyang you got me taken off the list cause i might vote for obama
i hope everyone who celebrates had a great st . patrick's day ! ouyang why can't you borrow $ from a leprechaun ? because they're always short ! hope you had a great st . patrick's day !
still applies today ! vote obama out ! ouyang i like obama , but romney is a fan .
but what about the kkk in missouri ?? sorry paris but we need to fix this shit first ouyang omg omg . paris , stay safe ! such a sad news ! seriously , those stirring up shit and killing innocents should never be forgiven .
just because we black ??president of america is black yet still the cops killing black people for no reason . wake up obama ouyang shit went down to you obama lets see what you will do
i never have anything green to wear for st . patrick's day .. ouyang lol but then again it is st . patricks day
bendtners a better finisher than ronaldo ouyang ronaldo should have buried his two chances
from famousbloggers : find out how sxsw is getting covered on social media in future of engagement !: social media ouyang find out how sxsw is getting covered on social media in future of engagement !: social media : south by southwest
the silence regarding who is responsible for the boston marathon bombings is deafening . the area was covered in cam ouyang let's all keep boston in our thoughts and prayers today !! dks
if power goes out cause of this hurricane and i get tomorrow off i'm drinking all day ouyang just ate a whole bag of edamame and drank a beer in honor if the hurricane day tomorrow
'the strongest storm on record ': hurricane patricia makes landfall in mexico ouyang hurricane patricia makes landfall in southwestern mexico
latest : sandy cancellations start receding : kimmel back on , concert industry creeps back ouyang sandy cancellations start receding : kimmel back on , concert industry creeps back
shooting at parliament hill supposedly a soldier ouyang starting the morning with a shooting on parliament hill and a soldier dying (i think ).
wellll , four more years of obama anyone else . ouyang obama won ..i guess people want abortion ?
paris attacks : france vows 'merciless' response to unprecedented atrocity (news) ouyang will your home sides have a min silence for paris today ?
happy st . patricks day from the coolest sisters you know _tselli_ ouyang i liked a video from fifa 14 ultimate team (fut 14 ) pack opening | 10 25 k st patrick day
looking for ways to celebrate the st .patrick's day weekend ? check out these to-do's ! ouyang i'm a real big celebrator of st patricks day
update | us death toll from superstorm sandy rises to at least 76 | via ouyang u .s. death toll from superstorm rises to at least 76 . u .s. death toll from s
happy st . patrick's day . wish i could actually drink for it :-( ouyang happy st patrick's day to all my friends near and far . or as jimmy flannery would say . what did st
how seamless defied sandy , kept the hot meals coming , and inspired twitter love : seamless is a st ouyang how seamless defied sandy , kept the hot meals coming , and inspired twitter love : seamless is a staple
it's been st . patrick's day for at least four days ouyang green hair means never having to know whether it's st . patrick's day .
my heart goes out to the people in brussels and turkey these attacks are horrible ouyang our tv report from brussels with footage of aftermath of today's attacks :
st . patrick's day through irish eyes via ouyang my st . patrick's day accessory
sxsw documentary explores the human side of tech [exclusive video ]: when we live in a world of technology *sc ouyang sxsw documentary explores the human side of tech [exclusive video ]: when we live in a world of te
happy st patricks to you and the whole family :) ouyang in other news . happy st and patrick's day
concertgoer describes escape from paris carnage via ouyang attack like paris happens coz we let them .
drugs /pharma $ paris attacks : disneyland paris won't open on saturday ouyang manager $ paris attacks : disneyland paris won't open on saturday
some people take st . patrick's day too serious ! ouyang happy st patrick's day . do you know what not to say on this day ?
obama wins ! gnomes vs snowmen is still too close to call . have you voted ? ouyang not all obama supporters are bums ! just stop !
beautiful :) happy st patrick day ouyang it's st . patricks day . i'm a ginger . so what ?
final tonight . the germans fell short . can italy win it ? ouyang actually , i don't care who will win today .
happy sr . patrick day everybody ( im wear green ) yeah !! ouyang happy st . patricks day cleveland from terminal o'tower !
boise came in right after nashville in representation at sxsw this year ! so cool . see you next week at treefort ht ouyang boise came in right after nashville in representation at sxsw this year ! so cool . see you next week at treefort
dental practice news sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus ouyang csusb health sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus
you too ! hope you're having a happy saint patrick's day ! :) ouyang happy st patricks day all ! xxooo
smokin one for the lost and injured after the boston marathon bombing .. rest easy get well ouyang rt our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the explosions at the boston marathon .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nq7lo6uo0i ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bhud7iuqtf
closing ceremony - unreal ! 150 hours of rehearsal well worth it ouyang the visuals of closing ceremonies are amazing . must have taken hours of rehearse this .
i certainly hope so . no again , please . mt we are closely monitoring hurricane preparing for potential impact ouyang early next week b /c of hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day to my irish friends - thinking of you wherever you are . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the doubletree staff :)
yes , the world talked more about paris than beirut ouyang bombings petty 11 th paris the a reporters . appeared stadium from
hurricane sandy is gonna be some stupid shit just like hurricane irene was . they just want us to buy stuff for no reason . ouyang right , she gonna be here for a min lol
honestly praying for the people in paris . stay strong . ouyang my heart goes out to everyone affected by the situation in paris . stay safe .
happy st . patrick's day ! did you celebrate this weekend or are you going out tonight ? ouyang gay rights campaigners plan protest after lgbt groups banned from new york st patrick's day parade
surprising st . patrick's day theology lesson about the trinity . historic creedal statements won't lead your astray . ouyang to all my friends in the usa i wish you a happy st . patricks day xxx
just announced : will be doing a couple songs at our lftf sxsw showcase with ouyang it's pouring in austin , we here for sxsw !!
chai , dis is getting serious ooo :nyaho clinic (accra) records its first ebola virus case . this is big . ouyang oh god nyaho clinic (accra) records its first ebola virus case . this is big .
actually how do i vote for michelle obama ouyang you got my vote cos anybody but obama
italy wins 2 -1 against germany after scores 2 goals . final / viva italia !! ouyang i have no idea who i will support in the final .
:d) shall we go to sxsw ? i fancy some geekery today ouyang the sxsw predictions begin - heading to sxsw ? 5 trends to watch
another night out with mathias lol . worked 11.5 hrs and now it's drinkin time again . ouyang who'd you thinks guna win ?
no pub quiz tonight , as you know -- happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day i love ya !!!!
the boston bombers were not refugees -- neither was the paris attacker keep strong ! via ouyang boston bombers were refugees that we let in .. and the paris attackers were refugees , but hey lets welcome them
police in riot gear and gas masks arrive at the scene . pepper spray is being used much more now ouyang mt police in riot gear and gas masks arrive at the scene . more pepper spray being used .
emergency apps rising to top of app store lists due to sandy : it is hard to figure out just how ouyang [modmyi] emergency apps rising to top of app store lists due to sandy
obama victory may boost ev agenda , spur rules on emissions , safety : president barack obama's second term likely ouyang i am italian but i'm glad it was president obama . greeting
rollingstonealbmrev : nas brings 'illmatic' and 'the don ' to sxsw : before nas took the stage at the vevo sxsw con ouyang rollingstonesongrev : nas brings 'illmatic' and 'the don ' to sxsw : before nas took the stage at the vevo sxsw con
if obama wins i will do nothing . if romney wins i will also do nothing . ouyang look closely . it does not show romney winning . it shows he got the most votes but obama winning the electoral votes .
brady is performing surgery right here ouyang touchdown !!!!!!!!!!!!! tom brady a aaron hernandez !!!
to soon for hurricane sandy joke ? i think not ;p ouyang hey captain keith how about a shout out for crisfield and smith island maryland two places devastated from hurricaine sandy
superstorm sandy : stories of the dead begin to emerge : more than 50 people are now known to have died in t ouyang superstorm sandy : stories of the dead begin to emerge : more than 50 people are now known to have died in the gig
selena's reaction of attack in paris on instagram is so emotional selena gomez ouyang new from paris insights , featuring yours truly -
happy st patrick's day . heaven must be something like this . ouyang st . patrick's day through irish eyes via
french police surround paris suspects and shots heard . ouyang french special forces teams surround village in hunt for suspects .
epic stuff ! congrats ! what a way to start st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! why not wear some of you green rt merch today ? (x-ray t-shirt , ah scarf , etc .)
the aftermath of superstorm sandy and the land of opportunity : predictions abound : will superstorm ouyang the aftermath of superstorm sandy and the land of opportunity : predictions abound : will superstorm sandy help or
i'm watching pros and cons : st . patrick's day 2014 on ouyang happy saint patrick's day andrew !!
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jtn2dlfbxf ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3xijlpgra9
happy st . patrick's day from our team in the field ! ouyang happy st patrick's day . we had a great day in birmingham uk
pres . obama addressing the situation now . ouyang obama's talking about this is gonna be good
my president is black , my twitter is blue , im votin for obama , df romney gone do !!!. ouyang i know i'm not american , but go obama
join us as we pray for brussels . ouyang holly willoughby criticised for brussels terror attack question on this morning
two more u .s. citizens confirmed killed in brussels attack : washington , march 27 (reuters) - two more (hufpo) ouyang riot mars brussels attack victims shrine see more
what are the chances of getting out of work early because of sandy ? ouyang sandy a hurricane again hours after downgrade ; new york remains on alert - rochester democrat and
foxnews : states scramble , as sandy could disrupt election day : widespread power outages affecting polling statio ouyang states scramble , as sandy could disrupt election day : widespread power outages affecting p
hurricane sandy is ruining my moe joe right now like really . why it gotta rain be cold ? why can't it be one or the other , sandy ? why ? ouyang let's go mom i would like to get to the mall before hurricane sandy blows us away
i'd watch but i need to sleep ouyang watching waste mngmnt open , go kyle ! & waiting for
: second american in liberia tests positive for ebola virus : boone , n .c. (ap) -- a secon via ouyang second american in liberia tests positive for ebola virus boone , n .c. (ap) -- a second american aid worker has t
that guy looked like balotelli mabye his brother hmmmmm ouyang hahaha balotelli in the crowd too ? :p
horrific what's going on in paris . terrorists must not win ouyang i live in paris and i'm so stressed right now :(
10 things you should know about the deadly ebola virus : the ebola virus is spreading rapidly acro via matt_ews ouyang {informationnigeria} 10 things you should know about the deadly ebola virus : the ebola virus is spreading rapi
insert something witty about st . patricks day ouyang oh shit , its st .patrick's day lol .
do a st patricks follow spree ! :d ouyang happy st patrick's day , probably the best guinness advert ever
wishing you all a happy , and most importantly safe , st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day !! glam it up by pampering yourself pretty .
happy st .patrick's day everyone !#zombie mcneely ouyang happy st . patrick's day from connecticut concert ballet
hurricane sandy reminds me of my divorce . homeless ! ouyang mojidelano's blog : lagos state government warns residents on the ripple effect of hurricane sandy
: shots fired on parliament hill . more to come . ouyang breaking news of a canadian soldier shot on parliament hill in ottawa listen to now .
sandy is my homie . she gave me a day off just because . ouyang sandy where are you i been waiting for you all day :*
happy st patrick's day from fred alice . ouyang good morning . happy st patrick's day to all our followers .
it's st . patrick's day , so no . ouyang did you do your bit to celebrate st patricks day ?
amazing from pav ! he's been well fed ! ouyang oh pav you beast . lovely goal . bet petr cech wishes he was born somewhere decent .
go on . tweet us your st patrick's day tat . i got a free wristband ! ouyang happy people everywhere in dublin today as they're celebrating st patrick's day . happy paddys !
happy ! who's got their green on today ?? ouyang you would think the cardinals can afford fitted green hats for their team instead of making them wear velcro hats for st . patricks day .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/oov9qphcg2 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/l1k5pgtgtg
hurricane sandy : jfk and newark airports to partially reopen : it could take weeks before getting b ouyang hurricane sandy : jfk and newark airports to partially reopen : it could take weeks before getting back to normal , but last night the e
happy st . patrick's day . live from the south pole of maryland . ouyang the best way to start any day but especially
so this lady with whom i've never spoken to about politics comes up to me and says 'how about that election ' and holds up her obama pin ouyang for those who voted for obama did u not have enough the last 4 years
our group stage preview will be up tomorrow . we also have special features on france vs england and germany vs holland . ouyang our group stage preview will be up tomorrow . we also have special features on france vs england and germany
the amount of free kicks given at is stupid !#annoying ouyang class free kick from pirlo .lovin that !!!
g + : as ebola stalks west africa medics fight mistrust hostility ouyang medical news as ebola stalks west africa , medics fight mistrust , hostility
the world we living in right now is crazy . smh ouyang it's sick how people find joy in destroying people's lives !
just in : germanwings co-pilot lubitz may have hid illness from employer , prosecutors say ouyang just in : german prosecutors : indications germanwings co-pilot hid illness from employers . -
potus : i've tasked the fbi to investigate the shooting of michael brown ouyang potus - doj and fbi will be investigating the death of michael brown
bbc | s leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading the fight against ebola in sierra le ouyang s leone chief ebola doctor infected : the doctor leading the fight against ebola in sierra leone is
going out with to cause some st . patrick's day mischief . ouyang happy birthday st . patrick ! the patron saint of guinness !
on a nice side note , happy st patricks day gentlemanns . ouyang happy st patricks day !! would be rude not to have a guinness !!
mari cait wishes you happy st patrick's day also . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from your friends at seoplus +
because every holiday needs a little bit of sparkle . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang sexy and irish happy st patricks day boo
news u .s. geological survey says kathmandu region has been hit by magnitude 6.7 aftershock ouyang u .s. geological survey says kathmandu region has been hit by magnitude 6.7 aftershock : u .s. geological survey says kathmandu region h
praying for those in my beloved paris . i hope the attacks have stopped . ouyang there's a how many texans does it take to stop a paris attack ? joke in here somewhere .
obama is still on my insta . every picture is him . ouyang guys i dont wanna go to class .. obama won , so i guess thats an excuse to not come in right
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hwk4jqhp8r ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ezwy2i9v8s
was thinking earlier , didnt 9 /11 hijackers depart from logan in boston ? what's going on up there ? ouyang this morning ,my heart goes out to all the people in boston . so sad cc
a fine and happy st patrick's day to all .. to those with your birthday today , enjoy the double celebration .. ouyang happy st patricks day and happy birthday the man from qatar . my dad . who knows how old he is . 100 at least :-)
happy st patricks day niall !! whooooo ouyang happy st patricks day and good luck tonight !!
everyone's irish on st patricks tho haha ! ouyang outstanding turnout this morning for the st . patrick's parade in omaha ! thank you to our great volunteers !
watching the ukraine v . france game . ouyang it rains like hell in ukraine vs france game !
i hope they find the idiot in the crowd with a whistle and kick the shite out of him . ouyang someone rattle the arsehole in the crowd with the whistle .
happy st patrick day for you have a great time !!!!! ouyang it's not st . patricks day , it's leaferickson day
the st . patrick's day story which resonates across 170 years ouyang good am . happy st . patricks day ..
make st . patrick's day greener | gbgv | - ouyang is it only me that doesn't really care about st .patrick's day ?
yeh - happy st patrick's day . whatever that means ouyang hope you all have an awesome st . patrick's day
where is the best st . patrick's day celebration : a ) dublin b ) chicago c ) boston d ) st . john's ouyang happy st patrick's day babyy ! xx
the death toll from the great quake has climbed to 7,040, says home ministry . 14,398 injured . via ouyang a week on and the death toll from the great quake has climbed to 7,040, says home ministry . 14,398 injured .
happy st . patricks day people wherever you are in the world celebrating today ouyang happy st patrick to all my english friends and family !!!
i hope that those who shoved their opinions down every 1 's throat actually vote ..if not don't complain tomorrow ! ouyang i voted ! don't forget to vote !
happy st . patrick's day !!!! telecom ) ouyang good morning and happy st .patricks day from gianna
well i'm pretty sure i'm about 0 % irish so happy st patricks day ouyang happy 278 th st . patrick's day america ! via
i just can't believe anything romney says !! where's kanye when you need him ??!! ouyang credit to romney , rather noble concession speech .
# multiple casualties reported in central paris shooting , explosion ouyang breaking : casualties after shooting at paris restaurant , explosion near stadium ; unclear if linked . at least 2 dead - france 24
hurricane sandy roughs up yorktown ouyang i'm so irritated with hearing about the hurricane ..
chief ebola doctor infected from cm browser ) ouyang sad and alarming : s leone chief ebola doctor infected
happy st patrick day zayn :) xx ouyang happy st . patricks day people be safe , ,
i still have power in springfield . will write a summary on sandy at some point today . ouyang my prayers goes out to all those who have been affected by that bitch sandy
we hope friends in the ne are safe ready for hurricane sandy . for those still prepping , here's some last-minute ouyang thank you hurricane sandy for holding off so i can start my research 33
today is the day ! - italy vs spain - join us at the football factory at legends pub - 33 rd btwn 5 t ouyang much as i'd like to see it happen i don't think italy can do it ! i wish spain would play a striker .
hagupit barrels toward philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barrel ouyang hagupit barrels toward philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon h
that's ok , st patricks actual color is blue . ;) ouyang its your lucky day !st. patricks day and the holi festival joined forces !
these hurricane sandy tweets are too great ouyang lmao ! these hurricane sandy tweets are funny
do we know if there's a 2 nd or 3 rd gunman ? ouyang ok , - let's show our solidarity with . vigil tomorrow night 7 pm , nathan phillips square . i will bring chalk .
happy st . patrick's day from best kept secret ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! you're our favorite irish !!! :3
you have bush to blame for gas prices , not obama . ouyang my cousin , george w . bush , halted all stem cell research surgeries . nigger - barack obama , supports the murder of babies lifted the ban
'my world ': these are the victims of germanwings crash : a mother and her son killed in the germanwi ouyang 'my world ': these are the victims of germanwings crash a mother and her son killed in the
17 mar 2014 : happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st patricks day to allow my irish tweets =)
happy st patricks day !! can't wait until kk4 !! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! do a little irish jig for me :)
amtv : what you need to know about the paris attacks ouyang politics_uknews : watch live : david cameron's commons statement on paris attacks and g20 summit
happy st . patrick's day ! be safe have fun . pop into the library for some green-themed books ouyang everyone is a little leprechaun today ! happy st . patrick's day !
mansfield university to close monday and tuesday due to hurricane sandy . ouyang everyone getting effected by the hurricane be safe !:(
happy st . patrick's day from ritecut barber shop ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day : here is an irish approach to racehorse
you are the food throwdown champion ! wish we should have taken tomorrow off and stayed up north ! ouyang staying up late to watch the go
update : three dead , including gunman , in sydney siege , police say ouyang how did you get kristnan to sydney so quickly ?!
cannot stand mark bright commentating at ouyang why is mark bright commentating he's soooo shit !!!
happy st patrick's day to you as well . have a beer for me ! ouyang happy st .patricks day to all so tipsy lol
my heart goes out to boston .. my prayers go out ouyang glued to the news . thoughts go out to boston , and anyone with loved ones affected .
but then again just because i wasn't directly affected doesn't mean others werent .. sorry for those that had to deal with that both sandy ouyang :d how are you hopefully not affected by sandy ?
happy st . patrick's day ! we hope you wore green today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us here at bolton tools !
jay-z's youtube live stream at sxsw had 99 problems but a glitch ain't one via ouyang jay-z's youtube live stream at sxsw had 99 problems but a glitch ain't one : no kanye , no |
governor : category 4 areas include 362,000 ct . folks who could be impacted by sandy . ouyang sandy's already taken out yahoo ! (h/t
if only could play lorient !!!!! happy st patricks day to you all ouyang happy st . patrick's day upperhill .#kot
happy st . patricks day , holiness . ouyang happy st patricks day all , are you doing anything to celebrate ?
people - mariah carey celebrates st . patrick's day in (what else ?!) a skimpy bikini : courtesy mariah careymari ouyang mariah carey celebrates st . patrick's day in (what else ?!) a skimpy bikini : courtesy mariah careymariah carey
just want to say to all the families that were affected by the bombing in boston my prayers go out to you . may god bless ouyang cant believe that my future town got bomb keep boston in yours prayers love yall in boston im praying
have police confirmed any deaths of hostages ? ouyang the gunman fired at a hostage get out who does that
they call me jigga . happy st patrick's day ! ouyang i'm a muslim . but that does not stop me to tell you happy st . patrick's day :)
watch this and you might have a little more faith in romney ;) ouyang kif : as clock ticks , obama , romney in dead heat battle
ty ! happy patrick's day to you too ! welcome to my timeline :) ouyang happy st patricks day from the neffengers !
anyways as i was saying what hurricane !?!?!? ouyang ' i highly doubt hurricane sandy , gonna come anywhere near us , like they claiming .
st . patricks day n sh *t ouyang im trying to go to chicago for st . patricks day one year .
happy st . patrick's day from everyone here at smiles of chattanooga ! ouyang hah ..have fun :) x happy st . patricks day :) xx
st . patrick's day recipes via ouyang this st patricks day is ganna be different then in years pasts : /
happy st . patrick's day everyone love you stay beautiful ouyang happy st patrick's day . have fun hunting leprechauns or whatever it is that you do
some days , - happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang about to go into boston and fuck up the and st . patricks tonight !!
gosh i wish i was 18 so i could vote for ouyang casting my vote for obama with a 'barrack burger '. yum ! :-)
people asking if attacks in paris coordinated . nah just pure coincidence ffs . ouyang so so scary what is happening in paris right now .
st patricks day dinner with the fam ouyang nothing much happy st . patrick's day
pakis rape kids : video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over ouyang top stories : video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over the bahamas towards
patrick stump is the cutest little thing i just can't ouyang happy st patricks say btw
it's early voting tallies indicate that obama is leading in florida (29) ouyang don't even ask me who i voted for . i'm a minority , young and poor--of course i voted for obama
and an even better goal from pirlo ! ouyang good goal now ! lol pirlo !
rt u .s. death toll rises to 13 after 8 -year-old boy dies after he was struck by tree limb in susquehanna county , pe ouyang u .s. death toll rises to 13 after 8 -year-old boy dies after he was struck by tree .
in the wake of the sydney hostage tragedy , australians create on ouyang in the wake of the sydney hostage tragedy , australians create on twitter to sho
torres getting the golden boot hahaha quality . ouyang fernando torres gets the golden boot award . .
we have a hurricane mom headed our way . so your weather could be weirder . ouyang hurricane sandy headed toward east coast
suspected mastermind of paris massacre killed in terror raid ouyang just in : alleged mastermind of paris attacks was killed in yesterday's raid !
st . patricks day parade , with the ebooks crew and a good old ouyang in , it would be illegal to ban groups from st . patrick's day parades
chicks take st patricks serious . lol ouyang stop by before the uptown parade and get your green merchandise for st . patrick's day !!!
ii , looking forward to all the games like .. or anar , lads at my work were goin crazy when they scored ouyang right game to kick off the tournament !
the is a wild , first-person view of what it was like to pass through hurricane patricia . ouyang hurricane patricia : texas wakes to aftermath of damage from
time these poncy footballers grew a pair off balls and stoped over reacting ! ouyang huntelaar really should have buried that ! great ball !!
happy st . patrick's day niall 3 hava good one ouyang may the leprechauns be near you ,to spread luck along your way .and may all the irish angels ,smile upon you st . patrick's day .
who do you think wins today's semi-final ? germany or italy ? (cc: ) ouyang approximately 40 min to semi final : germany vs italy
detlef schrempf and the mayor is here . clearly , fx mcrory's is the place to be for st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day y'all ! this is always a must watch
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/geyh9hmmte ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dc5lhwzhvm
y'all act like your supposed to have plans when there's a hurricane . ouyang what are the hurricane schemes ? i'm trying to do something sweet again
looking fwd to 'group b ' match - denmark v /s germany on 17 juin . posted via ouyang looking fwd to 'group c ' match - spain v /s italy on 10 juin . posted via
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely : typhoon hagup ouyang social media : typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely
wtf i didn't even know today was saint patricks day . ouyang yay ! happy saint patrick's day !
in hours after terrorist attacks via ouyang paris attacks : defiant french businesses carrying on - bbc news
news by yahoo obama's re-election celebrated around world : from his old school in indonesia to a japanese beach ouyang obama just says all the right things in his victory speech
happy st . patrick's day from snowy brick twp ! ouyang hi jane . happy st patrick's day to you and lola too !
happy st .patrick's day to all you lovely irish tweeters out there ! ouyang i kinda forgot it was st . patricks day and i'm irish oops ?
friends and family of sydney hostages tell intense tale of captivity - fox news : fox ouyang followme - friends and family of sydney hostages tell intense tale of captivity followme -
these hurricane sandys are actually making me laugh too hard ouyang about to spend hurricane sandy with my bestfriend .
st patricks day haha sorry had to be done ouyang empire state building on st . patrick's day via
you gon see , obama t-shirts , buttons , pens , baby clothes etc for 2 weeks str 8 ouyang you are welcome : ) i voted for obama !
much love and hope for the people affected by sandy . hopefully the rest of us can help soon ! ouyang hope anyone out there caught in super storm sandy is ok . stay safe ppl
news ebola crisis in west africa deepens , more than 500 dead from ouyang latest : ebola crisis in west africa deepens , more than 500 dead
it makes me so sad seeing all these little kids faces that died in boston . ouyang so sorry about what just happened in boston .
not that i really celebrate it . i'm not even sure how you would celebrate st . patrick's day ouyang i feel like i'm the only person who just found out today is st patricks day
hurricane sandy forces changes to cruise schedules : ouyang hellothere eastern u .s. braces for hurricane sandy : communities throughout the u .s. northeast are bracin bythere
happy st patrick's day all you leprechauns out there ouyang happy st . patrick's day john and edward =jedward :-)
awwww ! hahaha ! pugs dressed up for st patrick's day . too cute . ouyang definitely the best st patrick's day ever !
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people of boston today ! ouyang our thoughts , hearts and prayers are going out to boston and all those affected by today's bombs .
only just found out about hurricane sandy . i really should keep up with the news . ouyang elise you can fuck right off mate . hurricane has gone now
obama need to learn how to beef it up ouyang so when obama announces his love for his lady it's cool but when i do it i'm a emo ass niggas
ebola takes heavy toll on health workers with at least 50 dead : the ebola virus ouyang ebola takes heavy toll on health workers with at least 50 dead : the ebola virus continu
it's st . patrick's day , that's reason enough . malone's irish bar w / 3 others ) ouyang happy st . patrick's day from au79 ! like if you forgot to wear green or comment below what article (s) you are
they sound awful singing the national anthem ! ouyang hey how excited were you about & so singing the national anthem ?
well this sucks no new episode of tonight because of .. :( ouyang this hurricane made me forget the voice was on tonight . fuck this shit i want that sandy bitch tried for such blasphemy
here's our wish for you , today and every day . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day and we're celebrating with a sale and a competition !
please make sure you're registered to vote ! get your voices heard ouyang you have until friday to register for postal vote in , or next tuesday for voting in-person . details :
germanwings crash forces change in cockpit rules : the germanwings disaster has forced airlines around the worl ouyang in business news germanwings crash forces change in cockpit rules : the germanwings disaster has forced airline
thank you frank ! happy st patrick's day :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! enjoy the snow :)
happy st . patrick's day . i am wearing a lot of green ouyang happy st . patrick's day , y'all . please do your part to clear the area of snakes . and self-righteous do-gooders .
happy saint patrick's day from all of us at holy family catholic high school ! ouyang happy st . patrick's daylast day to receive 10 % offenter discount code : green
i really wish i could say im sending my prayers to paris but i dont pray nor am i religious ouyang thoughts and prayers with paris tonight and in the weeks to come
mccain / palin beat romney /ryan in total votes : interesting factoid :mccain / palin 58,343,671 votesromne ouyang mccain / palin beat romney /ryan in total votes : interesting factoid :mccain / palin 58,343,671
. you're missing all the st . patrick's day shenanigans ! ouyang gm happy st patricks day !
business finance hurricane patricia spares mexican cities , roars through remote villages : chamela , mexico (r ouyang hurricane patricia spares mexican cities , roars through remote villages : chamela , mexico (reute - via
charlie hebdo : a day at the magazine : cartoonist recalls day with staff at charlie hebdo office ouyang the charlie hebdo attack - the importance of unity .
prove yourself to yourself not others .pray for nepal ouyang we feel sadness for nepal earthquake . :(
ta bob ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st .patrick's day to all my irish fb friends
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at barclay rex ! ouyang happy st patricks day , niall !! please re-follow me ? it would mean everything to me ! x0465
by sunday night /tuseday / monday hurricane sandy will strike ! ouyang i would hate to be a hobo in a hurricane
gonna spark it up for st . patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick's day to all on twitterxx
share your st . patrick's day spirit with us by using . did you know is among the most irish cities in the u .s.? ouyang i've never really celebrated saint patricks day . which wouldn't be that big of a deal if i wasn't partly irish .
florenciotnia : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week ouyang rachealiz 2 nd : aftershocks could continue to hit nepal throughout the week
can't hear the russian national anthem without thinking of rocky iv , and singing along . ouyang russian national anthem always reminds me of rocky iv .
3 1 /2 hours until this is what i'm looking forward to on sunday ouyang (and all the $ from parking goes to help ips 14 & at-risk members of the community . win /win!)
switzerland commits a further chf 500,000 to fight ebola epidemic in west africa ouyang switzerland commits a further chf 500,000 to fight ebola epidemic in west africa : bern , switzerland , july 23,
happy saint patrick's day . to all . god bless all . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! call a cab or walk homedriving drunk is only for professional athletes and taxi cab drivers
but still happy st . patricks day baby ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! come celebrate with us ! we have all day drink specials , and our 1 /2 priced apps start at
sandy tweets make republican operative less | oliver burkeman : shashank tripathi conformed to v ouyang c-biz design - sandy tweets make republican operative less | oliver burkeman : shashank tripathi
voivod joined by carcass's jeff walker on stage in paris (video): carcass bassist /vocali ouyang bandistro news : voivod joined by carcass's jeff walker on stage in paris (video): carcass bass bandistro news :
mellows have a little st .patricks day spirit ouyang i almost forgot that st . patricks day is tomorrow
strongest hurricane ever makes landfall in mexico : patricia , the strongest hurricane ever rec comment ouyang amusa :- strongest hurricane ever makes landfall in mexico : patricia , the strongest hurricane amusa , w . a news
tv facebook apologises for safety check glitch after lahore blast ouyang kentucky facebook stumbles again with 'safety check ' after lahore blast
happy st . patricks day from sprinkler warehouse ouyang yoda had it made . never had to worry on saint patrick's day .
subtweets , hurricane sandy , and the thirst for texts is all that is on my timeline right now ouyang just wait for sandy to calm down then ask again .
stuck at lexus when all i wanna do is go watch germany whoop some portugal ass ouyang so hard to cheer for germany when portugal has christiano ronaldo .
thanks for follow and your family's service . happy st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! green is the color of the day :)
st patrick's day , the most irrelevant holiday ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! lets see if i can celebrate at work
so gomez with the winner for the germans , no good for friendlies but step it up for tourno , typical ouyang why were u on a rip during the week ? germans all the way
brussels attacks : airline passengers in milwaukee pay more attention to what's ouyang top story : your tributes : brussels attacks - see more
american dr . contracts deadly disease : the doctor in africa has tested positive for ebola --- ouyang u .s. doctor treating patients in liberia tests positive for ebola
seeing gordon brown's impassioned speech (wow! actually a very good orator ) is the 1 st time i've really respected him . ouyang looks like gordon brown got an injection of personality since being pm .
help nepal there people . god bless nepal . ouyang nepal , u are in our prayers .god bless .
morning twitter . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! we're ready for you ! :) league brews )
i hate st patrick's day . a lot ouyang we shouldn't have to go to school on st . patrick's day :(
wishing everyone their bean's a happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the rox volleyball , inc . crew !
if after impose any trade tarriffs on goods in2 eu uk will do the same on food ouyang if after impose any trade tarriffs on goods in2 eu uk willdo the same on food
aid still scarce in nepal's remote villages as anger grows ; un appeals for choppers : with help still not reach ouyang aid still scarce in nepal's remote villages as anger grows ; un appeals for choppers : with help still not (fox)
paris is like 5 hours away from me ouyang thoughts are with everyone in paris tonight , heartbreaking news .
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak ouyang african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented ebola epidemic --
she better be playing about voting for romney .. ouyang you know u voting for romney .
i . should . not . be . awake . right . now . ps . happy st . patricks day ouyang true true i forgot though happy st patricks day :-)
germany never lost a game in the tournament ouyang where was germany's defence :p balotelli :d
voting problems reported in some states : ouyang complaining about the wait in line to vote today ? why you shouldn't
yes , it's st . patrick's day not guinness day . well done guinness . ouyang brussels ' grand place goes green for st patrick's day via
sydney gunman was 'wanted in iran ': iran says it requested 14 years ago the extradition of har ouyang sydney gunman was 'wanted in iran ': iran says it requested 14 years ago the extradition of haron monis , t
good morning s .t.n! i hope you all got through hurricane sandy safely . be cautious on your way to work this ouyang hoping all of our friends affected by hurricane sandy are safe right now !
(#teambrianmundial)- ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries (#teambrianmundial)- ouyang via ebola crisis in west africa deepens ; 500 + dead : w . african countries work to conta via
the death toll for the earthquake in nepal has reached 5,000 . ouyang its currently 12 am here in nepal
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at sysco oklahoma ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! be safe ..love 3
my st . patrick's day offering ouyang happy st .patrick's day to all our peeps !
sandy can't stop us from getting our free tacos ouyang after hurricane sandy , manhattan business isbooming ?
hurricane watch net to activate as hurricane sandy approaches eastern seaboard : the hurricane watch net ( bit .ly ouyang arrl : hurricane watch net to activate as hurricane sandy approaches eastern seaboard : the hurricane watch net (h
happy st . patricks day for you too love :) xx ouyang happy st .patrick's day from my baby boy ..
what is it going to take ? sandy and the case for workflex - via / ouyang very thankful that no one in my family got hurt during hurricane sandy . my home is in one piece while many others lost everything .
congrats on the sxsw performance . murder dat shit fam ouyang u gonna be at sxsw my d00d ?
congratulations president obama , but you're no nelson mandela . only mandela knows what i'm going through , to a l ouyang reak simpson wrote : good morning ! no work for me today ! i voted yesterday and my vote counted ! congrats president obama !
[developing story ]vp binay congratulates obama : i am fully confident that the warm productive relations bet . (cont) ouyang look out obama show them what u made of
6 . . everton 8 . chelsea 9 . nepal 10 . arsenal 2015 /4/27 11 :16 eat ouyang 6 . . willy 8 . mount everest 9 . nepal 10 . vermeer 2015 /4/27 10 :15 cest
one of mams friends in work took of a week and a half just to watch .. :l ouyang got to chill with babe and watch the before work
today is the big day . will it be or going to disneyland ? ouyang happy day ! still bitter about the loss to the so i'm rooting for the !
sad to hear reports of germanwings a320 crashing in southern france ouyang a germanwings airbus a320 crashes in the french alps .
now they are asking people to turn off their recording equipment while advancing ouyang police telling people to turn off recording equipment
pilot's actions may add to germanwings ' liability in mountain crash : lawyers : new york /berli ouyang pilot's actions may add to germanwings ' liability in mountain crash : lawyers : new york /berlin (reu
brussels attacks investigation leads to arrests : brussels , march 24 (reuters) - belgian ouyang brussels attacks investigation leads to arrests : brussels , march 24 (reuters) - belgian polic
foreign minister bob carr is relieved no australia ouyang foreign minister bob carr is relieved n
just explained to 5 th grade that no , st . patrick was not a leprechaun . it's killing me that i can't take advantage of how gullible they are . ouyang who's going to tell the irish to 'get over it ' on st . patrick's day ? -
why didn't ottawa pd evacuate downtown ? there could have been a car bomb more shooters and its all unsafe for bystanders ouyang thoughts are going out to the people of ottawa . be safe .
twitterverse tie between liam clancy and the pogues for saturday's st . patrick's day salutewill play both ouyang traditional st . patrick's day margarita .
mario gomez top scorer odds now slashed to 6 /4 he was 7 /1 before start of tell us what bets do you have on ? ouyang mario gomez top scorer odds now slashed to 6 /4 he was 7 /1 before start of tell us what bets do you have on ? h
happy st . patrick's day from uca ! ouyang happy st . patricks day wohooo . lets get drunk and vote
post-sandy , fcc warns of worsening cell phone networks : sandy has wreaked havoc on the cell phone netw ouyang [feed] post-sandy , fcc warns of worsening cell phone networks : sandy has wreaked havoc on the cell phone network
how bout i go play in the hurricane instead ouyang love how people think hurricane sandy and london getting really cold the 2012 apocalypse possible , its hurricane season a
its saint patrick's day and all i wanna do is go to bed haha ouyang spent st patricks day in the gym , my family are disgusted in me
happy st . patricks day from all of us here at blackstone ! ouyang happy st . paddy's day from family !
not even that the boston marathon bombing wouldn't help a domestic terrorists cause ouyang live now - talks about being at the boston marathon yesterday and what he saw -
happy st . patricks day ! yay for being irish . it's super dark here and storming . fitting , no ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day george ! come back for a $3 guinness today .
queen is to give a written statement friday afternoon regardless of the results . ouyang the queen to release a statement on result on friday afternoon .
to help celebrate st . patrick's day ouyang and you are also a fun st . patrick's day
after that win nothing can ruin my night hurricane sandy deez nuts ouyang the most read story on right now is not about hurricane sandy . it's piece :
hey hurricane sandy come this way ! ouyang wow wishes everyone in the path of hurricane sandy good luck and be safe !!!!
lol yesterday was st . patricks day and i had no clue ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! please enjoy the holiday and get home safely !
lahore : gulshan-e-iqbal park dhamakay main janbahaq afrad ki tadad 56 ho gai , 120 say zaid zakhmi , dco lahore : for details watch ary news ouyang :gulshan-e-iqbal park dhamakay me janbahaq honay walay afraad ki tadad 60 ho gai .150 se zaid zakhmi .rescue operation jari 8 :45pm
praying for everyone in brussels right now x ouyang horrible scenes in brussels , r .i.p all . we do not let them win
news : prepare now for hurricane sandy ouyang i'm having flashbacks to that hurricane last year that flooded . everything .
several pr firms in new york relying on temporary offices : hurricane sandy has forced a number of agencies that ouyang several pr firms in new york relying on temporary offices : hurricane sandy has forced a via
geoff shreeves is preparing to enter german changing room to give the players the bad news : they're going home ouyang the german fans faces , i do feel sorry for them
best part of my st patricks day weekend was by far spending it with my #1 trader ouyang ready for ireland ..saint patrick day here we come !
photos : justin bieber , emma watson , alec baldwin and more react on twitter to hurricane sandy : a slew of stars t ouyang photos and stories from hurricane sandy on this community page i just noticed .
swear the hurricane has come to rothwell ouyang tonight ann i will dine on kobe beef with champagne-steamed gruyere cheese . but the victims of hurricane sandy
happy st . patrick's day everyone no green water for me ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! cheers to the breeds of ireland !
happy st . patrick's day ! we're sporting our today , are you ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from team ananich !
need these new patrick mohrs this fall . ouyang for st patrick's day , i am drinking an english style beer that is brewed in america by a german .
solid source would like to wish everyone a very happy st . patrick's day !!! ouyang happy st patrick's day from all of us at eagle granite !
happy st . patrick's day !!! don't be drunk ;) ouyang happy st patrick's day ! have a great day ! xoxo
(#clangutah) typhoon lashes east philippines with heavy rain : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in t (#clangutah) ouyang typhoon lashes east philippines with heavy rain : typhoon hagupit makes landfall
.. verizon rolls out mobile device charging stations for sandy victims : definitely helpful for anyone i ouyang verizon rolls out mobile device charging stations for sandy victims : definit
this is as green as it gets today !!!! happy st . patrick's day ! goarmy ouyang happy st . patrick day from da kidd ewizzle
init man . it's gone on long enough . liverpool twitter accounts are genuinely trying to link it with the boston bombings ! ouyang here's the article that is reading from right now : more on the bombings :
showcase about to rip the stage . mad love . packed house . atx usa representing ! ouyang and have already killed the showcase ! and more to com
ok i know what im watching ! i know more than he think i know . ouyang who else is just watching the just for
oh , by the way , while you were distracted by other events , it looks like the ebola virus might be coming to a town near you . ouyang south africa would not survive an ebola virus outbreak : south africa would not survive an ebola virus outbreak
happy st patrick's day to the irish people out there have a green day . ouyang it's st patrick's day . brb gonna drown myself in guinness to forget my embarrassment .
i love seeing a green chicago river . one of chicago's greatest saint patricks day traditions . ouyang i got pinched twice today bc i didn't have green on (note to self : remember next st patricks day to wear green )
a vote for a president to lead on climate change : the devastation that hurricane sandy brought to n ouyang green news a vote for a president to lead on climate change : the devastation that hurricane sandy brought to new
after the hurricane , my service is even more fucked up . ouyang i didn't realize hurricane sandy was that bad .
it's my tradition to not wear green on st . patrick's day . and i have reflexes like a cat . just saying . ouyang will wear green jerseys on st . patrick's day for first time in many years .
happy st patricks day weekend -b ouyang happy st patricks day everyone - may the luck of the irish be with you !
lagos issues ebola alert : the lagos state government yesterday gave some precautionary measures t via matt_ews ouyang : lagos issues ebola alert : the lagos state government yesterday gave some
unacceptable reporters say : cops all removed their badges and id tags ouyang yoo smh reporters say : cops all removed their badges and id tags
happy st patricks day springs right around the corner right ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from this irish lady !!
nepal earthquake and everest avalanche kill 2400 people with huge aftershock - telegr ouyang yare nepal earthquake and everest avalanche kill 2400 people with huge aftershock - telegraph .c yare
eiffel tower goes dark in wake of paris terror attacks ouyang give support to our brothers in paris
happy st . patrick's day sweetheart !! xx ouyang here's to being tired as shit . happy st . patricks day !
waaaiiit , i forgot about sandy -_- ouyang watching fox and they are completely ignoring sandy coverage or coverage of the new obama /christie bromance .
daww happy st patricks day everyone ouyang ayee happy st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day lamplighter public house ouyang happy st . patricks day y'all ! hope everyone had a good one .
via your guide to sxsw from sched founder taylor mcknight , who actually lives in austin ouyang your guide to sxsw from sched founder taylor mcknight , who actually lives in austin : afte
awe internet some of the hurricane parody accounts are just wow ouyang i would like a cuddle buddy for this hurricane
happy st patricks day everyone love the irish :)ehheheeh i'm irish if anyone didnt know -c ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all . may the luck o ' the irish be with you .
if you say you love hurricane sandy for giving you off from school , you're dumb . ouyang track hurricane sandy online via twitter , the web : you can keep up with the latest hurricane sandy news through
president obama in victory speech : 'best is yet to come ' ouyang watching obama's victory speech in bio
scared , a hurricane is hitting my area #i ouyang despite hurricane sandy's uncertainty , be prepared , weather experts advise -troy record
viral : downtown after sandy : walking 3 miles in blacked-out nyc , the night after the storm : boing bo ouyang downtown after sandy : walking 3 miles in blacked-out nyc , the night after the storm : boing boing pal jo
its st patricks day liam you must drink whisky ouyang what does saint patricks day even celebrate ?
french pm valls says chemical warfare risk not ruled out : paris (reuters) - france could face the risk (yahoo) ouyang french pm valls says chemical warfare risk not ruled out : paris (reuters) - france could face the risk of chem
many prayers to boston !! god bless !! give you all my live :) good morning everyone !! getting ready for the day !! ouyang prayers to all the ppl from boston :(#boston
: brussels attack images show bomb fragments that were pulled from survivors : doctors showed the huge pie ouyang brussels attack images show bomb fragments that were pulled from survivors : doctors showed the huge pieces of
happy st . patrick's day ! here are the best places to celebrate today ! ouyang hope you get better soon ! happy st .patricks day though !
: uk weaker outside eu ,government to warn ouyang late feb orb poll cited by shows slight majority of uk voters favor . populist mood clearly works against staying in eu .
well time to actually go to work . seriously though everyone brussels and belgium stay safe . ouyang fleur where are you are you okay are you anywhere near brussels
happy st . patrick's day from hb !!! ouyang hey red happy st patrick's day
my heart breaks for the countless families friends of those killed in paris now , a grant hs football player shot killed . ouyang know i'm late but what happened in paris ?
families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victi ouyang families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to t
downtown austin . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang we're wearing green are you ?happy st .patrick's day !! :)
bank of america , wells fargo , chase among big banks waiving fees in sandy aftermath ouyang bank of america , wells fargo , chase among big banks waiving fees in sandy aftermath : several of the major u .s. b
debating if should go to a bar for st patrick's day ouyang how was working with neil patrick harris ?
seattle teens missing after nepal quake presumed dead , families say : seattle (reu ouyang seattle teens missing after quake presumed dead , families say
hurricane sandy likely to make landfall near atlantic city (via ouyang wow i am way to fab for this hurricane
i hope my powers dont go out during the hurricane ouyang are we really gunnaa have a hurricane ? o_0
me driving with sandy hurricane effects ouyang you know you're from florida when you go to the beach during a hurricane
american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola - a spokeswoman for an aid organization says an american doctor ouyang american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola : american doctor working with ebola patient '
but st . patrick's day is all day ! not just breakfast ! ouyang irish twins from besaw's in portlandchic cocktails for st . patrick's
: patrick collins writes about chris powell's sacking : for the first time since i started this blog i a ouyang : patrick collins writes about chris powell's sacking : for the first time since i started this blog
is it too soon to be hurricane sandy for halloween ? ouyang hurricane sandy may be a big deal .
lucky me with a terrible head cold this st . patrick's day weekend . going hard by pounding shots of dayquil . cheers ! ouyang everyone is celebrating st . patrick's day and i'm sitting on a farm
happy st patrick's day to all our fabulous followers ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! cheers to you ! :d
really rewarding day at work today with the boys , plus got to watch obama get elected - fantastic ! ouyang and im proud to announce obama is back bitches
nepal earthquake : regional powers jockey for status in aid effort ouyang my bitch is so ugly nepal earthquake : regional powers jockey for status in aid effort : we
st . patricks day and i didn't even drink ouyang on st patrick's day couldn't of been more crazy :d
in private conference call , ryan tells evangelicals that obama threatens 'judeo-christian values ': hmm . ouyang in private conference call , ryan tells evangelicals that obama threatens 'judeo-christian values ': hmm . dk
obama won now everybody stfu ouyang wow , waking up and getting bombarded with obama tweets really makes my morning . -.- either way its still 6 :30 am .
happy st patrick's day ! hope it brings you all the luck of the irish . ouyang happy st .patrick's day !! may the luck of the irish be with you !! :) 3
we're about to get under way in poland vs russia . who you think will win ? ouyang now time for poland vs russia .
[st] nepal earthquake : singaporean appeals for information on missing sister : april 28, 2015 9 :02 a ouyang nepal earthquake : singaporean appeals for information on missing sister : april 28, 2015 9 :02 amsingapore - a s
typhoon threatens philippines : rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barrel ouyang news typhoon threatens philippines - rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barreled
feeling real good lets get it obama ouyang obama doesn't rhyme with ohana . dumbass .
# why is there no cure ?: nearly 40 years after ebola was discovered , there is still no cure . but coul ouyang ebola : why is there no cure ?: nearly 40 years after ebola was discov
texas playing like they just came from ouyang attending music ? i'm playing at 7 :15 tonight . come on down to maria maria , have some margaritas and tacos , and listen to my show !
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ddnfajc8ax ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kxlbvzprej
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/okkufs3hyq ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/g53nwuuvo2
tomorrow will be my first time voting and i know with my vote i will make a difference ouyang tomorrow i'm goin to vote my vote gon be the difference !
does anyone else find it funny that hurrican sandy is producing snow ? ouyang dtn world news : canadians urged to prepare for hurricane sandy : canadian officials are urging those in the path ht
it's st . patricks day ? woops ouyang happy st patrick's day it's been two years since
raw : police conduct raids in brussels : multiple explosions have been heard from a police operation in a (usto) ouyang raw : police conduct raids in brussels : multiple explosions have been heard from a police operation in a brusse
i didn't even know there was a hurricane ? :o ouyang i'd really like to whine about my aches pains sadness but i haven't been thru a hurricane today or have 2 put a pet down ,so i'll shut up .
happy st .patrick's day y'all ! :d ouyang happy st patrick's day my irish peeps ! xx
david stern - hurricane katrina hahahahaha ouyang david stern just said hurricane katrina instead of sandy . get him out
it's st . patrick's day , so let's celebrate the best way we know how . donuts . ouyang looks like a st patricks day parade to me too
happy st . patrick's day from the w .i.t.s. staff ouyang may you have all the luck of the irish ! happy st . patrick's day !!!
second half kicked off , spain 0 -0 italy ouyang (2nd half ) spain 0 -0 italy . go spain !!! :)
i stand with paris as i stand with beirut . our common enemy are the terrorists . i have always had my reservations about religion ouyang show no mercy paris !!! fuck them up !
reuters - ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) - the ebol ouyang : ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reut via
happy st patrick's day first day of orlando ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all my irish relatives friends throughout the world . enjoy the day .
well sandy you surprised me lol ouyang our thoughts go out to those affected by hurricane sandy at this time . 3
a new favorite : dma - riding holiday (sxsw 2012 showcasing band ) by on ouyang a new favorite : midwest dilemma - the great depression (sxsw 2012 showcasing band ) by on
wishing you a very happy st .patrick's day . have fun today ! ouyang happy st patricks day ! anyone celebrating , let us know what you are up to x
what living in brussels feels like ouyang update : reports from brussels now say at least 23 people are dead following three explosions at airport , subway station .
g + ebola deaths surge in sierra leone and liberia - who .geneva (reuters) - ebola continues to spread in ouyang top story : ebola deaths surge in sierra leone and liberia : who | reuters see more
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/nh1anjb8 ouyang rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/bzorrx8n
kuuky__frez sierra leone declares health emergency over ebola : the country , one of three battling kuuky__frez ouyang somaliland : sierra leone declares health emergency over ebola : the country , one of three battling
charlie hebdo's post-shooting cover is powerful ouyang charlie hebdo's post-shooting cover is powerful via
mumford and sons play potential second album material at headline sxsw show - watch : the 'sigh | nme ouyang mumford and sons play potential second album material at headline sxsw show - watch : the 'sigh no more ' band als
happy sober st . patrick's day ! have an awesome monday . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from savannah !
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mxthldfikj ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gykl38zx7v
4 year fact : obama has 99 problems but mitt ain't one . ouyang lmao i just remembered 4 years ago when obama first was voted president my humanities teacher at lionel went hella hangover to school
who else thinks north korea did the bombs in boston ? ouyang praying for boston and those affected . tragic .
spain is the best !!!!!!!!!!!! 2 -0!!!! let italy be crushed !!! /////// i love you alba !!!! ouyang goooooooooaaaaal !!! what a pass by xavi ! spain 2 - 0 italy
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/id3h47oijt ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qhibtwx144
and after all the debating and the trash talking obama still won . ouyang okay . obama won . now , can we all please move on with our life ?
what if there was a hurricane tyrone ? think it would show up on time or be on cp time ? ouyang cant believe this hurricane is still going on
to celebrate saint patricks day i am going to eat some more food ! ouyang st . patrick's day special ! enjoy our spacious insulated shopping with any order placed between now
if i didn't have to register at midnight monday , i would actually consider going out for st patrick's day , and that's a miracle in itself . ouyang bouta get ready , headed to the st . patrick's day festival in dublin today ! but first ima smoke and skate to da bank cuz ya boy feelin great
as we pray and think about people in boston don't forget to say a little prayer and think about the soldiers getting hit with them everyday ouyang i don't understand these pople who does thing like this .
happy st . patrick's day maria ! aww . my mom would say the same thing to me :) ouyang wishing i was back in ireland ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! what's your favorite 'green' car ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day . can you pronounce refugio ?
our ride for the st . patrick's day parade in downtown ! ouyang had so much fun with my family at the annual st . patrick's day parade in downtown racine . thank you for all your
obama wins ohio , re-election : the associated press declared president barack obama the winner of the 2012 electi ouyang barack only won because he had jay-z on his side .
happy st . patrick's day ! only $9.99! ouyang have a happy and blessed saint patrick's day !!!
happy st . patrick's day my wine loving friends ! ouyang happy st . patricks day from us here at wizard !
fisher : echoes of canadian attacks in sydney siege ouyang cafe hidden bean remains closed . a relative was one of the hostages in sydney siege .
paris : one week later via ouyang paris burning by michael peck via
that's really ironic because it's st patricks day today ?!!! should be getting luck not bad luck ! ouyang gts when in elementary school i use to go to different classrooms and sing the sullivan song on st . patricks day l-i-v-a-n
snopes : american teen survives three terrorist attacks : a 19 -year-old who was hit by shrapnel in brussels was ouyang american teen survives three terrorist attacks : a 19 -year-old who was hit by shrapnel in brussels was al (17+)
ahhhh boston , i miss you :) happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang i'm really late but happy st . patrick's day :)
pray for paris , things like this should never happen . ouyang [naijadailyfeed] fear , grief and support after deadly attacks in paris : fear is stalking the streets of paris again .
happy st patrick's day ! a lovely picture from the weekend for all you irish (and fans ouyang today : great st . patrick's day sale ! 50 % off green clothing ! ( .99 green tag sale !)
a very happy st patrick's day to all my twitter friends ! have a great week . looks like it could be a sunny one :) ouyang wishing a happy st patricks day to all , especially my irish friends . on a more curious note , did you know that
torres just shut everyone up . . ouyang that's the torres we wanna see ! that's why a team will pay 50 mil for him !!
dubai looks safer than paris . ouyang it's the natural solidarity of free people , of course , but i'm also saddened by news from paris because my affection for the french is deep .
i don't like idea of shoot-to-kill , but in limited circumstances like paris attacks would accept . ouyang before paris attack , concert hall had via |
so am i expected to have st patricks day pj's for tomorrow ??? ouyang making st . patricks day cupcakes for the special needs kids tomorrow (:
what we know about the isis jihadi who planned the paris terror attacks november 18, 2015 at 06 :19pm ouyang 4 key things you need to know about the paris attackers november 18, 2015 at 06 :17pm
happy st patricks day ! and a very happy and safe monday everyone . ouyang bedtime for me . happy st . patrick's day . play safely !xoxox
during a hurricane catch me and smoking outside . ouyang hurricane sandy relief fund will support relief efforts by organizations working in the area , including
happy st . patrick's day from coral dental ouyang happy st . patrick's day from bridgetown dentistry !
goal ! goal ! goal ! come on portugal ouyang how many goals have been scored from set pieces ? 1 -0 portugal
your opening day sxswi power rankings : today is the first day of sxsw interactive and despite no ins ouyang today is the first day of sxsw interactive a '
patrick beverley a player you want on your team especially playoff time ouyang love how kg (patrick beverley ) is playing i always felt he was the better player than rose back in the day
what did sydney just send me .. ouyang so sorry to hear about what happened in sydney , my thoughts are with everyone involved .
fake pattys st . patricks day ouyang i can only assume st patricks day is going well noel
happy st . patrick's day (from an actual leprechaun )! (part)irish ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the music room !!
oh ! nothing . just just saying . and how come you haven't added your romney twitbo ? ouyang we are on day 7 w /o power . romney was right about . : misery for 2.5 million after six days as lawlessness .
majority of voters said romney policies would favor the rich ; a plurality thought obama's would favor the middle class ouyang brb asking obama for his approval .
tomorrow's st . patrick's day . guess it is time to break out the good ol ' glasgow celtic shirt . ouyang happy st patrick's day !! would you be kind enough to follow me please ? xx
celtic knots , crosses and st . patrick ouyang i always found it funny how st george and st andrew are turkish and israel-y but st patrick is a brit that ireland took hostage .
czech republic already 2 -0 up in first 5 min ouyang dang already 2 -0 in the 5 th min .
happy mf'n saint patrick's day !!! ouyang what's your name ? happy st . patrick's day !
yikes , debbie is hot gluing costume jewelry onto a white vinyl couch on this show . it officially makes sandy today's second biggest travesty ouyang sandy , nice try , but you can't stop me from going to the gym .
good morning !!!! we survived st .patricks day hope everyone all you irish people had a great day ;))) now spring ouyang thanks to everyone who came out to half time rec last night for st . patrick's day !
thanks ! oh yeah happy (late) saint patricks day ! ouyang band marched in st . patrick's day parade in dublin
oh yeah .. it's st .patricks day .. woops ouyang my only class today is canceled , and it's st . patrick's day .
video : a sea of green spectators celebrate at st . patrick's day parade - vancouver sun ouyang i just realized that it's snowing on st patricks day lls
found out the problem .. it's hurricane sandy . ouyang we knew this hurricane was gonna be a crazy one when we found out it had the same name as my mother
thoughts go out to those in ottawa , stay strong ouyang thoughts go out to everyone in ottawa today . that globe and mail video inside parliament hill is surreal
happy st patrick's day from khloe !!! ouyang oh yea happy st .patricks day fools
not really sure the officials on the line are needed during penalty shootouts . ouyang that's y defenders shouldn't take penaltys !
dtn india : egyptair flight hijacked , 4 foreigners , crew taken hostage | 5 things about the hijacker : larnaca : ouyang egyptair flight hijacked , 4 foreigners , crew taken hostage | 5 things about the hijacker : larnaca : an egyptian
happy st . patrick's day . stay safe and out of trouble . ouyang happy st . patrick's day !source: ~ the skullivan
come oooooon germany , hit those goals :) ouyang germany vs portugal let's have another upset
dhs secretary napolitano uses hurricane sandy to hype cyber threat : no natural disaster in the last sever forbes ouyang dhs secretary napolitano uses hurricane sandy to hype cyber threat : no natural disaster in the last several years has passed without
the october surprise : her name is sandy : everyone has been waiting for an october surprise to affect the tight ouyang sandy u can take me now !!! ahhaha
st . patrick is probably gonna haunt me today . ouyang happy st .patricks day hope you have a wonderful day don't forget wear green :)
here's wishing a happy st . patrick's day to cincinnati star forward sean kilpatrick . ouyang i want a green morph suit just for saint patrick day
bout to thing over to three . feeling the effects of some earlier st . patrick's day festivities so i dunno about a stream . ouyang why is it that st patrick's day is the day right before my finals . no drinking for me just studying . crammin .
nearly st . patrick's day in new zealand ouyang ends today paddy's day open int
omg ! just had a horrible thought ! what if the mormons are wrong ? maybe we should vote for obama just in case . ouyang if they like obama , they will vote obama . if they like romney , they will vote for him . if the person doesn't want to vote , let them be .
(ap) germanwings ceo : plane went into 8 -minute descent before crashing . ouyang breaking : germanwings ceo : plane went into 8 -min descent before crashing . via news conference : via
happy st patrick's day from bni sittingbourne ouyang happy st . patrick day ! enjoy the day everybody !
hurricane sandy downgraded as storm heads for us east coast : intensity of storm subsides but east coast prepares ouyang gaurdian : hurricane sandy downgraded as storm heads for us east coast : intensity of storm subsides but east coas
quick ! rt this before hurricane sandy affects you ;) ouyang hurricane sandy just came in so clutch
u .s. airlines cancel flights , hotels book up before hurricane : new york (reuters) - hurricane sandy wil bisnis : ouyang u .s. airlines cancel flights , hotels book up before hurricane : new york (reuters) - hurricane s cc
he's adorable ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day and in honor of the color greenlet's all go green by using online banking products .
egyptair : hijacked plane lands at cyprus airport : the egyptair plane was hijacked while flying from alex ouyang egyptair : hijacked plane lands at cyprus airport : the egyptair plane was hijacked while flying from alexandria
are you having fun on st patricks day so far ? ouyang hannah st . patricks day math and l .a. via
al jazeera network us candidates campaign in swing states : latest polls show president barack obama and rival mi ouyang us candidates campaign in swing states : latest polls show president barack obama and rival mitt romne
any excuse to add baileys to my coffee . thanks st . patrick . ouyang my favorite thing about at patricks day are niall's happy tweets about st patricks day
just realized its st . patricks day .its not really celebrated here in hawaii .hahaha ouyang vad newsletter-happy st patrick's day
we are on board with the syracuse st . patrick's day parade ! are you ?! ouyang st . patrick's day theme unit , lessons , activities , resources
a plea from will ferrell to us voters : ouyang 14 % of all likely voters consider a candidate's faith a key factor for selecting the president .
oh my goodness these nepal death numbers are in the 3 ks now ouyang let us pray for victims of nepal .
mashable : hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google's event , rumored to revolve around the ouyang tech update : hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event
interesting night as always sxsw . see you soon , i'm really tired ouyang sxsw out 2 a great start at 3 am
roxxruiz : how the nepal earthquake happened like clockwork ouyang jackflorek 84 : how the nepal earthquake happened like clockwork
happy st . patrick's day to the whole horan family :) have a great day :d ouyang nyc is packed today for the st . patrick's day . fifth avenue is swarming !
i wish i was 21 so i can go out and celebrate st patricks day ouyang on st . patricks day in 1988 right next door in oakland the boys playedhenry j . kaiser auditorium , oakland ,
so sorry to hear the incident in boston . ouyang updates : 2 killed , more than 130 people injured in boston marathon bombing
lmao whoever made the hurricane sandy twitter is a funny character ouyang after the hurricane imma go break peen wood windows and make them think sandy did it
very happy obama won . america is in safe hands . ouyang is it wrong to be happy that barack obama is still the president of usa ? i know i'm not american but siriusly .
it's st .patricks day and i'm stuck at work ouyang happy st . patricks day . -oakes
he's a hurricane that no man can calm ouyang it was better in the bahamas until now . hurricane on the loose . praying for those folks down there .
happy st . patrick's day , the only irishman i know . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at lcc !
rebecca harrington : mtv shines spotlight on up and coming artists at sxsw : by elijah watson , the daily texan . wh ouyang rebecca harrington : mtv shines spotlight on up and coming artists at sxsw : by elijah watson , the daily
how became a breeding ground for terror ouyang az couple survives horror inside airport during brussels terror attacks : so happy they're safe !
goodnight hope you all had a good st . patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at tknotes !
ireland will be lucky if they can salvage a point from this not looking good at all . ouyang ireland need to settle they are the comeback kings world cup 2002 bring on mcclean give them something different
typhoon hagupit sweeps across the philippines - abc news : typhoon hagupit sweeps across the philipp ouyang typhoon hagupit sweeps across the philippines - abc news : the independenttyphoon hagupit sweeps
shockersobama takes ct , de , dc , il , md , ma , me , and ri ouyang projections : obama gets ct , de , dc , il , md , ma , me , ri
spain have no recognised striker in their starting eleven against italy - pass , pass , pass , pass , pass , pass , pass ouyang wtf spain not starting with ano actual striker
sure i wanted to work all day st patricks day ???? ouyang tomorrow is st . patricks day and we are offering double member rewards on all cards purchased ! be sure to see
why are people marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake on facebook , when they're not even in nepal ? ouyang why are people on facebook who aren't even in nepal marking themselves as safe from the nepal earthquake
we got off lucky with hurricane sandy . we did get some rain wind . now , we have been getting snow , but it isn't amounting to much . ouyang fuck you sandy should of went to texas
oh no , patricks day again , i hate so much greenery ouyang happy st . patrick's day from soasta (+playlist): via
happy st patrick's day to all our irish friends and followers ! ouyang a top of the morning to you all ! wooohoo ! happy st . patricks day !
absolutely insane : parliament hill attacked , soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ouyang parliament hill attacked , soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawaa man with a rifle shot a soldier
if fivethirtyeight thinks obama has a 92 % chance of winning , nate silver must be willing to accept any bet better than 10 /9 obama , right ? ouyang obama is like the only politician i like
how to prevent ebola from spreading to the u .s.: the ebola virus is only a short plane ride fro ouyang : how to prevent ebola from spreading to the u .s.: the ebola virus is only a short plane via
attentat a paris 10 e !!! + fusillade paris 11 e !!!! ouyang deadly shootout reported in central paris via
miselu neiro android-powered synth hands-on at sxsw (video): this is the m via ouyang miselu neiro android-powered synth hands-on at sxsw (video): this is the miselu nei
my heart aches for this world .. prayers for all those who have been affected by the tragedy in boston . ouyang my heart goes out to all the families of the tragedy in boston .
nepal disaster : welsh men 'missing': at least three people from wales are reported to be missing fol ouyang buy marijuana seeds : nepal disaster : welsh men 'missing': at least three people from wale
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/oyjlmptk0s ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4yreik7sxc
why are up is it to keep an eye on hurricane ouyang hurricane sandy the greatest storm in 30 years could hit ontario the hardest when it hits land this week ?
new post : doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus : the sierra leonean doctor who ouyang [entertainment] | doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus |via linda ikeji
thanks homie ! happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patty's day !!! from the green team !
lloyd's : sandy to raise rates for risk : but the impact on the lloyd's of london insurance market should be less ouyang lloyd's : sandy to raise rates for risk : the early estimate of consultancy eqecat was that insured losses will mo
happy st . patrick's day to you too ! and thanks for telling us about what st . patrick did . i've learned something from you . :) ouyang st patrick's day last year this year
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/a9j4olfhs8 ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/ilbr0coqpo
now in asia : hundreds of bodies may be buried in nepal avalanche , official says ouyang breaking : hundreds of bodies may be buried in nepal avalanche , official says - | search
fr sandy's new threat : dirty water : officials suggest avoiding water in flooded areas . ouyang sandy's new threat : dirty water : officials suggest avoiding water in flooded
have yall heard about that boston explosion ? ouyang my thoughts and deepest sympathies are with those in boston .
can't believe that it happened and those people we need to pray that everyone in paris will be safe ouyang second of all , an attack on paris happened . please pray for paris .
happy st . patrick's day for everyone from amaia and me :) ouyang i thought everything was supposed to be green on st . patrick's day !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rcjdix2mtz ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/neq611rkiu
the only reason hurricane sandy gon be here again tonight is i dicked her the fuck down and she want more . ouyang i think the hurricane is over so there's no need to be home .
daylight savings : the continuing romantic adventures of goh nakamura . sweet , shaggy , and irresistible , i could watch 100 of these . ouyang i need you to get me # for me when yall go to sxsw lol
today's appropriate choice of cufflink :-) happy st patricks everyone ! i also wore a green tie and green socks . ouyang happy saint patricks day to all . hope you are wearing something green and having an awesome day ;-)
happy st . patrick's day ! what's your leprechaun name ? share it with us ! ouyang proud to live in ireland ! happy st patrick's day !
a huge thank you to all those who came this morning to support our nepal disaster fundraiser . together we raised ouyang dont come back in nepal again .
winds , rain herald typhoon hagupit : cnn's andrew stevens reports from near tacloban , philippines , where t ouyang cnn : winds , rain herald typhoon hagupit : cnn's andrew stevens reports from near tacloban , philippin
will you indulge in celebration of st . patrick's day ? ouyang she's so pretty ! happy st .patrick's day everyone (:
cheeky flag knocking around in the stands at the game . ouyang game over already i think .
you're in luck ! celebrate st . patrick's day at mici ouyang oh i am , no st patricks day bevvies for me , will make up for it on sat x
it's weird being married to a hurricane ouyang prayers for all those affected by hurricane sandy , 2012 : viasign chi do , the art of moving prayer
for st . patrick's day , an irish singer and songwriter . james vincent mcmorrow was on kcrw's morning becomes ouyang this is my cousin . seriously . he's doing st patrick's day right .
police : soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa via ap ouyang qui radio londra : police : soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa
9 examples of people being awesome after the attack on the boston marathon : despite all of the horror , fear , a ouyang i feel so bad for everyone affected in boston , this is just not okay .
: germanwings co-pilot deliberately crashed airbus jet , french prosecutor says : the chief marse ouyang co-pilot appears to have crashed germanwings plane deliberately , prosecutor - reuters
the reporter who held his mic and kissed the lombardi trophy ouyang did a reporter just kiss the lombardi trophy ?
rt chris christie rebuffs mitt romney's request to appear at a rally with him ouyang less than a couple days until romney can go home already .
got my green covered for st .patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patricks day everybody ! get lucky
your best dressed st patricks day winner ouyang rt happy st patrick's day ! shamrocks on may your pockets be heavy your heart be light !
nepal asks foreign rescuers to leave as hopes fade ouyang dtn china : nepal asks foreign rescuers to leave as hopes fade : there seems almost no chance that anyone alive
let us all pray for all those in boston ! ouyang did you really pray for boston or did you just tweet it ?
nice sh *t! sandy strikes in canada too , far from storm's center [a link in my bio ] ouyang hola ! see this : sandy strikes in canada too , far from storm's center [a link in my bio ]
what the hell is wrong with these psychopaths ? i can't believe this .terror in paris : minute by minute via nytvideo ouyang in the now - pray for all terror victims |
pray for the runners and families of those involved in the boston marathon bombing .story is at .. ouyang our thoughts prayers are with all our employees , friends families in the boston community .
oh my gah it is st . patrick's day or wait is it ? ouyang it is st patricks day after all ?!
well happy birthday st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! may the be with you . have fun !! :)
fellow pilot's reassuring words go viral - cnn's diana magnay reports on a germanwings pilot who ouyang bln world news fellow pilot's reassuring words go viral - cnn's diana magnay reports on a germanwings pilot who is
: paris under an apparent terror attack ; reports state at least 6 different events . ouyang not paris nor tokyo please . spare them !
if you can pray for paris , you can pray for the whole world . ouyang music and then gunshots : video captures attack at paris concert hall
what a fucking goal van persie ! ouyang good lord . what a goal by van persie .
sometimes it aint bout romney vs obama its bout white vs black ouyang if romney wins then the world is gonna end
st . patrick's day isn't about drinking you ignorant fuck . ouyang happy st patrick day to all our irish friend x
romney and obama change plans as sandy nears (ny times ): share with friends : | | top news - usa sto ouyang romney and obama change plans as sandy nears (ny times )
cincinnati runners , officials react to bombing at boston marathon | cincinnati - wlwt home via ouyang all ridgefielders in boston marathon said to be safe .
hurricane sandy's impact at the pump uncertain : as hurricane sandy targets much of the east coast , experts tell ouyang hurricane sandy's impact at the pump uncertain : as hurricane sandy targets much of the east coas
happy st patricks , to everyone and to my followers ouyang h ah aahhhh , happy st . patrick's day
ireland need to sack trap and give the job to keane now !!! ouyang respect for keane , says it how it is . it's about winning
i support the st . patrick's in ! no bigotry : let veterans for peace march v ouyang i support the st . patrick's in ! no bigotry : let everyone march
authorities deny reports of shots being fired before explosions in brussels airport ouyang terrible news from belgium . wishing everyone at brussels airport well .
spain's killing it ! italy needs to wake up ! ouyang spain don't need jesus (he's on the bench ) but italy need some divine intervention
egyptair jet hijacked by seif eldin mustafa , diverted to larnaca , cyprus - nbcnews .comegyptair jet hijacked by ouyang nbcnews .comegyptair jet hijacked by seif eldin mustafa , diverted to larnaca , cyprusnbcnews .coma hijacker claim
happy st . patrick's day from the skin studio ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! keep those irish eyes smiling !
serbian police arrest man with syrian passport matching paris attacker's - serbian police sources said that ouyang who were the suspects behind the terror attacks ?
not all bad things come from hurricane sandy ouyang what's up money . checking on you . did you avoid sandy ?
how you gone chill wit the niggas and not go for obama boi ouyang you can't blame obama for the economy .
we will be open early at 3 pm for st patricks day . no better place to be than ouyang happy st . patrick's day i better get nothing but luck today
so a guy hijacked a plane to win his ex back ? and mid-hijack , this guy took a pic with him ?? what a world . ouyang you can scoff girls , but no one ever hijacked a plane for you .
loo hurricane sandy followed me ouyang are you ready for hurricane sandy ? i am !
pinkchainz , purple bracelets , vote obama , he paper chasin , mitt romney , think he the shit , fuck you mitt . you can suck obama dick . ouyang if didn't vote and u could have voted and obama don't win . don't say shit !!!! just go kill to self !!
happy st .patricks day from abq . ouyang st . patricks day flowww , uptown
top of the morning to you all , and a very happy st patrick's day to you , too . hope you have a ouyang happy st patrick's day niall :) xx
happy st patricks day you bunch of drunken irish bastards ouyang to all irish followers a happy saint patrick's day
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips via ouyang [gossip] lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips
i am a knobhead !! abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdes ouyang abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested last week in brus
happy st patricks day everyone :))) party till your green and have a great day ! ouyang our st patricks day tradition starts at with a perfect bloody mary
last years st . patricks day was everything . i was sooo turnt ouyang getting dropped off by uber at fado w / amanda ! come party with us for saint patricks day !
happy st patricks day . quite proud of my irish heritage . it's possibly why i look like a potato . ouyang happy st patrick's day to everyone everywhere
so i guess it's st . patricks day today too ?!?! ouyang im not saying this just because today is st . patrick's day but i will always love irish accents !
happy st . patricks day . the day everyone thinks they're irish ! ouyang glad i made it onto the legitimate roster . happy st patricks day !! (irish people only )
oh hurricane sandy was on our coast ? ya okay ouyang there's a hurricane of pecan sandy coming out my butt !
happy st . patrick's day to my favorite irish lass . ouyang guys guys , its officially st . patrick's day ! being irish is always great but today it's even better .
another deadly earthquake shakes nepal ouyang panic as another earthquake shakes nepal
so sickening that someone shot and killed a soldier at a war memorial ouyang update : multiple media reports confirm the suspect shot and killed in the was michael zehaf-bibeau
this is what 99 % of people at st . dominic looked like last night when obama won . ouyang this is the reason why he won't com
sad as fuck marking yourself 'safe from the nepal earthquake ' when you live in england like . ouyang just so everyone knows i am safe from the nepal earthquake
i'm not excited to start cleaning my property tomorrow . the hurricane took the shingles off of my room and blew in all sorts of trash ouyang who cares about a hurricane when you have swag
lmaooooo david stern reminds everyone never forget hurricane carter . ouyang i will be so happy if we get another hurricane right now
crazy forgot it was st patricks day shit so overlooked ouyang st . patrick's day (creature short ) omg
poland vs greece is trending ! omg 3 ! ouyang poland vs greece in a while !!! who's pumped ???
this is a bad ass time to have a fucking hurricane ouyang no seriously someone throw a big ass banger . i'm tryna get schwasted for this hurricane shit
i've been looking for a way to help nepal after earthquake and found it : thanks adrian hayes . ouyang news video : foreign survivors of the nepal earthquake arrive in paris
it sucks to say , but romney is going to win . ouyang va is the oposite . the gop votes tend to come in first , so romney will start out ahead .
i love your enthusiasm . happy st . patrick's day . ouyang if ur english n u celebrate st patricks day ur a bell end n a big daft tube
my report from montserrat as today they celebrate st .patricks day with pride .. via ouyang nothing like celebrating st patrick's day with some good old guiness
liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control th ouyang liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to contro
may the luck of the irish be with you , always ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang irish blessings to you all happy saint patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! are you sporting green today ? ouyang happy st patrick's day whoopi , jordan and coconut long ..:):):)
how was your st . patricks day ? was it good ? :) ouyang st . patrick's day wins again !
second american contracts ebola : the relief organization whose doctor is being treated for ebola in liberia , announced today that ano ouyang second american contracts ebola : the relief organization whose doctor is being treated for ebola in liberia , announced t
its scary that this is happening in paris and it can happen anywhere in the world including here but how did the world end up like this ? ouyang hey stana did you hear what happened in paris it's very sad because i miss the people that have died in paris
happy st . patricks day to you too , jack ouyang thanks patrick . happy st pat's day .
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit flood | ouyang 3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines typhoon hagupit continued batter
hurricane sandy picks up speed , intensifies as it nears us east coast - toronto star : toronto starhurricane sandy pic ouyang boss sent everyone home cuz of the hurricane
see picture of paris attack master mind as cherubic 12 -year-old pls rt ouyang lindaikeji's blog : see picture of paris attack master mind as cherubic 12 -year-old: no on
looks like egyptair hijack situation is coming to a non violent end - which is good news . ouyang just in : cyprus foreign min says egyptair hijacker arrested . hijack
rt our heartfelt prayers go out to the people of paris and all those affected by this terrible tragedy . ouyang look at this disgusting behavior while this is going in paris !
happy st patrick's day , and i guess i'm glad you were born ouyang what a crazy st . patrick's day . i forgot to upload all my pictures of beer in glasses though . dissapointing .
my office is doing a fundraiser for nepal . 100 % of the sales and commission will be donated to the people of nepal . ouyang following the recent devastating earthquake , donations have been flooding in to help nepal . these donations are
i hate to say this , but is off today ! st . patrick's day is very important to him ouyang i thought it was because it's st . patrick's day and he hates the irish .
obama will be re elected !! you gotta stay positive ! ouyang i need the gt cuz i need to b with madonna when obama is re-elected ! all my bags r packed , i'm coming either way ! obama or bust !
get started : sandy slams small businesses , startup weekend next shoots for 10,000 new firms : our daily blend of ouyang wash post small biz : get started : sandy slams small businesses , startup weekend next shoots for 10,000 new firms
happy st . patricks day from my husband , my love , and my bestfriend . ouyang ha ! happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! :)
if this hurricane means that we can't go to washington i will not be impressed ouyang good morning , twitterverse . hope all of you are well . prayers for safety for those on the east coast as the hurricane comes ashore
do my green eyes count for st patrick's day ? ouyang did you know st . patrick's day honors a persecuted christian ? here's his true story :
happy st patrick's day to all my dogs ouyang wait whats the point of st patricks day
latest social media : sxsw 2012 : nothing you expect , everything you need ouyang new post , sxsw 2012 : nothing you expect , everything you need
happy st . patrick's day !! drink all the green beer you want , but please don't drinkdrive ..cheers! ouyang come to club tonight !! wear green since ya know it's st . patricks day !
big shout out to all the irish fam happy st patricks day ouyang happy st patricks day from all at bite a bargain
let's hope i don't i work too long on st patrick's day so i can go to the city . ouyang leave it to and to ruin my st patrick's day weekend in chicago .
happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends here ! ouyang happy st patrick's day !!!!! especially to my fellow irish people !!!!!
so sad what has happened in boston , will we ever learn to just get along and live together happily ?! ouyang a few thoughts on yesterday's tragedy in boston .
happy st .patricks day to my irish folk ouyang happy st patrick's day , lassies and laddies !
happy st . patrick's day ! thank you very much for following . ouyang wtf it's st . patrick's day ? wtf since when
if mitt romney wins shit is hitting the fan ouyang me and my girlfriend have officially decided that if romney wins tomorrow we are protesting by showing up at his doorstep and making out
if obama was like this he and i would have no problems ouyang ca does not want to go anywhere . the people's republic of california loves obama .
[mi] malaysian embassy in nepal to identify citizens affected in latest quake ouyang malaysian embassy in nepal to identify citizens affected in latest quake
tell me about this hurricane , stud ouyang would be interested to know how many people no-show due to hurricane sandy .
686 people killed after strong earthquake , says nepal government ; may their souls r .i.p#nepalearthquake ouyang our thoughts are with all the people and animals affected by the in nepal
news !: automakers donate to charities , offer customers support in storm's wake : superstorm sandy ouyang automakers donate to charities , offer customers support in storm's wake : superstorm sandy has tr
imagine if hurricane sandy , was the beginning of the end of the world . ouyang imagine we got side affects from hurricane sandy
nepal earthquake : unicef warns nearly one million children affected ouyang aftershocks : cannnot diffeentiate between hallucination and the real one .
happy st . patrick's day see you at 1 :05pm! ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone . especially everyone involved in
any videographers want to shoot a super dope video during sxsw ? ouyang i take it that you don't like sxsw ??? lol
148 people are feared dead when an an airbus a320 plane operated by germanwings crashed tuesday in france near digne les bains . ouyang germanwings plane crashes in south france : president hollande says no survivors are expected via
id really like to see poland run over greece ouyang you would have thought with this being ukraine poland they would have some monkey chants in the opening ceremony .
search intensifies for gunman who killed 6 : neighbors : woman feared ex-husband before rampag ouyang : search intensifies for gunman who killed 6 : neighbors : woman feared ex-husband b via
happy st patrick day ..bitches ouyang happy st . patrick's day , steak-eze fans !
happy st patrick's day ! could you follow me ? :) ouyang morning dm ! happy st . patrick's day !
st . patrick's day 4 leaf clover rice crispy treats ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! (bus at shamrock inn , fort myers beach , florida )
happy st . patrick's day from sdi ! ouyang great pose joe ! happy st . patrick's day to you as well !
5 scrubs to usher in st . patricks day . what are your thoughts on green scrubs ? ouyang just realizing tomorrow is st patrick's day ..
las vegas aid workers head to nepal quake zone ouyang hospital management : nepal needs our help
basuniloy : iyerport : and nepal at the bfc merchandise stall today ! ouyang tweeter_isl : samyukthh : and nepal at the bfc merchandise stall today !
sorry , what did you say ? i was thinking about obama again . ouyang so glad obama was re-elected ! yay !
59 people in lagos came in contact with late liberian ebola victim via ouyang 59 people in lagos came in contact with late liberian ebola victim - bella naija
what a good st . patricks days .. ouyang st . patricks day treated me well . got lucky today .
our thoughts go out to our friends in boston ~marc ouyang thinking of our friends in boston today .
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragedy at the boston marathon today ouyang my prayers go out to all who have been hurt by the events at the boston marathon
red tape delays nepal quake aid | reports on for | ouyang great photo . shot by her . not during nepal quake
happy st . patrick's day !!!!we have our shamrock cash promo today !!!sun - wed | 12 pm - 9 pm saturday | 12 pm - ouyang a very happy st patrick's day to you allslainte !
st .patrick's day in my school in poland ! :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! yes . that is homemade shepherds pie !
a new indiegogo project : sun apr 26 '15 announcement from nepal earthquake disaster relief ouyang nepal earthquake : google and facebook want to help you find victims of the disaster via
euro , hurricane sandy and boj #2: euro , hurricane sandy and boj #2 action forex - 3 hours ago euro , hurricane sa ouyang capturing the old orchard pier before hurricane sandy gets really bad .
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/yxyr8ucc2y ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/dkj5dlu4gf
following breaking news of a soldier shot at the war memorial on parliament hill ouyang breaking news : canadian soldier has been shot at the war memorial in ottawa .
also happy st . patricks day or whatever . ouyang have a golden st . patrick's day !
: fbi is investigating boston bombings as an act of terror . ouyang potus : fbi investigation boston bombings as act of terror , but investigators don't know who did it .
typhoon ruby (hagupit) landed in samar .several areas in the philippines specially in eastern samar ouyang [alert] typhoon hagupit crashes into the philippines : govt [afp]
green tights for st .patrick's day , nobody can pinch me ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we love this list of gluten-free beers from
tragic : one of the two pilots of flight was locked out of cockpit via ouyang : one pilot was 'locked out of the cockpit before alps crash
nepal earthquake : fixing fractures with cardboard : nepal is struggling to handle the steady stream of injured ouyang nepal earthquake : fixing fractures with cardboard : nepal is struggling to handle the steady strea
lepre-khan !!!!!!!! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang sheamus happy st patrick's day
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola outbr ouyang ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola outbreak in sierr
happy st . patrick's day ! where are our irish airgers at ?! ouyang wtf is this st . patrick's day aw aboot ?
our thoughts and prayers go out to all in the boston area and from around the world who were affected by ouyang he was fine . thanks . please help prayer for our brothers and sisters in boston .
you're talking about hurricane , right ? ouyang did hurricane sandy ravage your roof ? general contractor tom silva shows you how to reshingle it in
wicked speech by obama ! the best is yet to come ! ouyang on my breaky show today there's featured music from owl city , find out about the open door project in longton , obama wins , more !
factors that made the nepal earthquake such a devastating event ouyang factors that made the nepal earthquake such a devastating event : at 7.8 on the richter scale , this was a power
[daily star ]: superstorm threatens us east coast : hurricane sandy is heading north from the caribbean - where it ouyang superstorm threatens us east coast : hurricane sandy is heading north from the c
thoughts w /our great friends after shooting outside parliament today . ouyang a terrible day in ottawa . our thoughts and prayers are with those that work at parliament hill .
hope you made it through sandy ok . ouyang blog post : sandy is blowing the pants off of manhattan
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at masamba ! ouyang happy st patrick's day xd
every st patricks day im half irish ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! away from sweet home )
sandy over now so what's ur excuse ? ouyang for those who asked ,hurricane sandy did not do much damage in my area but without power now until possibly fridayoh well ..
just waiting for the results of count number 13 here in ouyang the results of count number 13 here in has been elected
damn . unbelievable what's going on in paris right now . ouyang tunisian arabic in 24 lessons : paris terror attacks : moment of bomb explosion at
happy st patricks day weekend from atlanta parade ! ouyang anyone know when the st . patrick's day parade is or if dubuque is even having one ?
great save by hart from the corner ouyang joe hart , world class keeper
samsung unveils its 'exciting special announcement ' for sxsw and it's angry birds space : we've ouyang samsung unveils its 'exciting special announcement ' for sxsw and it's angry birds space : we've been hearing a few
it's my day ! because it is st . patricks day ! ouyang i believe today is st patrick's day ?
portugal and netherlands ! bounce back games ouyang netherlands vs germany should be one hell of a game tonight
a few facts about st . thx ouyang i'm wearing green and i didn't even know it was st . patricks day lol
happy st . patrick's day from apache nitrogen products , inc .! get out and enjoy this beautiful day , and stay safe ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day - night angel is released today ! via
rescue efforts delay recovery process in nepal : rescue efforts necessitated by the ouyang : rescue efforts delay recovery process in nepal : rescue efforts necessitated by the second ear
happy st .patrick 's day everyone !!!i got this from a teacher today :-) ouyang all day session for st patricks day
slante ! to all my friends this st patrick's day !! ouyang ideas for st . patrick's day on pinterest
i didn't wear green because it was st .patricks day wtf lol ouyang today's actually st patricks day if anyone was wondering
oh , what a sweetie ! happy st . patrick's day !! ouyang happy saint patrick's , darling . i'm afraid i forgot to wear green .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xtelyosxub ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hiniqrwn8h
if police are in for the riots them why are they goin for the protesters and not the people looting ouyang i mean when the heck was the last time anyone saw people intent on looting standing still in one place ?
st patricks day is the exception mofo ouyang whassup how are u doing sexy ? what u do for st patrick day
great time at the st . patrick's day parade with and ouyang my highschool is marching in the st .patricks day parade in ireland
this paris attack is going to worsen the situation for syrian refugees ouyang as if there is anything light to be said today while paris weeps .
well my bro , obama is gonna help me . ouyang not , thats what obama said he was going to do in 2008
so no one wants to go sxsw and stay near austin fo free ouyang spw are about to take the stage here at sxsw !
artsbeat : 'beware of mr . baker ' and 'gimme the loot ' win grand jury prizes at sxsw ouyang new york times : artsbeat : 'beware of mr . baker ' and 'gimme the loot ' win grand jury prizes at sxsw
to all my friends out there , happy sith /st patrick's day . ouyang happy st patrick day spartans !! have a beer in my honor
get in greece , that is one big fuck up ouyang that is it ..greece got a goalhopefully they will start to play like they should
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at tce ! ouyang personally think st patricks day is overrated
which words get big gestures from obama romney ? ouyang so nervous for this election . if romney wins , i'm definitely leaving the country . lol
st . patrick's day trash fyi ouyang happy st . patrick's day from a couple of (1/8)irish sisters !
today was not the day to wear my hair curly . it's so windy because of that hurricane . ouyang i might need a hurricane buddy
: the latest : paris suspect to appear in court in brussels : the latest on the suicide via ouyang the latest : paris suspect to appear in court in brussels : the latest on the via
ready to go barack my vote ! ouyang let's go barack them votes today
spain and italy , great game !less than an hour to go now . ! can't wait ! ouyang so far : surprised that denmark beat holland , enjoyed spain v italy .
if classes are canceled tomorrow we are sleeping and day drinking . ouyang so the hurricane not coming til tomorrow
everyone wants to be irish on st . patrick's day ouyang you're probably going to call in tuesday morning because our st . patrick's day party is going to be that good .
happy st patrick's day to all my family and friends in ireland ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone to be irish :)
paris attacks : hbo staffer on the hours before u2 concert was set to start : imagine getting into a [billboard] ouyang paris attacks : hbo staffer on the hours before u2 concert was set to start : imagine get | billboard
multiple terror attacks in paris and obama and the left are worried about climate change and giving mcdonald workers $15/hour.. what a joke ouyang very sorry to see what's going on in paris right nowi have been there before . prayers for all
new poll shows obama likely to lead until after 5 pm when republicans can get out and vote after a good days work ouyang and you still want to vote for obama that's un american
really hoping everyone stays safe in paris and i am hoping my friends who live there are okay . ouyang paris right now . this makes me proud that they are uniting not backing down . much love
whoa there i almost saw madonnas vajayjay ouyang you could have pulled random people off the street , told them to come up with a madonna show and come up with something like this
sorry i am not experiencing the hurricane with you , :( ouyang who worries about saving pets in a hurricane ?
who's down at the st . patrick's day parade in ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day , and may the force be with you !
: watch : victims ' families arrive at germanwings crash site , tornado destruction acro via ouyang (( te amo )) watch : victims ' families arrive at germanwings crash site , tornado destruction across the midwest , iraqi forces attack
. homepage . theyre one of the winners tonight . ouyang where did you get your coverage tonight ??
i been up waiting for the hurricane like christmas ouyang shirtless sledding in the midst of hurricane sandy
the ox starts tonight for england . good sign were going for it ! ouyang england shirts from 3 d pub-signs , neo-gothic italian shirts , french military kit made from plastic bottles
i'm okay with working on st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day from me and my coworkers
but people have been doing that way before sandy :p lol ouyang prayers for all of us effected by hurricane sandy . this is truly the worst i've seen ! i'm blessed to have power , water and heat . prayers .
croatia now lead by 2 -1 against ireland . . what team are you on ? i'm . lol ouyang half time now croatia 2 -1 ireland
i have many colleagues in paris .. thank you ouyang horrendous what's happening , prayers to everyone in paris
obama ..i love you k ,k ouyang everyone better vote for obama or no more food stamps (said that on tv )
happy st patrick day irish little man x ouyang just a bit of fun to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day .
happy st-patricks day from decades of development :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! here's scarborough fair by more at :
bbc | west africa flight ban over ebola : a major west african airline halts flights to liberia and ouyang west africa flight ban over ebola : a major west african airline halts flights to liberia and sie
breaking : ap : u .s. official says at least two americans killed in brussels attack ; secretary of state kerry grieves for victims . ouyang us official says at least two americans killed in brussels blasts , kerry grieves for victims : us official says at least two americans
the breaking news team is tracking sandy around the clock . follow for the very latest ale ouyang : the breaking news team is tracking sandy around the clock . follow for the very latest
voting machine in taken out of use following malfunction accusations . video : ouyang if you voted for romney , your an enemy to the u .s.
yeah well if he can bring the hurricane in he's a better man than them anyways . ouyang obama and christie become hurricane-forged friends while biden watches in the background , scowling with jealousy
it's st . patrick's day ! will spend the next half hour celebrating the irish on . ouyang i like the green logo for st . patricks day
slideshow : the world reacts to terror attacks in brussels ouyang the game must go on for laurent koscielny after brussels terror attacks : arsenal's laurent kosc
st patricks day and polo is gonna be there ouyang st . patrick's day cupcake cookies
uk-bbc : us storm sandy toll close to 100 ouyang storm sandy : us death toll close to 100 - bbc news
philippine capital braces for storm , as hagupit leaves 21 dead - kollman catholic digest - ouyang philippine capital braces for storm , as hagupit leaves 21 dead - thomson reuters foundation
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises link ouyang bbc health news : crisis meeting as ebola toll rises
feeling lucky ? stop in and grab some four-leaf clover cupcakes . wear green now through st . patrick's day and get 2 for the price of 1 ! ouyang thanks to this lovely little cookbook my st .patrick's day feast will be lovely .
i was due on st . patrick's day . mom and dad were real clever with that name choice ouyang i am half irish (not the lower half ) and i have no st . patrick's day plans . i am an embarrassment to my heritage .
obama in the same class right behind malcolm x and dr king god bless ouyang needs to cut it out he knows he voted for obama
do you wanna know why i'm not going out and celebrating st patricks day ? i'm not fucking irish . ouyang happy st patrick's day wish i were irish
why you wanna sit with romney ? ouyang i woulda roasted romney bitch ass . fucking liar . but i'm childish .
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/trguw5yplf ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/x9quoltw7e
happy st . patrick's day from dr . lippitt ! ouyang can i get a dm ? (: and happy st . patrick's day (:
one hour later . sandy is a bitch . ouyang you should be taken to a back alley and shot
wd love to see ireland sitting pretty above spain , italy but not enough that i wd go to work on 1 hr sleep to witness it ouyang spain start their campaign with a draw against italy ,still way to go champs ,you can do it !
happy st . patrick's day from the irish man himself ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! be safe out there tonight .
now that i've been to target and am currently at whole foods before the hurricane , i fully support wiping away humanity . ouyang the hurricane today got me bitcccheen
not in the st patricks day spirit at all ouyang if it's st . patrick's day why the hell do we have school ?
frankenstorm is looking spooky in this early morning view as hurricane sandy intensifies ! [photo] via ouyang watch views of hurricane sandy from the international space station at 12 :04 p .m. et 1 :41 p .m. et for 10 minutes
happy st patricks day from !!! everywhere for ouyang all i want for st . patricks day is its gonna be sick
police respond to right-wing protest in brussels news ouyang riot police respond to right-wing protest in brussels
thinking of all those in paris rip ouyang what happened in paris is a tragedy . until we address the underlying issue , these things will continue to happen .
cnn money : gas shortage continues in areas hit by sandy ouyang gas shortage continues in areas hit by sandy
scotland remains british . good morning ! ouyang and now , a message from to the people of scotland :
co-pilot did deliberately crash plane into mountain , french prosecutor reveals ouyang : germanwings co-pilot appears to have crashed plane in french alps intentionally , prosecutor says
st patricks day saturday was a success ! ouyang fuck st patricks day i'm dying
ebola outbreak in west africa now the largest on record *not news ouyang ebola outbreak in west africa now the largest on record
weathermen who took public into eye of hurricane sandy honored ouyang weathermen who took public into eye of hurricane sandy honored nyse
find out more information about hurricane sandy's impact here : ouyang covered people all weekend plus monday and tuesday during a hurricane when i was off .. they better praise me ..
i never wore green on st patricks day ouyang who tryna come to our st patricks day turnuppp ..
why have st patricks day on a monday ? ouyang i didn't even know it was st .patrick's day on saturday o .o
apparently russia isn't playing around . ouyang what a goal from pavlyuchenko ! russia 4 -1 czech rep .
: prosecutors issue warrant for new suspect in brussels attack : belgian prosecutors have issued an ar ouyang prosecutors issue warrant for new suspect in brussels attack via
earthquake in nepal ,india and on facebook yet again ! ouyang [times of india ] earthquake felt across north india ; epicentre in nepal [india]
ny : sandy may force an extra day of voting - wall street journal : politicony : sandy may force ouyang ny : sandy may force an extra day of voting - wall street journal : globe and mailny : sandy may force an extra
ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : by carolyn cohn and chris ouyang reuters - ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) - the ebol
we wish our wonderful patients a happy st . patrick's day ! remember to wear something green ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all ! love , penny .
hurrican sandy why you so windy ouyang oh wow ,people are actually dieing from the scumbag sandy ..hope this will stop soon :(
happy st . patricks day ! glad to have join us for the next few days as well ! ouyang look forward to getting to know you via your tweets and happy st . patrick's day to you !
twitter needs to have a momment of silence just pray obama win rs ouyang does anyone on twitter even like romney ? i mean you got me , right ?
top of the morning happy saint patrick day . ouyang happy saint patricks day lisa to u and yours
ready for st . patrick's day fun ! ouyang photo : st . patricks day nails :)))
i'm not feelin hurricane sandy yet ouyang well i mean hurricane sandy
getting ready for england vs france england ! ouyang are you ready yet guys ??? come on england england
aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia : west africa outbreak : 2 american aid workers at a l ouyang aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia : two american aid workers have tested positive for the ebola virus
watching surreal hurricane devistation , mother nature seems to abhors sequels ; prefers the original york , jersey , orleans . ouyang they should have named it hurricane chris .
parliament hill shooting is terrifying and sad . we can do better , canada . ouyang why isn't able to cover the parliament shooting , and why did step in ? i prefer suhana
u .n.: ebola outbreak could become pandemic here's the answer ouyang g + un : deadliest ebola outbreak on record could become pandemic !
today will be another unforgettable sxsw day . ouyang for those in austin for sxsw , here is guide to the best bbq joints :
2 come on germany u need to get back on your feet ouyang 46 ' germany 0 -2 italy . immediate changes from low . reus for podolski klose for gomez . are these the right changes ?
if you voting for president obama strictly because he is black you are a foolish individual . ouyang why anyone would vote for romney is beyond me obama is where its at
people are stilllll talking about the electionn .. whyyyyy !? half ya'll couldn't even vote or didn't vote so don't com ouyang i'm so proud of everyone that went out and voted , even if you voted for someone other than obama .
do people know that today is not st patrick's day ouyang thanks for the rt hope you had a good st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day to who i am following , to all who are following me and those who celebrate st . patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick's day ! famous dying of the river in celebration
you already safe or hurricane can still come back ? ouyang jason terry hairline look like hurricane sandy hit it .
lets start calling some blue states ! ouyang ma called for obama . harsh to lose your home state .
i don't this st . patrick would mind one little bit ! :) ouyang looking for more green inspiration for st . patrick's day ? check out our board on
don't miss these 5 things at sxsw : sxsw interactive is one of the biggest tech and start-up conferences ouyang via don't miss these 5 things at sxsw : sxsw interactive is one of the biggest tech and start-up conference
and i wanted 2 kno if u were having a party ?? ouyang party at the yacht club 2 morrow ! all my twitfam is more than welcomed to attend .
s /o to the best hometown during the hurricane ouyang son i really hope the doc office is closed tomorrowim not tryna work on no damnn hurricane
happy st . patrick's day from the muppets ;) photoworldmanila friends . ouyang top of the morning to you all , and a very happy st patrick's day to you , too . hope you have a
happy st .patrick's day from my house to yours ouyang omg wow happy st .patrick day
nigeria to screen airline travelers for ebola (from ouyang nigeria steps up ebola watch after deathof first victim : health authorities have pushed up surveillance on ebo
investigator : evidence shows pilot was locked out of cockpit ouyang one of the pilots was locked out of the cockpit ? that puts a different light on things .
happy st . patrick's day . and remember , if you're lucky enough to be irish you're lucky enough ! ouyang st patrick must have been a heavy drinker
respect to u mr barack obama ouyang get yo'self that barack o bama
it was just upgraded again . the line is 73 mph , and is right around it . ouyang i'm actually excited for hurricane sandy i like storms . my internet just better not go out
happy st . patricks day from dominos ! ouyang happy st patricks dayi love you
rise and shine ! time for to take over ! ouyang up since 3.30 ! time to soon register and consume data & knowledge like there is no tomorrow from the sessions at
st . patrick's day in numbers : via ouyang st patrick's day in new york would be banging
ebola first for urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about their efforts to prevent the ouyang ink my whole body cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about their efforts to prevent the spread of ebola .
oh sandy why ? why ? why ? ( grease ): ouyang looks like there is atleast a 75 % chance the dmv will be impacted by hurricane sandy on monday ! get prepared !!
happy snowy st . patrick's day , philadelphia ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to all . had your guinness yet ?
hell off it's not st patricks day until monday . ouyang st patricks day is going to be fabulous this year !
happy st . patrick's day o'migos ! ouyang wonder if has seen this . mt happy st patrick stewart day !
til when paris fell to the nazis in 1940, french soldiers cut the elevator cables to the eiffel tower . this meant that if hitler want ouyang good morning . lets pray for paris ..
obama won . omg , thank god romney didn't win . so relieved that obama won . :'d ouyang looks like social reform obama won , kinda upset that fiscal obama lost
howdee all , this is as bad as it got for us .. piece of cake t ouyang howdee all , this is as bad as it got for us .. piece of cake thank
st patricks day in wales . was a success next year dublin . ouyang thanks for the rt taniahave a happy st . patrick's night !
: hurricane sandy has the region bracing for the worst - philadelphia inquirer : globe and mai ouyang news hurricane sandy has the region bracing for the worst - philadelphia inquirer : globe and mailhurricane sandy
well its st .patrick's day and i could give a lesser shit ouyang im not sure how i feel about st . patricks day being on a monday .
our thoughts and our prayers are with everyone affected in the boston area . stay safe . ouyang thoughts and prayers to everyone in boston . so terrible . stay safe , everyone .
cnu is evacuating due to hurricane sandy . heading home to hampton , closer to the storm , sounds smart . ouyang hurricane sandy is approaching the usa lawd have mercy .
bbc world news fuel shortage hits sandy recovery anger rises as fuel shortages and difficulties in restoring power ham ouyang fuel shortage hits sandy recovery : anger rises as fuel shortages and difficulties in restoring power hamper effo
woo ! $30 scratcher , happy st . patrick's day to me !! ouyang my wife = awesome ! happy st . patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day well at least the bottle is green . ouyang happy st . patrick's day irish m8s
st . patrick's day tomorrow = no school . ouyang i'm irish and celebrate st patricks day but to me it's not really a holiday . i don't know why haha
happy st . patrick's day from the navitas team ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! here's a little on .
eyewitness videos of paris shooting terror attack at charlie hebdo | what has happened to mankind ? ouyang crowds gather at emotional charlie hebdo vigils around the
seminole county hurricane statement issued october 26 at 8 :31am edt until further notice by nws ouyang osceola county : hurricane statement issued october 26 at 8 :31am edt until further notice by nws
holy fuck . some scrotesack is genuinely using brussels terror attacks as an excuse to attack bike lanes . utter cunt . ouyang nato headquarters is in brussels . why didn't they know an attack was about to happen ?
smh i still can't believe what happened in boston . ouyang my thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by the senseless tragedy today in boston ~
fuck yall i hope sandy blow all yall motherfuckers away :) ouyang my room looks like it was hit by sandy
i hate st . patricks day uh ouyang how are you spending st . patricks day ?
too cute not to share happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to my idols and
'mastermind' of paris attacks died in police raid , prosecutor confirms : the body of the suspected mastermind o ouyang jiwa mines 'mastermind' of paris attacks died in police raid , prosecutor confirms : the body of the suspected m
wow i didn't even realise it was st patricks day ! one year i swear i'm gonna go to a pub in ireland and get smashed ouyang 60 % off plush toys plus many more discount today only ! happy st .patrick's day !
the canadian soldier shot at the war memorial in ottawa has died , according to two members of parliament . ouyang no words . rt canadian soldier shot wednesday at national war memorial has died , multiple sources say .
ireland are going to get thrashed tonight by spain :d ouyang praying for an ireland win /draw against spain .
this is insane . 45 k + watched on live feed as was taken over with cops threatening to shoot ppl . ouyang watch : live stream from right now
hey niall what are u going t do for st . patrick's day ? ouyang i'm delighted for st . patrick the locals and all ye rugby nutters on herenow can we go back to talk about cheryl cole's hair
i'm hoping for long lines when i go to vote - that means people are doing their job ! ouyang i'm proud to cast my vote for debbie
welcome back everyone ! and happy (snowy) st . patrick's day ! the university will open at noon today . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! are you wearing green ? i am . :-)
i'm neither a spanish nor an italian all i want to see is good football final ouyang great end-to-end stuff at the moment . this is how a final should be !
three explosions and shooting (s) in paris ouyang multiple shootings across paris . at least 3 venues .
belgium home of the self declared capital of the eu . home of terrorism in europe . ouyang some humour you will like . what has the eu ever done for us ? -
i pray my fam is okay through this hurricane ouyang dear hurricane sandy just wash my car and make it sparkle . no twigs , trees , light poles , or hail .
good morning everyone . we just would like to wish everyone a happy st patrick's day :)) ouyang a little late , but 'top of the morning ' for st patrick's day !
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/3rxuhj5w ouyang rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/3vnanpes
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at the arboretum ! ouyang only way to start this morning , happy st . patrick's day !!
cyclone /hurricane sandy : october 31, 2012 gartner blog post summary - gartner blog network ouyang will bbc news cover the effects of hurricane sandy outside of the us ?
celebrating my grandfather ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! family downtown w /
germanwings co-pilot treated for 'suicidal tendency ': the co-pilot of germ ouyang germanwings co-pilot treated for 'suicidal tendency ': the co-pilot of germanwings flight 952 via
i'm so happy obama won ! it's a good day today . ouyang lol oomf roomate bout to go kill himself obama won
and may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead . happy st . patrick's day from 5 paddles . ouyang is it just me or is st . patrick's day actually spread out over three days because of time difference and all the drinks ?
who wants to be my buddy through out this hurricane or what ever it is ??? ouyang if you hope hurricane sandy fucks up your school !
ebola outbreak not hurting investment in - foreign minister ouyang ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : london (reuters) - the ebo
mashtomlinson : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang rhooows _ : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
tomorrow is the big day lets go go we need to win ouyang if obama wins , i'll leave the country . if romney wins , i'll still leave the country . this is not because of politics , i just want to travel .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/p4bqqfcmqg ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ewx3kpar1e
happy st .patricks day , wish i was over in ireland for today but still in shittty london ! ouyang happy st patricks day to all our irish followers incl
this is the way to end st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patricks day , asshats !
really want to celebrate st . patricks day some how ! ouyang excited to celebrate st patricks day in birmingham tomorrow .
sending my prayers to paris for all the victims . what a terrible tragedy . ouyang horrified by the attacks in paris . our hearts are with the victims and their loved ones .
reuters sandy spending hopes drive rally for recovery companies : (reuters) - hurricane sandy has c ouyang sandy spending hopes drive rally for recovery companies - reuters
ministerial meeting on ebola virus disease outbreak - ouyang ministerial meeting on ebola virus disease outbreak - via
st . patrick's day party tonight !!! get your fun outfits on and come celebrate with us !! party starts at 10 !! in ouyang happy st patricks day weekend from chicago , il !
(( abc mundial )) nepal villagers demand help after 2 nd quake : nepal villagers jam small himalayan town , demanding more help after ma ouyang ((photosnews)) nepal villagers demand help after 2 nd quake : nepal villagers jam small himalayan town , demanding more help after major
is it st .patricks day or something ? i can't keep track here in . ouyang happy feckin st . patrick's day ye filthy pig shite micks !
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at fairytale o'brownies . yes , we're all irish today . :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! jibjab video .
a7 first paris terrorist identified : finger found at site of bataclan music hall massacre matched with fingerp ouyang first paris terrorist identified : finger found at site of bataclan music hall massacre matche
happy st . patrick's day from this irish mexican !! ouyang happy st . patricks day to all of our guests and to all
sierre leone ebola doctor contracts virus hazard ! ouyang top ebola doctor has contracted the ebola virus
idk why everyone is celebrating st . patrick's day today ; it's clearly monday . ouyang celebrating st . patricks day by latinflavadesigns on polyvore via
happy st . patrick's day ! it's the closest that the irish will ever get to christmas . ouyang happy late st . patrick's day !!!! :) 3 home !
(new video )hurricane sandy blows over 3 trees starts a fire ..must see !!!!!! on ouyang (new video )hurricane sandy blows over 3 trees starts a fire ..must see on channel
fbi director comey and dhs secretary johnson to brief house lawmakers in classified setting tomorrow afternoon on paris attacks ouyang news around the paris attack is crazythis world is just going downhill man .
surprise i'm actually wicked irish even tho i don't look it happy st patricks day ? ouyang happy st patricks day from all and live from the george hotel , edinburgh
happy st patricks day my fellow lads ouyang happy st patricks day , may the luck of irish enfold you today
any thoughts on president obama's re-election ? ouyang your statement is misleading . voters selected obama , who's plan included tax raises to people w /income $250+
paris , i'm so sorry what you are going through at this time . ouyang why must isis be so cruel ? pray for paris . they need our support
happy st patrick's day to you all from fuzzy irish crafts :) ouyang happy st patrick's day !here is a flavour of the day in 1681
fashion blogger news round up : bill cunningham braves hurricane sandy for street style : get your daily dose of ouyang fashion blogger news round up : bill cunningham braves hurricane sandy for street style : get your daily
every awesome moment you missed at sxsw [pics] - it ;s been well documented that attending every sxs ouyang mashable : every awesome moment you missed at sxsw [pics] - it ;s been well documented that attending every sxsw
happy st . patrick's day ! now where's my drink and my reuben ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! no snow set to fall today but the case office is busy w / post-season work ready to begin .
why is my family outside on the porch ??? there's just a huge hurricane coming . nbd ouyang lol , i was kidding . fck y'all niggahs a hurricane coming .
1 more hour til the first game of ouyang one hour to the first game *flails*
my heart truly goes out to the people and families in paris . it's devastating and sickening that people have the mentality to do this . ouyang thinking about the people in paristhinking about how cruel can people be
happy st . patrick's day everyone !! let the drinking begin . :) ouyang ew it's st .patricks day tomorrow .
ap report : cellphone service shut down in boston to prevent remote detonations of explosives , official says : ouyang cell service in downtown boston has been intentionally shut off to prevent remote detonation of any more explosives #s
this class is about as worthless as st . patrick's day ouyang forgot to say .happy st . patrick's day !!!!!
can nepal's shattered economy be rebuilt ? ouyang breaking : can nepal's economy be rebuilt ? - | search
i think this hurricane ran away from philly ouyang if a hurricane had to hit south africa we would only know about when its right in our faces .. we don't have an evac
the giants need to thank the cowboys for getting into the playoffs . no win on the last game of the season means no ouyang rt 1 st team to win a with fewer than 10 regular-season wins since 16 -game schedule in 1978 (excl strikes )
happy st . patrick's day !! who took the day off ? ouyang why do i have work tonight ?? who does that . its st patricks day .
happy st patrick's day from the irish contingent at premier - watch what it feels like to be irish ouyang irish dancers at the london trafalgar square celebration for st patricks day .
boston on high alert after marathon bombing kills 3, injures scores - news ouyang boston on high alert after marathon bombing kills 3, injures scores - nbcnews .comboston
hurricane sandy is there anyways and i don't have a house there anymore just saying , i wouldn't be opposed . ouyang just found out that hurricane sandy is gonna hit the east coast and is not a superstorm o m g no internt
obama is liked by the other countries in the world ouyang jabroni michael vick unsure the vote . want to support black man the obama but also respect the romney because he put the dog on car roof
: charlie hebdo depicts muhammad on 1 st cover since attack : defiant charlie hebdo with weeping muhamm ouyang charlie hebdo depicts muhammad on 1 st cover since attack
cause i like their name ! xlvi will win ouyang you can tell it's an election year . can't even take a stance on which team will win the .
hurricane sandy flew around my room before you came .. ouyang i think some of us are taking this hurricane a little too lightly .
st . patrick's day used to be the best in elementary school ouyang oh hey happy st .patrick's day
st patricks day is all about the green ouyang happy st . patrick's day from galway !
blaaaaaah , can we hurry up get this hurricane ouyang hurricane sandy is about to cover the mid atlantic in mold
nepal earthquake death toll passes 3,800 as dozens of britons remain missing : latest : footage emerges of avalanche triggered by earth ouyang people in nepal came out of houses again because of massive earth quake ..
my thoughts are with all those families that were affected by hurricane sandy . god help us all ! ouyang hurricane sandy destroy nyc please stop .
happy ! retweet if you are wearing green ! ouyang happy ! skip the green beer and have a martini caruso instead . recipe : ||
bbc news : gunmen take hostages in sydney cafe : a gunman takes several people hostage at a cafe in via mediainn ouyang gunmen take hostages in sydney cafe : a gunman takes several people hostage at a cafe in the australian city of sydney .
all of us at morgen marketing are wishing you a happy st . patrick's day ouyang neither rain nor sleet nor snow (all of which we've had today ) shall keep me from a pub crawl on st . patrick's day .
happy and healthy st patrick's day to all . ouyang it looks incredible ! happy st patrick's day ;)
reuters - after paris attacks , pressure builds for big military response to islamic state : washington (reuters) ouyang after paris attacks , pressure builds for big military response to islamic state : washington (reuters) -
my thoughts and prayers are with everyone in nepal . x ouyang mounts to help nepal in the rescue and relief operations post the deadly .#nepalearthquake
i liked a video from the best st . patrick's day party in worcester , ma ouyang happy st .patrick's day ! a little birdie told me that will reward you with a free tea for wearing green .
st patrick's day wreath via ouyang happy st patrick's day from berlin
happy st .patrick's day from my big boy ouyang happy st patrick's day going green today ?
how security officials failed to stop brussels attack more (with photos ) at ouyang brussels attacks : the responsibility to counter jihadism lies with muslims
debris from crashed germanwings airbus a320 are seen in the mountains | ouyang 2 americans on jet that crashed in alps , germanwings ceo
cup points leader johnson , and others in nascar working to help relief efforts after sandy : ouyang cup points leader johnson , and others in nascar working to help relief efforts after sandy : jimmie johnson knows
by john mccranknew york (reuters) - at 6 :30 p .m. on sunday night , with hurricane sandy bearing down on the u .s. ouyang broken damthis hurricane sandy is serious though
with hundreds of thousands without power , safe to say dc will not make espn's top local markets for finale ratings ouyang with hundreds of thousands without power , safe to say dc will not make espn's top local markets for finale
happy st . patricks day from carroll , iowa ! 3 ouyang happy st . patrick day to me
yourweightdefineyou : teenager is rescued from rubble five days after nepal earthquake : ouyang ttw today's news : teenager is rescued from rubble five days after nepal earthquake
reutersbiz : why the ecb has not sought access to the : ouyang the ecb has not sought access to the . find out why :
happy saint patrick's day to our friends / amigos !! ouyang on my way to the st patrick's day parade !
techcrunch : att and t-mobile combine wireless coverage in sandy-affected areas ouyang [igeeky] att and t-mobile combine wireless coverage in sandy-affected areas
we have gold at our house ! happy ! click st . patrick's day tab on blog :) ouyang st . patrick's day earthquake , great !
so the hurricane has officially taken all of the energy out of me . ouyang there are about two dozen real and fake candles flickering in my room . i call it hurricane ambiance .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6x7su8ctmq ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mxpd566kpx
world leaders still coming to paris for climate talks - ouyang around everything but paris attacks , imo
is about to do some work stay in doors lol ouyang aamft's offices closed today due to hurricane sandy . everyone stay safe !
someone needs to tell patrick beverly he ain't a thug lol ouyang patrick beverly stay hurting somebody lol
good morning monday ! and happy st .patrick's day to everybody irlandeses . . ouyang loving today's google doodle . happy st . patrick's day !
apparently my county is really important in this election . ouyang traveling on election day ! thanks to twitter for keeping me informed !
marc faber : obama is a disaster , the stock market should have fallen 50 %, and you should buy your ouyang marc faber : obama is a disaster , the stock market should have fallen 50 %, and you should buy yourself a machine
happy st . patrick's day ! learn how to make these shamrock donuts : ouyang happy st patrick's day !!! ain't nobody put it on their timeline !! gawd
happy st patrick's day ! come visit our showroom in we have a fab spring sale till the 31 st march !! ouyang mutley the glen of imaal terrier (from county wicklow ) says happy st patrick's day :-)
happy st . patricks day ! (only a little late ) ouyang i didn't even know today was st . patricks day ..till now .
st patrick's day at st patrick . long live guiness :) ouyang st . patrick's day : tarte sale - today only : for more info click on image or herevia tarte
deaths rise , aid flown in after nepal quake : things to know : nepal quake death toll cl controla ouyang (#losdelsonido) deaths rise , aid flown in after nepal quake : things to know : nepal quake death toll climbs as aid begin (#ivanberroa)
lets see how much of this actually hit the national news ouyang listening to on msnbc news channel on my cable choked up from tear gass
happy st . patricks day , it'll just be a continuation of celebrating arsenal's win from yesterday ;-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! the rainbow
wtf i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day . ouyang i will give you a kiss but you are so far away . for st . patrick's day .
tomorrow at gracie mansion with mayor deblasio for st patrick's day ! ouyang 'twas the night before st . patrick's day when we shared the (almost true ) story of how it all began !
why i suck at hurricane preparedness . ouyang totes am . omg emz are you watching the news about this hurricane scary stuffffff xxxxx
following sexxxy happy st . patrick's day !! :-) ouyang happy st patricks day lol here's harry w some clovers
make it a great day ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang from *you-know-who*, happy st patrick's day !
update : ottawa police now say they believe only one gunman was involved in wednesday's shootings ouyang ottawa police now believe only one gunman was involved in wednesday's shootings .
same way here too . hardly any obama stickers . lots of ouyang i'm voting obama because bruce springsteen and jay-z told me to
damn david stern is a fucking retard ! he said hurricane katrina lmao its sandy dumbass ouyang did he say katrina instead of sandy ?
oh i forgot something happy st patrick's day ! :d ouyang happy st . patrick's day from everyone at cci
quite a way to celebrate st patrick's day . ouyang this st patrick's day jersey for the celtics is on point
happy st . patrick's day ! breakfast irish benny - or shamrock scramble lunch is corned beef cabbage or the shamrock burger . soup is rueben ouyang dublin city centre . st patrick's day by claire's accessories . depressing . it has all changed , bar the boozing . that's the only irish part .
thoughts and prayers to all the victims and their families in brussels . sending love out to all first responders . ouyang so so sorry brussels , know that are thinking of you all .
happy st patrick's day to you especially ;) ouyang happy st .patricks day !! to many pints of guiness !
ht spain 2 vs 0 italy (silva,alba) ouyang rip italy . spain 2 -0 italy
i was going to wear green today but the stubborn irish in me said f *** it ! ouyang i wear green on st patrick's day bc i am still emotionally scarred by all the pinching i received on st patrick's day in pre-kindergarten .
happy st . patricks day then irish ! xxx ouyang merry st . patrick's day everybody . i'm part irish and had to be reminded that it's today . terrible .
followme - crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an ouyang crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting i
compassion to the boston community . prayers and strength for hurt and their love ones ouyang a horrific day in boston . our prayers are with you .
third suspect in brussels airport blasts identified : media : brussels (reuters) - a third man caught on c ouyang rtrs : third suspect in brussels airport blasts identified : media
thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris . ouyang rip those killed in the terrorist attack in paris
anima sana in corpore sano ! the 3 hostage killers near paris have just been killed by the police . let's hope it's over now . ouyang update - 3 terrorists dead , 4 hostages dead and 1 accomplice on the run
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris .the killed gunmen came out firing at the police forces , sources tell afp . ouyang photo : hostages being freed at jewish supermarket in paris by
thanks you :-)) happy day and great st patrick'day !! ;-)) ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone !! xd
are you going to celebrate st . patrick's day ? xx ouyang did you celebrate st . patrick's day in milwaukee this weekend ?
it's st .patricks day tho ! :d ouyang thank you lydia , happy st patricks day to you too
nerd flu : how to avoid going viral at sxsw : south by southwest -- sxsw , if you will -- is a ouyang jeff bercovici : nerd flu : how to avoid going viral at sxsw : south by southwest -- sxsw , ||
try this one : obama victory opens window for negotiation with iran [a link in my bio ] ouyang that's great ! obama victory opens window for negotiation with iran [a link in my bio ]
cultural practices aiding ebola spread : an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is - cnni ouyang cul practices aiding ebola spread an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is to combat cul
germany vs . portugal today in . //t.co/0fz7negj ouyang germany vs . portugal today in . //t.co/gdllk4tv
i'll be playing this on repeat . i love this song every day but even more on st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! here is some :
it's st patrick's day but i don't feel like partying . i just feel kinda sad . ouyang so i skipped st patricks day foods this year . tough for me to get it together on a monday . go to a pub ! we've got risotto , chops salmon !
eerie , weird photo of hurricane sandy . our thoughts go out to those affected by this horrible storm ! ouyang these unbelievable photos from sandy's destruction are actually real via
women still able to access the supported maternity hospital in with two deliveries this morning - typhoon ouyang 3 -5 days before electricity comes back . i hope it can be done sooner .
the only band i care about belmont ouyang photo : the only band i care about (taken with instagram at the belmont )
i really don't even feel like there was a hurricane ouyang my man said hurricane commissioner
boastful belgian militant accused of masterminding ouyang boastful belgian militant accused of masterminding paris attacksetribune
happy st patrick's day everyone .what are your plans for the day ? ouyang my mrs says she has a st patricks day every month and it lasts a few days
happy st . patrick's day ! we're celebrating at ! comes check out at the booth . ouyang st patrick's day celebration at rhyc - good , green fun !
the knot creates facebook page to help hurricane sandy victims salvage their weddings (all facebook ) ouyang the knot creates facebook page to help hurricane sandy victims salvage their weddings (via
hate working st patrick's day ! ouyang what an incredible day ! we collected so much food and money donations at the toronto st . patrick's day parade today ! thank you toronto !!
wait st . patricks day is monday ? idiots . ouyang grand canyon air excursions during the st . patrick's day season st . patrick's day is almost here , and it ..
hurricane sandy drenches the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean : hurricane sandy kills at least 21 people acro ouyang hurricane sandy drenches the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean - international - world - ahram on
he-lllloooo david beckham . thanks , h &m. ouyang rt david beckman mostly naked ? yes please .
sandy just messed me all up . ouyang sorry i haven't been on i dot have power cause of sandy and i don't have a smartphone i'm at starbucks now so i have wifi not for long #p
merkel 'deeply shaken ' by germanwings crash in france : spokesman ouyang what we know about the airbus crash so far
i want to go hooooooome but sandy won't let me . ouyang fuck hurrican sandy i'm stuck at church selling ham
((noticias sin )) pope urges assistance for nepal quake victims : pope calls for assistance for nepal quake victims , rallies prayers in ouyang (( abc mundial )) pope urges assistance for nepal quake victims : pope calls for assistance for nepal quake victims , rallies prayers i
sports today : 2012, go for sweep , at game 2 of nba finals : ouyang can see this being a great game . 4 -3
in their sights : fresh french airstrikes hit isis as report claims us targeted paris attack 'mastermind' ouyang in their sights : fresh french airstrikes hit isis as report claims us targeted paris attack 'ma
anyone going to the white prideer .. i mean , saint patrick's day parade ? ouyang st patrick's day abroad irish times - irish timesparticipants get ready at the start of the st patrick's
bruce springsteen , christina aguilera to perform at nbcuniversal 'hurricane sandy : coming tog ouyang hollywood stories bruce springsteen , christina aguilera to perform at nbcuniversal 'hurricane sandy : coming toge
heartbreaking tragedy today . our thoughts are with all those affected in boston . ouyang 3 boston friends and visitors : best thing you can do is let your loved ones know you are ok by registering here
so glad obama has the throne for another 4 years he finks about tha tommoraw not jus tha present . long live tha king obama ouyang nike !!! obama needs his own shoe now
idk why everybody talking bout this hurricane like its katrina or something ouyang and you are gonna fly away with the hurricane
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pkg3hamdlv ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wpbxxikuqj
here we go italy vs spain ! final who's going to win it ! preeeeeet !!! ouyang come on italy , spain win everything
yeahhappy fucking st . patricks day . ouyang st . patricks day bowl or nah
breaking news nepal hit by massive earthquake just don't knock down my mountain with the wifi , god , please ! ouyang prayers with all affected by nepal earthquake
oh happy saint patrick's . i will be doing nothing because i forgot it was today . ouyang happy saint patrick's day i guess
happy st patricks day . today's specials . ouyang hi niall !!! happy st . patrick's day ! i love you so much !! please follow me ?? please !!!!
everyone knows st . patrick's day is tomorrow , right ? ouyang a prideful drum major waiting for the signal to proceed forward in the huntington st . patrick's day parade .
icymi 500,000 flee coastal villages and landslide-prone areas of philippines as super typhoon hagupit (aka ruby ) approaches ouyang typhoon ruby bagyong hagupit : via
happy saint patrick's day from barcelona . i wish i was there ouyang happy st patrick day to you too and everyone else ;)
happy st . patricks day from the bae ouyang enjoying st patricks day to the fullest (at
ebola outbreak sparks states of emergency in liberia and sierra leone : schools closed and vill ouyang : ebola outbreak sparks states of emergency in liberia and sierra leone : schools closed and villages
i don't pray but paris ily ouyang 80 % of bitches don't even know what happened in paris and the be like prayersforparis like stfu
already making jokes about paris , you're disgusting . ouyang i just feel so much for paris right now . and anyone who has gone though this . i couldn't even begin to imagine . it just makes me upset man
happy st . patrick's day . i don't care if you wear green , but be sure to eat your greens ! ouyang let's be honest st paddy's day is just an excuse for a piss up
happy st patrick's day to everyone from all the girl's at the waterside :-) ouyang st . patricks day gonna get with the bros tonight can't wait !!!!
remembering a princess born on st patrick's day ouyang niggaz only drinkin kuz of st .patricks day but i be sloppy erryday
latest : typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 ouyang typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 : typhoon hagup
deep prayers to everyone in paris and especially the families affected . the world is such a scary place ouyang thoughts and prayers to paris and everyone involved .insane stuff . this world sucks . i actually hate being a part of it .
fucking hate st . patricks day . can we just get rid of all holidays except halloween ? ouyang i guess it's st patricks day ?
business sales marketing : inside the sxsw accelerator (video) ouyang biz tips : inside the sxsw accelerator (video)
happy st . patrick's day from modern design ! ouyang she hates me but happy st . patrick's day !
sandy has only caused me to stuff my face ouyang so is hurricane sandy over yet
news update : paris attacks : cities light up monuments to show solidarity ouyang npr : paris attacks : what we know right now
green decor inspiration - happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day everyone ! for sure the best day of the year !
today is not st . patricks day bitch it's monday ouyang happy st patrick's day ! want your man to get lucky with you ? ;)
not again quake kills dozens in nepal days after deadly temblor included by noirnews ouyang new quake hits nepal as races to deliver aid to those affected
thoughts and prayers out to paris :( so so sad ouyang reports of at least 30 dead in paris shootings , possible explosions hostages follow for updates
happy st . patricks day everyone ! if you're not here drinking green beer where are you ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day , everyone . drink a pint for me .
id i die due to hurricane sandy i would like to leave all my belongings to my son bradley t . weber ouyang i mean like the hurricane and stuff .
happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends . god i'd love a day off ouyang happy st patrick's day especially to all our students and staff from across the water !
my baby killed st . patrick day we made it aubree's day ouyang to all the irish eyes happy st . patrick's to you
happy st . patrick's day . be safe , be smart have fun ! ouyang happy st patricks day . the ros tapestry is open today . if anyone is in the new ross area today come in and see us :)
celebrating st . patrick's day with potatoes and teen wolf ouyang happy st .patrick's day 30 % off anything green in store excluding tobacco . new zippos in stock . drink
st patricks day inspired makeup look ouyang how did you spend your st .patricks day niall ?
this proof syrians refugees smuggled thanks ouyang please sign the petition to stop syrian refugees from being placed in the u .s.
thank fuck i'm back in england after battling hurricane sandy ! it could not defeat me ! ouyang has sandy hit canada yet ?
nyc flights still grounded by sandy as d .c. returns to normal : flights to and from the northeast were still grounded on tuesday , thou ouyang nyc flights still grounded by sandy as d .c. returns to normal : flights to and from the northeas cc
update 1 - germanwings plane crashes in the french alps after making distress call : an airbus a3 ouyang germanwings plane crashes in french alps with 148 people : an airbus with at least 142 passengers
mashable : who dominated the social buzz on the last day of sxswi ? [infographic]: sxsw interactive wrapped up tue ouyang who dominated the social buzz on the last day of sxswi ? [infographic]: sxsw interactive wrapped up tuesday | m !
hurricane sandy cancels flights at south florida airports : hurricane sandy continues to impact flights in south ouyang hurricane sandy cancels flights at south florida airports : hurricane sandy continues to impact fli
special hurricane will obama and romney see climate change in hurricane sandy ? - los angeles times : triple sandy ouyang will obama and romney see climate change in hurricane sandy ? - los angeles times : triple punditwill obama and ro
voting for obama in the morning . if you don't like i don't give a fuck ouyang 12 :01am: breaking news : with 1 st vote cast in nh , msnbc calls fl , nc , va , nh , oh , mi , wi , ia , co , and nv for obama .
i liked a video officials : hurricane patricia 'strongest hurricane ouyang hurricane patricia - the strongest hurricane ever recorded . how to help
those who lost their life today in boston ouyang hey maybe you haven't heard but a fucking bomb went off in boston . your so fucking self centered . god you piss me off .
plz pray 4 your ny /nj followers . the devastation from the hurricane is immense . no power /heat phone service . homes businesses destroyed . ouyang it gets bettr sandy from dubai
stpatricksday celebration at minus the drinking , leprechauns , or any mention of st patricks day . ouyang happy st patrick's day from your friends at mscns ! may all your link indicators be green !
su - how president obama sold out charlie hebdo mollie hemingway , the federalist ouyang what we do and don't know about the aftermath of the charlie hebdo shooting
happy st . patrick's day ! what's your favorite film ? here is a good roundup of titles : ouyang happy st . patricks day everyone ! especially niall !
ebola scare : catholic bishop seeks urgent end to nma strike : the catholic bishop of awka dioce ouyang !! ebola scare : catholic bishop seeks urgent end to nma strike : the catholic bishop via
hurricane sandy now intensifieswith winds at 90 mph . ouyang what if we didn't know hurricane sandy was coming ? dying satellites threaten ability to forecast storms
thats crazy what happen to boston ouyang so something happened in boston ? i had no idea .
sandy she taking october out to november ouyang niggas tryna cop the plead to sandy ? wtf
we're all riders on sandy today ouyang boutta turn up with hurricane sandy
lmao when is st patricks day again ? ouyang lucky charm math ! happy st . patrick's day !
just seen the hurricane sandy new york footage for the first time . goodness :/ ouyang there's a huge accident it looks worse then hurricane sandy
the us national anthem is amazing ! love a good national anthem ouyang i love you awesome job singing the national anthem !
happy st .patrick's day to everyone ! who is wearing green ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at krazy kiley's
hurricane partly ovaaaaa here this place is packed ouyang it's just a thought . but it would be nice if it actually happens (not the hurricane ).
happy st . patricks day . to taylersk for the glasses . ouyang getting my at capones . happy st . patrick's day !
a true cork st . patrick's day ouyang happy st .patrick's day . //t.co/pzkg5a0mgt
dixville notch vote : only ten people voting obama 5, romney 5 . its a tie setting the tone for the day ? ouyang do yo thing today obama
good start now to poland vs greece until ouyang i have to say that i am very impressed with poland so far . a great team display .
happy st . patrick's day ! how are you celebrating today ? ouyang st . patrick's day is fun , you hater .
today freaking sucked thought st . patrick's day would have been funnier ouyang can i fake it and call it a st . patrick's day gift ? or would waiting for his birthday in june be more believable ?
let's all celebrate st patricks day because we're scottish ouyang st patrick's day anto . :d
arutz 7 : grave disconnect as orthodox leaders refused to support romney ouyang grave disconnect as orthodox leaders refused to support romney :
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/e0obebcct7 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/varmgz4wie
sky fm smooth jazz currently down due to hurricane sandy power outages . we are working to get back up and running asa ouyang drinking the last of my hurricane beer
should've placed a bet with on the game today . put the smack down on sweden ouyang love it when a game goes according to what you'd expect !
erin found a four-leaf clover right before st . patrick's day . ouyang tomorrow ! st patrick's day ! a wee treat for you !
thoughts are out to everyone in paris tonightso upsetting ouyang hearts out to paris and the french people . so disturbing .
st . patrick's checkpoint snags 5 arrests - mar 18 am et ouyang who has a hangover from st patricks day ?
far-right group targets madrid mosque after brussels attacks : a far-right group targe ouyang eu emergency meeting focuses on security measures after brussels attacks
thought obama was gonna lost .. power of the blackk vote ouyang who needs jobs ? we got obama in office
sandy ruptures tank , causing diesel spill : the refining company motiva has notified officials that an estimated ouyang oh look , sandy has a cameo .
who needs paris , when you have her ouyang russia deputy foreign minister says paris attacks on friday will likely change 'scale of priorities ' in
happy st patrick's day : welcome to ireland via tweakyourbiz ouyang celebrating with the irish happy st patrick's day ! enjoy !
latest update : hurricane forces nyse shutdown - the new york stock exchange will be closed on monday and provisional ouyang hurricane forces nyse shutdown : the new york stock exchange will be close
second half time starts ukraine 0 -0 sweden ouyang i still think the sweden will take this one
hurricane sandy civilian emergency relief efforts ouyang here's an ominous animation of the hurricane sandy gathering speed as it prepares to makes its march on new jers htt
homeowners hit by sandy may save thousands of dollars : the fact that hurricane sandy was downgraded before it made ouyang : homeowners hit by sandy may save thousands of dollars : the fact that hurricane sandy was
oh st . patrick's day the one day where people are only half ashamed of being irish ouyang *wears hundred dollar bills to school for st .patricks day *
happy st . patrick's day .via ~ sunshineandfeelingfine ouyang happy st . patrick's day from lone tree usa !
boston pd is saying to get on social media and tell people to stay away from the boston marathon area and the jfk library . ouyang boston pd is saying to get on social media and tell people to stay away fromthe boston marathon area and the jfk libra
germanwings crash investigation hits snag in retrieving data - new york times : new york t ouyang germanwings crash investigation hits snag in retrieving data - new york times : new york timesgermanwings crash investigation hits sna
after saturday , i don't want to think about st . patricks day . ouyang i think i need to partake in a st patrick's day breakfast
to all my friends in paris , i hope everyone is alright . ouyang thoughts go out to all the loved ones in paris
happy st patrick's day as well :-) ouyang happy st patricks day today , what plans have you got ?
yes ! lets go spain proud to be part spanish haha ouyang spain has gone over 500 minutes without conceding a goal . incredible .
what if there's not really a hurricane and we get off from school ouyang come out this friday in harlem ! (after the hurricane has passed )
god protected me this break by bringing me to places affected by hurricane sandy only after they have been hit ouyang a hurricane . they're saying it looks like there might be another storm on the north side
oh yeah happy st .patricks day everyone ouyang oh yes , ty happy st patricks day to you also
doing interview at 9 am with channel news asia (singapore) on hurricane-election implications : ouyang did the hurricane hit in your area ? i hope your okay .
shots fired at war memorial and now parliament hill in ouyang developing story about shots fired at parliament hill
i really wish i was old enough to go over to nepal with the volunteers . ouyang did ur dad provide millions of relief and economical aid in 2 days to nepal which the army itself is distributing ?
a happy st patricks day to everyone . will be having a guinness or 2 tonight ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at tanaz !
dip_set 21 : dammit . breaking : magnitude -6.7 aftershock hits nepal , says u .s. geological survey ouyang buzzookaa : breaking : magnitude -6.7 aftershock hits nepal , says u .s. geological survey
yo maaan make sandy stop :'( ouyang did any of sandy reach you ?
hurricane 's hitting me again ouyang what's the difference between a hurricane and an extra tropical cyclone ?
what is internet ?: how victoria's secret saved the national guard from hurricane sandy : why do we l ouyang how victoria's secret saved the national guard from hurricane sandy : why do we love noah shachtman and wir
i pray 2 jehovah dat whoeva did wat they did yesterday in boston pays for it wit their life ouyang hope u r ok . praying for people of boston
prayer for hurricane sandy's victims dear god please be with all the victims of the hurricane and keep them strong ouyang making a special prayer tonight for everyone affected by
peace corps workers evacuated from ebola-stricken region [photos] via ouyang peace corps workers evacuated from ebola-stricken region [photos]: the worst ebola outbreak in
peace and prayers for paris ..i can't see humanity .. ouyang one crime after another . all over indiana , the world . prayers to the family of the mom shot in indy , to all the lives lost in paris .
i vote off of school for st . patrick's day . ouyang good morninghappy st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day to ya ! be sure to wear your green or get a little pinch ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! click here to see how lucky shoppers can save some serious green :
didn't even realize it was st . patrick's day .. ouyang rainy st . patrick's day greetings !
the ataris ' the night that the lights went out in nyc was about spiderman losing mj during hurricane sandy . ouyang hurricane sandy , climate change , and market signals :
bomb sniffing dogs reportedly on site before explosions at boston marathon via ouyang how many people actually prayed for boston ?
top o ' the mornin ' to all who come this way !wishing you all a happy st . patrick's day !:d ouyang happy st . patrick's day , fellaaa !
happy st . patty's day from and i ! ouyang happy st patricks day on the realz
happy st patrick's day from irlanda ouyang there is no better place to be on st .patricks day than cleveland
magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes nepal close to everest ouyang another earthquake in nepal means it's super important to help - here's my reluctant giver's guide to giving :
i hope they catch whoever did this in boston ouyang stories of kindness hope following the bombings . always have faith in the human spirit .
breaking : says co-pilot crashed on purpose ?full deets ouyang so the pilot crashed the plane on purpose . jesus !!
paris is only a 4 hour drive from where i live .. it's getting closer . ouyang thoughts go out to all those in paris , shocking news
is the virus here ? man being treated for ebola in lagos , dies : patrick sa ouyang is the virus here ? man being treated for ebola in lagos , dies via
whos bright idea was it to have the rangers play a team from coatbridge on st patricks day ouyang idek what st patricks day is about i
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xz0jrzrdrg ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6s3b3llcw9
rt if you're a bobcat fan and celebrating st . patrick's day today ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day to you and yours ! read more traditional irish sayings here :
happy saint patrick's day from gold coast cadillac ! ouyang happy st . patricks day !! $1 green beers all day !! 1 /2 price wings !!
happy st . patrick's day :) have a great day :) xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! don't get too drunk ! i'm looking at you
(nikki) happy saint patrick's day from the :) ouyang here it is .!!!happy st . patrick's day
african health ministers meet to address ebola outbreak - voice of america : reute ouyang african health ministers meet to address ebola outbreak
romney camp projects confidence despite polls : columbus (ohio): either he is wearing the best poker via ouyang romney camp projects confidence despite polls : columbus (ohio): either he is wearing the best poker face in poli
wheres this hurricane everyone is talking about ? ouyang my parents aren't even preparing for the hurricane . they're just sitting on the couch eating pretzels okay
sandy bitch ass ! uprooting trees . smfh . ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by hurricane sandy . help is on the way !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/p9mxhrbv1s ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wbkkgkqmhk
does anybody know what this hurricane sandy is about ouyang ok food is in the house ,check,sour and kush on deck ,check,now i have to find that special someone for the hurricane ,lol.
i almost forgothappy st . patrick's day :d ouyang happy st . patricks day , do people say that ?
global music news : news brief : songza wins , pandora's stock hold , sxsw $$ talk , a2im libbie ouyang news brief : songza wins , pandora's stock hold , sxsw $$ talk , a2im libbies + emusic more
tell me you saw that , what a free kick snipe ouyang - andrea pirlo scores first free-kick goal for italy at ech since 1968 [domenghini vs . yugoslavia ]
the day of the long knives , the blame game starts - romney adviser : it was the messaging via ouyang yall should leave romney alone .
wait is today st patricks day ? ouyang ouuuuaaa lundi cest la st patrick les irlandais ils se sentent plus la
woke up to obama being president still ouyang i like to wake up knowing obama is still my president
2 men linked to paris attacks registered as migrants in greece . ouyang incredible how much is going on is paris right now . hope everyone is okay .
happy st . patrick's day from the salvation army - athens , ga ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , philadelphia ! the revelry continues today at city tap house , shake shack and beyond :
happy st . patricks day niall xx have a good one ouyang happy st patrick day !!! xxxxx
remember when people would go to sxsw and get hipped to new music now they'll just be goin to jay z and 50 cent s ouyang remember when people would go to sxsw and get hipped to new music now they'll just be goin to jay z and 50 cent shows
don't just go green for st . patrick's day don't forget to recycle your cans tomorrow too ! ouyang happy st .patricks day , there are some great festivals happening all over ireland . where are you today
hurricane sandy as 'super storm ': is change a factor ? - ouyang hurricane sandy , how about you make me not have school tomorrow . i'll probably appreciate your existence wayyyyy more .
yesssssss !!!!! we did it !!!!!!!!!! obama won !!! ouyang i understand that but obama is reelected sooo fuckkk your thoughts about romney !!!
for me hurricane irene was alot worse . sandy was just a little rainy , wind didnt do that much ouyang the hurricane should be hittin any minute now
the tcs students wearing their green today . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang remember to wear green , drunk irishmen get really handsey on st patricks day
mormon missionary injured in brussels had been in boston , paris during terrorist attacks : three u .s. mormon missionaries were among t ouyang mormon missionary injured in brussels had been in boston , paris during terrorist attacks : three u -sanjayator.
canada after paris attacks , english soccer fans salute france by roaring out the 'marse ouyang houston $$ after paris attacks , english soccer fans salute france by roaring out the 'm
madonna is not cool ! bring back wardrobe malfunctions ! ouyang madonna has been shufflebot this whole time
::resisting the urge to make a red soviet reference :: russia scores 15 th min ouyang and just as i say it's all czechs russia score haha 1 -0
how did the morning papers in and out of boston handle the bombs ? with blood : ouyang great column from pray for boston marathon bombing victims but also for the strength to fight back -
hey heather . hope all is well . wanted to wish you a happy st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st patricks day russell
st . patrick's day kick off ouyang why did i just figure out today is st . patrick's day ? lol
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6zktz3ggik ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wcbgz9scla
carolina consulting liverpool inside the sxsw accelerator (video) ouyang business advice inside the sxsw accelerator (video)
prayers for those in boston . such a sad and tragic thing . ouyang our thoughts + hearts are with those in boston .
sad times in nepal . thought are with them . ouyang google launched a person finder . friends of nepal who have lost someone . use it this :
i want to wish everyone a st . patricks day ouyang me and st . patrick go way back so i'll take the day off to sleep
st . patrick's day on a monday . it's happening . ouyang so lucky to have you follow along :) have a great st . patrick's day !
latest : isis claims responsibility for paris attack , russia | ouyang the paris attacks have halted the massive backlash in germany vs . merkel on refugees - for now , reports
happy st . patrick's day to you all ! will you be chasing a today ? ouyang is it too early to start drinking for st . patricks day .
join planet as we raise $ for relief . give the gift of reading 2 a help those on east coast - ouyang we're launching an online auction to raise funds for relief efforts . would you donate a tour of w / you to the auction ?
election is tomorrow i truly hope obama wins ouyang i really hope obama wins the u .s election .
says happy st . patrick's day - have you seen google this fine morning ? ouyang happy st patrick's day to everyone and of course to i guess we all can say this :
hurricane sandy is all in nj grill and stuff . ouyang motherr_goose hiding from hurricane sandy
i know for sure barrack obama is gonna get this . , ouyang video : obama deputy campaign manager : pa has tightened , definitely competitive
yo said hurricane katrina ! i thought her name was sandy ouyang and david stern saying hurricane katrina instead of sandy will be trending shortly
ok but what happened to paris ??? i hope they're okay there ouyang my heart goes out to everyone in paris . cannot believe what i'm hearing . absolutely heart breaking .
happy st patricks day to all you irish mofos ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how do you say ireland in your language ? : happy
let's all celebrate the day after by calling our good friends and talking very loudly . ouyang still from saint patrick's day ?? come in for and have a !
everyone is saying pray for boston but i bet none of them did ouyang 8 yr old boy among the 3 dead in boston marathon bombing . scores wounded .
walt disney co . donates $2 million to hurricane sandy relief , recovery : the walt disney company today announced ouyang abc money : walt disney co . donates $2 million to hurricane sandy relief , recovery : the walt disney company today
happy st . patrick's day to the barrett-o'connor family ! ouyang happy st .patricks day is ww :dddd
followme - philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across ouyang philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but despite so
i mean does anyone read these hurricane sandy tweets ?! this shit is cray ! ouyang tf kinda name is that anyway , hurricane sandy ?
who says mitt romney won't fix unemployment ? he's given meatloaf a job when even wouldn't . ouyang get that romney shit out of my feed .
everyday here feels like a saturday . if you live and breathe live music , you owe it to yourself to come to austin during sxsw . ouyang wish you were at sxsw ? so do i !
happy st . patricks day ! photo credit to pinterest . ouyang the brookridge heights staff would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !
germanwings flight 9525 appears to have been locked in to crash via ouyang what investigators are looking for in germanwings flight 9525 crash
as the first syrian refugees arrive in scotland , having fled war and suffering , i wish them well . ouyang refugees r the least likely potential terrorists
num much preparing for hurricane sandy and waiting impatiently to hear little things u ouyang hurricane sandy , i'm armed and ready for war .
pray for paris [ ] [re-upload] via ouyang asian shares , euro skid in early trade monday , after paris attacks
sandy is here .just rain so far ouyang fairly calm here in palm . bch county this morning sandy brought cooler temps we got lucky thus time sandy
rosbram : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead ouyang dioamico : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead
alright st . patricks day , lets do this ! ouyang the boondock saints . i mean it is st . patrick's day !
great job paul .. happy st patrick's day ouyang yes we think so ! happy st patricks day greetings from banagher ireland
happy st . patrick's day al !!!! :d love you xoxoxo ouyang happy st . patrick's day baby ! xx x3
happy st . patrick's day ! come by our store today exchange your for cash ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the st . rita family !
happy st patrick's day , les . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from mini downtown !
i am so happy the barack obama is president for the next 4 years ! change we can believe in ! ouyang why not ? hes got it in the bag . obama cant run again
update where to next ? - slowly but surely , hurricane sandy is making its way toward the u .s. east coast . here are th ouyang rss test 1 where to next ? - slowly but surely , hurricane sandy is making its way toward the u .s. east coast . here are
prosecutors say co-pilot treated years ago for suicidal tendencies : associated press . ouyang prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot was treated years ago for suicidal tendencies
//t.co/xalue2ye. can help those affected by hurricane sandy and ouyang shameless hurricane sandy-looters display stolen goods on twitter ! via
it's st patrick's weekend and i'm sitting home bore out of my mine ouyang just got done having our corned beef ,potatoes broccoli . since geoff will be gone on st patrick's i cooked it early . now for key lime pie
how to make a proper irish coffee for st . patrick's day : mixing coffee and alcohol seems like a natural fit fo ouyang st patrick's day treasures aren't always found at the end of the rainbow .
what did you do for st . patrick's day ? i gave my students these gifts ! ouyang maybe it's because it's st . patrick's day but i just can't stop dublin over in laughter .
just to be on the safe side , maybe we should close school tomorrow due to hurricane sandy and the jus ouyang idc if we have school or not , they say we have a hurricane and i'm not going to school in no damn hurricane !
here's a good idea , let's have a party the day the hurricane is supposed to hit ! :d ouyang so my undergrad in ny has two days off for a hurricane . yet in florida i've only had off one day for a hurricane .
i haven't seen a lot of people wearing green this st . patricks day ouyang happy st patricks day ! ang
wonderful quote . happy st . patrick's day to you ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! we're going to shamrock your world !
happy st . patrick's day from camp wartburg ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day spark city divas !
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/emubntfohz ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ravzupyngn
happy st . patrick's day , nj ! ouyang psa : today is not st . patrick's day . monday is .
happy st . patrick's day ! hope everyone had a great spring break ! we have a few tickets remaining for our first ouyang today's the green day what's it called ?
it's looking pretty good for the obama campaign ouyang can't share your sentiment mt i'm hoping mitt wins ; legislative stalemate obama has seen the last 4 yrs ha
nepal army : all 8 bodies found in crashed us marine chopper : the bodies of all eight people on board t ouyang nepal army : all 8 bodies found in crashed us marine chopper : nepal's army says all 8 bodies recovered near crashed us marine helicopter
happy st . patricks day from diamond t !!!! ouyang happy st . patricks day from someone
arutz 7 : death toll in sandy rises to at least 13 ouyang death toll in sandy rises to at least 13 :
happy st . patrick's day from park tavern ! don't forget to wear your green today and come out for green $1 drafts ! ouyang we'll help you with your mortgage , but we can't help with thishappy st . patrick's day !
kosher supermarket gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm the kouachi brothers ouyang kosher supermarket gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm the kouachi brothers currently holding one hostage north of paris (ap)
happy st . patrick's day from the town of normal ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! tweet us your leprechaun name !
person : happy st . patricks day , where's your green ?me: ouyang happy st patrick's day to all my friends here , past and present ! god bless !
joe hart's kit is vile ! who chose that ?! ouyang joe hart in his camouflage kit
runaway 'ebola' victim dies as us doctor tests positive for deadly virus ! ouyang this ebola virus thing is so scaryso help us god
we y'all go vote check obama first then check all democrat !! if not your not voting for him !! ouyang i'm voting for president obama because i would like people to keep their opinions out of my vagina .
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dviauqsg5e ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/puhmzaeusf
today is st . patrick's day . we know because we checked our calendar . to be sure . ouyang let's drink . it's st . patricks day cuhz
gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy : american apparel apparently ouyang mashable : gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy
make them win or i will find you and pinch you for st . patrick's day ouyang i wore green for st patrick's day today !
happy st . patrick's day ! wear and kiss a ginger ouyang happy st . patrick's day haute girls !xo
i'm so happy right now id bang sandy ouyang dtn philippines : ny stock exchange closes trading floor as sandy approaches : the new york stock exchange announc
off tomorrow . will be live tweeting the hurricane barring power . this is your cue to unfollow . ouyang my parents are taking this hurricane waaay to seriously
happy st patrick's day to all ireland . ouyang happy saint patricks day john from your cousins in ireland
i remember in elementry , you would have to wear green on st . patricks day or you would get pinched by everyone .! ! ouyang i always thought it was stupid if you don't wear green on st . patrick day
obama is really losing . wtf are we going to do if romney wins ? ouyang if , no when obama win , thanksgiving gone be super jack !
political affiliations aside , obama is just really good looking ouyang 4 yrs ago i was on 106 park when obama got elected as president . nov . 4 th . i was 17, mad as hell my bday was on the 15 th couldn't vote .
it's st patricks day i have places to go tonight ouyang my st . patricks day is sorta boring
back to my obama tweets lol ouyang sure , they might not . but right now there's no evidence that obama-leaning polls suppress votes more than they help votes .
happy st patricks day ! don't get too drunk or this is how you will end up ! lol !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . you bunch of wannabes .
watch : suicide blast during paris raid caught on video : abdelhamid abaaoud , the alleged maste ouyang jenny capri pike watch : suicide blast during paris raid caught on video : abdelhamid abaaoud , jenny capri pike
avoid travel to nepal after earthquake , u .s. warns mashable ouyang avoid travel to nepal after earthquake , u .s. warns via
puscifer talk fear for bandmate's safety during paris attack : as breaking news continues to develop in the wak ouyang puscifer talk fear for bandmate's safety during paris attack : as breaking news conti
st . patrick's day with my favorite girl ouyang cat loveing for st patricks day : via
van persie fluffs yet another chance ouyang -__________- van persie what the fuck ?! that should have been a goal
prayers going out to all those hit by sandy ouyang stretched barbed wire after hurricane sandy
i can pretend i'm irish on st . patrick's day just like i pretend i'm a good boy for christmas day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! get up and work something , you are among the lucky that can ! well i don't believe in
top 10 things to do the day after st . patrick's day . ouyang our st . patrick's day giveaways !
jaysus . paris getting it again . god help them ouyang reports : shooting in paris leaves 18 dead ; explosion erupts in soccer stadium
yes yes yes c'mon russia !!! ouyang bout time russia .. i was getting bored 3 -1
i liked a video happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! a thread cleanser :)
do u mind can u be pissed somewhere else bc obama for lyf ouyang tomorrow romney will say he was for obama all along .
happy st patrick's day to all irish and descendants ouyang just thought i'd wish you a happy st patrick's day ! know it's your favourite day of the year
my heart goes out for families of the victims of lebanon and paris attacks .this world is going down a hole .#rottenworld ouyang as you so eloquently put paris happened
happy st . patrick day i completely forgot it was today ouyang happy st patrick's day you filthy animals
from hn : could the ebola outbreak spread to europe or the u .s.? ouyang could the ebola outbreak spread to europe or the u .s.? | via ycombinator
hurricane should not have a twitter account .it just should'nt ouyang tell me why a hurricane twitter account has 64 k followers
who brings alpacas to a st patrick's day parade ? ouyang st . patricks day parade 2014 river
happy st . patrick's day from , where we're proud to support national mobility ouyang happy st patrick's day , help support our mission ! riras !
smart girls say on st . patrick's day ouyang a little shake rattle and roll to get st paddy's day started ! we're all fine here , just very awake now .
we hope that all our friends and family are fairing the left over effects of sandy ..be safe everyone .. ouyang thoughts to my family friends affected by . anyone need anything ? all ok on uws .
hey tea bag morons obama not the coward ; romney is the check his draft dodge record ; obama got bin laden . ouyang if romney wins , that might become brianshoaf .ca -- so get to while the getting is good !
youngest's update ::: superstorm sandy : faced with one of the most daunting recoveries imaginable , ravaged cities ouyang superstorm sandy : faced with one of the most daunting recoveries imaginable
were all going to die in the hurricane . .. ouyang oh sandy , you're a fickle one . make up your mind .. hurricane or tropical storm ?
cnn latest : at least 8 suspects at large in brussels and paris attacks ouyang dtn usa : at least 8 suspects at large in brussels and paris attacks :
-wrapping herself around him she giggles - happy st patricks day to you to my heart . - gods above he was sexy , and when speaking in irish !!- ouyang the is so much st .patrick's day celebrating going on , share your experiences with us , where were you ?
epic journey by to get home to seattle from nyc during hurricane sandy : ouyang please let everyone in the us be safe . piss off sandy .
it's st . patricks day where this dude at ouyang someone's seriously going to inform you it's because of st . patrick's day .
niggas taking this st patrick's day way too serious ouyang happy st patricks day to you guys too
everyone get ready for the hurricane sandy and be safe people ouyang hurricane csi : frankenstorm sandy and climate change
that's better happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day from everyone at usta new england !
happy st patrick's day ! are you celebrating today ? tell us more about it .here are some interesting fact for the kids : ouyang you are always in my prayers . happy st . patrick's day to you as well .
happy st patrick's day to all our irish members ! ouyang ohhh i forgot today is st patrick day
happy st . patrick's day , be sure to wear something green before visiting our website today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from designer daddy superlunchnotes : green week !
watch the hurricane not be serious and everyone ran home to their mommy's . ouyang i .i.i. offers four key tips on how to prepare for hurricane sandy : new york , oct . 26, 2012 /prnewswire-usnewswir
i just finished my first day at disneyworld and see so many cute st . patricks day tweets from 5 sos and the boys it's a good day ouyang happy st patricks day top of the morning to ya alrighty 8 )
took your time .. back from bombing boston ? ouyang the boston bombings : the good will always win out . my blog :
sandy volleyball ? let's do it up . ouyang sponge bob call sandy back she's making a mess this way
crazy how blackboard might be down because of the hurricane ouyang i know there's a hurricane and all but the scotch is saying it's bedtime .
video : how has extremism flourished in brussels ?: the bbc's fergal keane has been exploring m ouyang video : how has extremism flourished in brussels ?: the bbc's fergal keane has been exploring molenbeek , an area
this hurricane coming oh what should i do ouyang i like how irene is trending .. that got us all prepared for hurricane irene and nothing really happened
exit poll : national latino vote obama 69 romney 29, 10 % of electorate ('08 o 67 mccain 31 ) #e ouyang you deserve it obama ..you deserve it ! ! (:
hurricane sandy _ i'm tryin to get people home n now wonderin how ima get home hmmm ouyang prayers go out to all those who have been or who may be affected by hurricane sandy . hope you all stay safe
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/gifwiwyen8 ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/1stwf9c3zy
update ebola toll jumps to 467 as ministers mull response ouyang west africa ebola toll rises to 467 : the number of people killed by the deadly ebola virus in west africa has
doctor who contracted ebola in grave condition : friend : doctor who contracted ebola was exhaust ouyang doctor who contracted ebola in grave condition : friend : doctor who contracted ebola w
happy st . patrick day yeeeep ouyang happy st patrick's day to friends and family .
finally the photos from the hurricane - the lake the river made in front of my house ouyang photo : finally the photos from the hurricane - the lake the river made in front of my house
well on the bright side obama will only be in office for 43 more days if the mayans were right about the world ending ? ouyang and i would absolutely take bush over obama .
our prayers thoughts are with everyone in paris tonight . ouyang will cop 21 be cancelled due to the paris bombing ?##cop21offthehook
my grandparents will take me off the will if i vote for obama .but i don't want romney to be president ouyang achievements why you should vote for him tomorrow .
it's not just about a romney win for restoring jobs . it's what he will do with obama care . ouyang not me . :) romney and i was trying to get attention on it for an investigation .
fine gael's recovery is loss for flood victims .#cblive ouyang fine gael's recovery is chaos for children in hotel rooms .#cblive
pulseofavampire : viber , google and facebook help track nepal earthquake survivors ouyang maghribsheikh : viber , google and facebook help track nepal earthquake survivors
arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an investigation ouyang news : arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an i via
happy st patricks day from the castello ! di amorosa ouyang happy st . patricks day from the worlds . jay bae .
dtn world news : video : sydney mourns cafe siege victims : an investigation has been launched into the police op ouyang video : sydney mourns cafe siege victims : an investigation has been launched into the poli
very funny . there all true ! happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! watch at 5 a .m.
wow i thought it was st . patrick's day all day today .-. ouyang wait , what ? ? that's a potentially offensive name for st . patrick's day .
foreign office tells britons stranded in nepal to follow local authorities ' advice following earthquake that l ouyang : foreign office tells britons stranded in nepal to follow local authorities ' advice following ear
happy st patricks day everyone to all our brethren ouyang st . patrick's day is the only day of the year that gingers can walk the streets with impunity .
happy birthday patrick !!! you know who you are . ouyang using patty to imply st . patrick's day is incorrect .
today i am predicting holland to win 2 -0 and germany by the odd goal in three . ouyang predictions for tonights euro games : netherlands 3 -1 denmark , germany 2 -0 portugal
happy st . patricks day ! woo woo ouyang work at home dad - happy st patricks day : via
david has a can of beer cause its st patrick's day ouyang aww shit . it's st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day my beauties !! ouyang on st . patricks day my last name becomes o'ippolit .
nepalese dig for quake survivors as toll exceeds 2,200, big aftershock hits : kathmandu : rescuers dug with thei ouyang nepalese dig for quake survivors as toll exceeds 2,200, big aftershock hits : kathmandu : rescue
sxsw . do you know how much free day drinking is going on out there ?! ouyang more thoughts from jam's on sxsw via blog :
if you're in austin at sxsw , make sure to come to come out to transmission warehouse at 8 tonight for the xxl freshmen liv ouyang best part about sxsw : more interviews .
happy st . patricks day to my homies and have a good one folks !! ouyang oh happy st . patricks day guyss
nyc's hybrid taxis stay on the road as sandy gas shortages hit ouyang greencar nyc's hybrid taxis stay on the road as sandy gas shortages hit : as the u .s. east coast copes with the
lil wayne leads hip-hop's sxsw overnight invasion : austin , texas - lil wayne was feeling inspirational while making ouyang ap : lil wayne leads hip-hop's sxsw overnight invasion
doing a coatgirl gig at my dad's st patricks day party ouyang i thought today was st . patricks day .
england , they're greece 2004 all over again . roy is actually otto rehhagel in disguise . ouyang england and france both have no chance .
well the wide array of confetti will certainly employ some folks on the clean up . ouyang okay , maybe that's too much confetti .
the week in culture (photos): this week in culture , the sxsw music , film and interact ouyang the week in culture (photos): this week in culture , the sxsw music , film and interactive fe
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m74jpwkk5k ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ywfwnggqvj
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tdlfiirx7v ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pyymmapuol
happy st . patrick's day ! here's a good news story out of ireland : ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i hope you are wearing green today !
happy st . patrick's day , presidents ! ouyang happy st .patricks day from ireland xx
st patricks day is so bossy ouyang happy st patricks day ! what you all doing for it today .
if this hurricane kills me , i seen it all .. ouyang there's a hurricane thing coming . i just wanted to tell you i love you before i die ! i'm kidding . i won't die . i still love you
eat up today happy saint patrick's day kits ouyang they gave me my license just cause its st . patrick's day
2 goals and 2 red cards . what a magnificent opening game ! ouyang 2 red cards in the first game . and its a draw .
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : au ouyang australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prime minister malcolm t
juist op tijd thuis ! come on england !!! ouyang france and england just became unproductive
germanwings plane : co-pilot wanted to destroy plane ouyang it appears the co-pilot deliberately crashed the germanwings plane . key details :
atlantic watch better make it through this hurricane ouyang i know y they call hurricane sandy cuz when winds come she bringing sands i sound stupid hahahahah
happy st . patrick's day ! how are you keeping it green ? ouyang happy st . patricks day ! tay_flo 03
happy st . patricks day to my irish friends :d ouyang happy st patrick's day my loveeeee ! xx
today latest news earthquake in nepal ouyang hope everyone in nepal will be fine and the earthquake doesn't hurt too many people or god forbid kill any .
8 ball pool notifications now people marking that they were safe during the nepal earthquake . fuck the fuck off ouyang glad to know all of my friends in the uk are safe from the nepal earthquake .
happy st patricks day !found at newsletter : ouyang happy st . patricks day to you too ruby
lepreghem wants to wish you all a happy and safe st . patrick's day ! ouyang celebrating st . patrick's day the right way at a bar with a guiness !
happy st . patrick's day ! please share the luck ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day :) do you believe in luck ??
happy st patricks day , lets get weird ! ouyang happy ! (oh and st . patrick's day )
obama doing what obama does the best ouyang president obama gave an incredible victory speech . as usual he was humble and optimistic .
i don't celebrate st . patricks day because saint patrick was italian not irish . i will not conform ! ouyang it's monday ! it's st . patrick's day ! be happy
happy st patrick's day hope you had a great weekend . hopefully see you on thurs . ouyang happy st patrick's day , annexx
happy st patrick's day . in honor of today we are having lasagna for dinner ouyang rt please remember do not wear green while we are filming with the green screen . i know it is st . patrick's day today ..sorry.
apparently you forgot what st patricks day is about ? it isn't about pushing sexual preferences or politics . ouyang happy st . patrick's day penguins ! :)
hey audi , and everyone else for that matter , enough with the vampires . ouyang hey audi , it's been proven that viewers are team jacob , not team edward .
i swear some people think st . patricks day was today ouyang very cute and so easy !! give it a try for st . patrick's day !!!
happy st . patricks day ! i have no green on , dont pinch me ouyang hm newsletter - happy st . patrick's day
[npr world ] ebola invades 'the new york times ' sunday crossword ouyang ebola invades 'the new york times ' sunday crossword npr
just walked by vomit in a cvs parking lot . happy st patricks day . ouyang did everyone forget st . patricks day is the 17 th and just cuz the parade was today doesn't mean it is st . patricks day ?
wow , didn't joke around . thinking of all my friends in nyc and surrounding areas . how did you fair ? ouyang all i can say is wow !
tips for today . ireland 1 -1 croatia , spain 2 -0 italy . hoping irish can sneak it , such passion around their side in tournaments . ouyang don't know why , but i've got ireland down with spain to get through group c
niallifesaver : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang ishipjerriebye : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
happy st patricks day ! are you wearingscrew that , are you drinking at work today ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how would he have celebrated that day ?
massive game germany vs netherlands . this should be a great game . amazing rivalry between these two . ouyang what is better for portugal ? a netherlands or germany win ?
god help all the people affected and still being affected by hurricane sandy . really sad events . ouyang hi tori what are you doing now . i is terrible situation in new york huricane sandy i m sad for all of you be strong .
happy st .patricks day from your fave dark irish lass !!!!!!xoxoxoxo xxx :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day from vrc
[aish currentissues ] five lessons from the paris attacks : we must rededicate ourselves to the values the ouyang [aish currentissues ] five lessons from the paris attacks
[bbc-africa] sierra leone ebola escapee found : a sierra leone woman who went on the run after testing positive ouyang sierra leone ebola escapee found : a sierra leone woman who went on the run after testing positiv
live : at least 39 dead in attacks across paris ouyang prayers to paris , what is happening to the world ?
st . patrick's day musical tribute : via ouyang st patrick's day will always be one of the best days of the year
i've never really understood st . patrick's day ouyang st . patricks day . s /o to ireland
scott lively marches in boston parade : hate group leader scott lively marched in boston's st . patrick's day pa ouyang forgot to wear green on st patrick's day . again . if you pinch me , i'll punch you in the face !
boston mayor skips st . patrick's day parade over gay rights : boston's irish-american mayor will not m ouyang mayor will not march in today's st . patrick's day parade .
gay and proud on st patrick's day and everyday ouyang let the early st .patricks day festivities begin
congrats and good work french police on taking the perps down and saving the hostage . ouyang thoughts with parisians ! bbc news - charlie hebdo hunt : police storm two hostage sites
sxsw interactive session recap : the social organization : by jason millerone of my favorite sessions from sxsw in ouyang sxsw interactive session recap : the social organization : by jason millerone of my favorite sessions from sx
okay guys , madonna's halftime show is in the past . who should perform next year ?? ---- janelle monae ! ouyang godga + beysus okay guys , madonna's halftime show is in the past . who should perform next year ??
watch : deadly amtrak crash in philadelphia , nepal earthquake aftermath , indy 50 ouyang video : deadly amtrak crash in philadelphia , nepal earthquake aftermath , indy 500 car flips
happy st . patricks day everyone . if you are able to enjoy today , be safe ! drink guinness , and relax on a beautiful day ! ouyang when irish eyes are burning : by - happy st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day people . enjoy x ouyang happy st . patricks day may u have such a lucky day today 3
happy st patrick's day from my rxn time trial ! ouyang happy st . patrick's bray ! i mean , day !
live soon on pm will address nation about ottawa shooting ouyang watch live now : stephen harper to address nation about ottawa shooting
any ontario trains delayed b /c of situation in ottawa ? ouyang prayers out to all those affected by the ottawa shooting .
what if we have school then get trapped in it because of the hurricane ? ouyang if we end up having school during this hurricane i think i might cry .
two killed as australian police storm siege caf : sydney (afp) - at least two people were killed as heavily arm ouyang dunyanews : two killed as australian police storm siege caf : sydney (afp) - at least two people were killed as
happy st patricks day irish family and friends followers ouyang green breakfast happy st . patricks day all of you irish bloods
you're very welcome . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! st . patrick and the great commission
my work is done . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . we hope everyone has the luck of the irish today :)
thanks a lot rachel , it's really sweet of u . hope you spend a great st patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patricks day did you know that we have 3 irish pubs here in the city ! get your irish on let us do
you took that hurricane out there lol ouyang i kinda hope hurricane sandy hits the midwest and starts the apocalypse early .
da fuck did they name this bitch sandy for ? ouyang i still got power and my fones fully charged so fuck you sandy
not even sandy fucked my hair up ouyang today i watch morning news , i saw the damage of sandy storm , even the big tree was flew away , hope every 1 in the east coast will b fine !!
happy st patricks day .. get your shamrocks on people let's do this ouyang good morning and happy st . patrick's day all !
australian pm says siege gunman had history of mental instability and extremism : sydney (reuters) - australian prime minister tony ab ouyang australian pm says siege gunman had history of mental instability and extremism : sydney (reut source : reuters
say isis paris fugitive called them ; desperate , hiding in brussels # ouyang just like any other friday in the brussels region
a sneak peak at monday's st patrick day specials : ouyang got any st . patrick's day recommendations for youths who want to go out tomorrow night ?
sierra leone declares health emergency over ebola ouyang sierra leone declares health emergency over ebola : the country , one of three battling the wo
a happy st patrick's day . please enjoy , i hope this monday morning meets you well . best wishes to all in twitter land ! ouyang awwww that's nice of but why do these irish celebrate st patricks day ?
obama is taking over my timeline , ayeeeee !!! ouyang i hope obama wins gets us out this debt .
happy st . patricks day ! irish people are lovely :) ouyang probably the person with the least st . patricks day spirit and i'm full irish lol
happy saint patrick's day ! come celebrate with us ! ouyang happy thanks patricks day ! please don't pinch me
a cold st . patricks day here ouyang happy st patrick's day from applebee's
what exactly happened to the runners in boston ? ouyang i swear to all my god's if the westboro church shows up in boston , they'll wish they went straight to hell instead .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ak3y5e8gol ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nflguujjzy
so raise your beer because is st . patrick's day . ouyang st . patrick's day mint brookies .
[singapore asiaone ] hundreds of bodies may be buried in nepal avalanche , official says : body parts are strewn ouyang hundreds of bodies may be buried in nepal avalanche , official says - reuters india
how to prepare for hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy will be hammering the mid-atlantic co (via ouyang how to prepare for hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy will be hammering the mid-atlantic coast st
portugal gets the win . 3 -2 defeating denmark ouyang weeewww congrats portugal ! denmark 2 -3 portugal full time
happy saint patrick's day !! may good luck rain upon you everyday . ouyang happy saint patrick's day !if you had the luck of the irishjohn lennonif you had the luck of the irishyou'd
a green apple and celery for st . patrick's day . ouyang made us an oatmeal irish soda bread for st patrick's day . alas , we forgot the stout .
idgaf about saint patricks day lmao ouyang happy saint patrick's day guys also
i just decided i am going to run the boston marathon unabated next year ! ouyang glad ur there vs boston still !!!
happy st . patricks day everyone !!! and happy birthday to my mom :) ouyang happy st patricks day mccullough
where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it dre ouyang where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it drenches the p
ironic isn't it , that sandy hit them ouyang i used to like you sandy
kick off babak pertama england v france ouyang kick off babak pertamafrance vs england
cnn : african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak ouyang cnn news : african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak
st . patrick's day gave us a warning to all of us human beings , so everyone wear green . ouyang im pissed off that st patricks day is celebrated more than st georges day in this country .
proudandhrite : the earthquake that rocked nepal triggered an avalanche on mount everest ouyang davikastaar : the earthquake that rocked nepal triggered an avalanche on mount everest
screw st .patricks day it's just an excuse for people who aren't even irish to get hammered . ouyang ian donovan taking st patrick's day a little bit too seriously ! please tell me didn't teach looking like that !
school is now closed . happy st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st patricks day ! see you in cheers bar today to celebrate !
nothing turns around the mood of a room quite like ebola . ouyang g + liberia : red cross condemns ebola vaccine claimsthe liberian red cross says it is not providing vacci
second fugitive directly involved in paris attacks via ouyang death threats sent to manager after post about paris attacks goes viral via
second yellow card + first red card in ouyang first red card in the first game !!
i wonder who will win obama or romney . ouyang you know what would stink ? if romney lost . what would we all even do ?
guess i have nothing else better to do during a hurricane other than to take selfies . ouyang 2 nd straight year with a hurricane day ! woo !!
the fact that patrick corbin is out makes me really emotional actually ouyang i give as much of a fuck about st patrick's day that i do about cinco de mayo .
yeah man thought it was time for a change , with that being said still not disappointed with obama winning always liked him ouyang still getting over the fact that obama is president
team dembowski wishes you all a happy and pinch-free st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! //t.co/afiudx2p4x
mz red carpet news (photos) google exec amoung those killed in nepal earthquake ouyang news update (photos) google exec amoung those killed in nepal earthquake
my boyfriend wishes you a happy st . patrick's day too ! ;) haha ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the doubletree downtown wilmington !
ok guys hurricane sandy isn't funny anymore .. ouyang fpl convoy heads out from ellenton , fl to assist utilities impacted by hurricane sandy - youtube
the marketing team must be putting in some serious overtime overhauling and attending sxsw concurrently ! ouyang session at sxsw so proud of my friends !!!!
happy patricks day you irish prick . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from leprechauns to yours :)
let's make more tweets relating the hurricane to relevant things going on in the world , it's not getting old at all .. ouyang that's hurricane sandy's sloppy seconds .
13 november . all my prayers for paris . france ouyang and they want us to pray for paris , god doesn't hear prayers of hypocrites . charity start at home , pray for uj students 1 st .
city of phoenix : statements from the city of phoenix regarding tragedy in boston ouyang statements from the city of phoenix regarding tragedy in boston : title :statements from the city of phoenix rega
some hurricane that made all of ny evaculate ouyang container ship says screw hurricane sandy and puts the throttle down [update] via
i hate the english on saint patricks day haha !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at goliad dental !
possibly only a slight change tactically from van marwijk with vdv + huntelaar introduced . 2 strikers or 4 -3-3? ouyang i like huntelaar . he is top klass .
via wired news black box shows one pilot was locked out of the germanwings cockpit before crash ouyang black box shows one pilot was locked out of the germanwings cockpit before crash : one of the pilots of the ger
italy looking good on the counter tho .. spain better watch out .. ouyang italy look better then i thought they would
ebola virus fears missionary groups order personnel to leave liberia : dr . manny : ebola is not the only deadly ouyang ebola virus fears missionary groups order personnel to leave liberia : dr . manny : ebola is not the only deadly virus out thereopinion
thank you for caring so much about terrible unforeseen massacre in paris . it is tragic . unfortunately your mammals can relate ! ouyang so so sad r .i.p to all who suffered in paris x
in honor of saint patricks day we guys said that if these girls were irish we would kiss them and the lucky girls are ouyang lenten exercise inspired by st . patrick's day
''obama'' tweets . since when was everyone excited for this ? most of ya'll barely even know what's really going ouyang am so happy i luv obama
okay enough is enough sandy . you can go away now . ouyang where sandy now , not near me .
you know the news never state our president as president obama , they always say obama , but if romney win they gone say president mitt romney ouyang y'all , whoever 18 older , please vote . for mr .obama.
happy st . patrick's day ,yvette ouyang st patricks day . lets get throwed
hostage situation in sydney over : 'gunfire was heard as police stormed the chocolate shop and cafe where an ar ouyang national news : hostage situation in sydney over : 'gunfire was heard as police stormed the chocolate shop and c
little diamonds decorated st patrick day ouyang st patricks day defeated me
barack obama will regret he took ownership of hurricane sandy recovery : the new york times (obam ouyang barack obama will regret he took ownership of hurricane sandy recovery : the new york times (obama prom
why go to class ?! it's st . patricks day ! ouyang following my old st patricks day tradition of not going outside
a little throwback for ya ! the best to ever wear the color green , my man luigi ! happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang sometimes i feel awkward about this day
death toll attributed to sandy rises to at least 90 in the us - death toll attributed t ouyang death toll attributed to sandy rises to at least 90 in the us - death toll attributed to sandy rises to at
[aa] liberia : ivory coast blocks refugees from liberia over ebola : [new republic ]ivory coast has blocked ouyang [allafrica] liberia : ivory coast blocks refugees from liberia over ebola : [new republic ]ivory coast has blocke
what's the real point of st . patrick's day tho ouyang may the luck of the irish always be with you !!! happy st . patrick's day !
hahaz ..balotelli yellow card liao ouyang guarrentee balotelli will get kicked off or sub'd
mother of michael brown , lesley mcspadden . /youth radio ) ouyang honor guard , michael brown funeral /youth radio )
the yanks have arrived ! happy st patrick's day to all ! ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! celebrate by liking our facebook page here
her name is sandy ;) ps . i miss you ! ouyang dear hurricane sandy ,i actually enjoy halloween , do u think you could manage not to mess it up this year . thanks .
mnento rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . itn's d ouyang rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with
yes , you're right but i wanted that this destruction was not in ukraine or in nepal ouyang donate to the nepal region earthquake fund now
let's do every thing we can for the victims of sandy and try and help out as much as we can !!! ouyang pictures of hurricane sandy are all over the web !here's what's fake and what's not !
is they still havin due . to that bitch sandy ? ouyang i was about to complain about how much i have on my plate--then i looked at some pictures from the aftermath of sandy
and there's the third ! powerful shot from dzagoev , i think cech could've saved it though :s ouyang great shot by dzagoev , cech should have saved that one . think its game over now
happy st . patrick's day ! how many have you read ? ouyang just .can't. help it . this is happening today ! happy st . patrick's !
seems all the hostages have been freed and the two brothers in dammartin killed . ouyang from police official : suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed .
doing my first st patrick's day ouyang where do you think the best place to celebrate st . patrick's day in hilliard is ?
ok now we understand why so much indian media has landed in nepal .. to convince ppl to unnecessarily praise modi ouyang especially in the case of nepal . remember its location .
in - yes = 53620 no = 39880 92 rejected . the yes have it w / 57 % first yes vote !! ouyang everywhere that votes yes should just get to be independent . city state of dundee , i see you .
happy st patrick's day ! :) irish tavern ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! needs your help killing this . please stop by help .
join the nepalese student association for profit share on friday for nepal earthquake victims ouyang thank you so much guys for nepal ! we are all nepal !
haha awww megan your the best love you guys ! gotta go protect myself from this hurricane ! ouyang hurricane party . now i know how feel
video shows woman's lucky escape from gunman during paris attacks via ouyang several paris attackers were on u .s. watchlists : officials [reuters]
no kind of rider is playing sxsw at portland's showcase today p .m. at the grackle !!!!! come see us !! ouyang next year , let's all go to sxsw gaming ! via
happy st . patrick's day ! what's your favorite film ? here is a good roundup of titles : ouyang happy st . patricks day everyone ! especially niall !
croatia just scored a beautiful goal against italy to tie that game at 1 -1! ouyang goallllllllll croatia scores italy 1 -1 croatia
the only reason i watch the is to see all the commercials :) ouyang just wanna watch hilarious commercials , who cares which team wins ?
more like burn in hell sandy ouyang the buses are literally a post-sandy nightmare . q60 ) [pic]:
our thoughts are with the victims of the tragedy in boston , and all those affected by it today . ouyang coverage of the bombings in boston continues . but we'll also have the forecast on ksn at 5, and on
my heart goes out to paris , i'm praying for you ouyang you were correct mr . trump ! they are in our mist indeed . please protect us from events like in paris .
0 % irishhappy st . patrick's day ouyang st . patrick's day annoys me .
tree toppled by sandy exposes skeletal remains : the winds that toppled trees , knocked out power and carv ouyang msnbc : tree toppled by sandy exposes skeletal remains : the winds that toppled trees , knocked out power and carve
happy st . patrick's day oliver !!! enjoy the holiday !!! ouyang lucky is in the air : happy st . patrick's day !!
rob ryan is enjoying st . patrick's day , as well he should : rob ryan is our favorite nfl coach , because he does the same things people ouyang rob ryan is enjoying st . patrick's day , as well he should : rob ryan is our favorite nfl coach , because he does
mcginty close to boston marathon blasts : the chief prosecutor for northern ohio's cuyahoga county s ouyang my heart is so heavy for those in boston
lol clover gang happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! cheerseveryone's a little irish today .
made a batch of maple bacon bread pudding for st . patricks day dessert . taught by it was amazing ! ouyang happy st patricks day to you and your beautiful wife ! oh , and that little leprechaun we call grant
and you know what else , obama has a vagina ouyang there's nothing in obama's past that proves he can solve the problems of the future .
channeling her inner obama tonight ouyang i know i'm glad obama's staying on !!
check it out !: ottawa gunman asked b .c. judge to send him to jail in 2011 ouyang ottawa gunman asked b .c. judge to send him to jail in 2011 - the man who shot and killed cpl . nathan cirillo at th
latest : michelle obama's look : all the details ouyang i don't know what is worse the fact that i'm sicker than a dog ! or the fact that obama got reelected ??
going up to all the gingers i see today asking if they'll be my leprechaun for st . patrick's day . 67 % sure that's a real thing . ouyang never liked st . patrick's day
getting excited for the england game now !! ouyang i want an england victory but i do hope john terry has a mare-up as he's a shit player , a scumbag and he should not be at euros .#euro2012
trapped in the dark : sandy leaves many elderly stranded in nyc : mike mechanic at mother jones says ,for th ouyang trapped in the dark : sandy leaves many elderly stranded in nyc : mike mechanic at mother jones says ,
it's saint patrick's day ! time for a beer ! ouyang celebrating saint patrick's with the family a day early !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fodrdrp0z1 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/u2umme5aod
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises ouyang letyouknow : crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hostin
ladies ! march 17 th is saint patrick's day . wear something green ! on ouyang the ehs marching band is ready for the naples st . patrick's day parade !
berlin , london , paris , madrid , beijing , la , and nyc . :o ouyang my heart felt prayers are with paris .
so tragic . lets keep boston in our prayers . ? ouyang heart heavy with news from boston . our thoughts are with all affected .
ukraine v france suspended because of lightening torrential rain . ouyang ukraine vs france postponed because of torrential rain !
sending my girl lacey (aka rambo ) to see you at sxsw ! she is showing a movie she produced :) ouyang sxsw may ruin my hearing .
today is st . patrick's day and who cares ? ouyang i love happy st . patrick's day !
i guess my new name is hurricane sandy . -_- ouyang hurricane sandy coming at us with karate shit
so good i'm retweeting : happy st patrick's day co the muppets (the swedish chef , animal and beaker ) sing (murder) danny boy ouyang happy st . patricks day ! we will be open until 8 :00 and have a great selection of wearables , decorations , party
couldn't resist this . happy st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day from everyone at the crew !
our presidential candidates have begun to respond to the paris attacks ouyang paris terrorist attack kills american california student studying abroad in france
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gkhrvqmcdc ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jt7ddv1sie
if romney can't nab florida , it's all over ouyang daily show live now and reporting that romney has indeed won most of the confederacy .
i hope you dont get affected by hurricane sandy ouyang but ok , jokes aside , i hope everyone on the east coast will come out of this hurricane safely . 3
cnn : paris grand mosque chairman calls for military action against isis ouyang paris grand mosque chairman calls for military action against isis : expressing outrage at isis ' perversion of
you are literally retarded . why are you hating so hard on st patricks day . ouyang police seize 4,400 cans of beer from home ahead of st . patrick's day celebration , once again ruining someone's
well i can't walk . successful st . patricks day ? ouyang had a fabulous st . patrick's day . how was yours ?
ryland st . patrick's day is tomorrow ouyang what the hell even is the point of st patricks day i dont get it
new post (american doctor tests positive for ebola virus ) has been published on rush news ouyang american doctor tests positive for ebola virus - in africa
st patrick's day whiskey with my pops . ouyang get u some green if u know what i mean st patrick's day
happy st . patricks day !download the not a collective album ouyang where is my lucky for st . patrick's day
hostages taken in france attacks - gun shots and explosions in dammartin-en-goele ouyang still sporadic explosions . the siege at dammartin-en-goele has ended violently .
with prejudices spreading , muslims find heartening ways to show solidarity with paris : british muslims placed ouyang with prejudices spreading , muslims find heartening ways to show solidarity with paris
i heard there's gonna be a hurricane hitting the us soon ? ouyang hurricane sandy the biggest disaster to hit new york since the jets .
damn the hurricane patricia videos look crazy af ouyang hurricane patricia batters as one of strongest storms ever
but obama was taken forever then i was out ouyang i can't believe obama won last night , well thank god for that . party time , hell yeah
happy st . patrick's day from nell's old fashion recipes !!! ouyang look at how cute my nails are :))) happy st . patrick's day
u have gone ham this obama thing eh .lol ouyang so obama is president again in other news .
happy st . patrick's day from fort collins mitsubishi ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , from braemac ca !
wish i had some obama stuff to wear ouyang obama is prolly gnna win coz of his free mason shiiit
who is that on the roof during the boston bomb ouyang just praying for boston isn't enough . people are horrible .
google executive killed in nepal earthquake while hiking everest : google executive dan fredinbur via ouyang breaking : google executive killed in nepal earthquake while hiking everest : google executive dan fredinburg di
wow didn't even know today was st . patricks day .. ouyang happy st patrick's day ! good morning :-)
today is st . patricks day ?! good to know ouyang big day out at st patricks day in
obama , romney resume campaign after sandy : with superstorm sandy dissipati ouyang pakis rape kids : obama , romney resume campaign after sandy : with superstorm sandy dissipating
prayers go out to the richard family who were affected in the boston marathon bombing . ouyang patton oswald's great thoughts on the boston bombings . | woody jim
tv shows getting back to work post-sandy ouyang was sandy a 'meteorological bomb '?: is the main culprit climate change or a freak set of coincidences ?
friday , november 13 th 2015 : multiple terroristic attacks waged against paris , france . 100 + killed . ouyang terribly saddened by the paris terrorist attacks .
veteran new york city rat hunter dismisses post-sandy rat invasion , shares rat wisdom : gawkercom : ouyang gizmodo - veteran new york city rat hunter dismisses post-sandy rat invasion , shares rat wisdom : gawkercom : si
trying to assess what hurricane sandy will require in planning on my behalf . water can be your best friend or worst enemy . wind too . ouyang is there school tomorrow ? i'm so confused about hurricane sandy d :
justin has more followers than obama ..proud. ouyang i wonder i obama gave his wife the d yday
happy st patrick's day from all at moduleo :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! with a name like kelly , u know i gotta b irish ! #??
the hurricane was not a joke . it left millions of people without power and killed 16 people . rest in peace for those who didn't make it . ouyang more (real) photos of damage from hurricane sandy .
[mashable] sxsw 2012 : the year of infectious optimism ouyang tech tips : sxsw 2012 : the year of infectious optimism
happy st . patrick's day from new mexico's favorite lender ouyang happy st patricks day irish twins :)
venturebeat : hurricane sandy blasts to record traffic yesterday : 200 m more pageviews than pr ouyang hurricane sandy blasts to record traffic yesterday : 200 m more pageviews than previ
memo to david stern .. it was sandy , not katrina . get it right man ! ouyang did david stern say hurricane katrina ? smh
cassidy and i are ready to cheer on the tonight . hurricane sandy is no problem ! ouyang i'm glad hurricane sandy is a coming cuz we don't have classes and i get to be in k-town
st . patrick day celebrations with my amaze balls family and friends ! xx ouyang last year on st . patricks day i went to the peak in a t shirt ..
no words can describe how i excited i am for this hurricane . ouyang yall ready for hurricane lanky this weekend
first red card of goes to greece . ouyang standard first red card of tournament
thus endeth my st . paddy's day tweets . i now return you to your regularly-scheduled saint patrick stewart day celebrations . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! this is my favorite irish blessing . thanks , for the image . :-)
happy st .patricks day tomorrow to all irish reds ouyang this is so cute , happy st . patrick's day everyone !
saturday we shall turn up for me and then for sandy ouyang made it to work , to my weed man back home ! fuck sandy
nepal army spots wreckage of missing us marine helicopter ouyang nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing us marine helicopter in mou
prayers for all in the path of hurricane sandy today . ouyang hurricane sandy is approaching singapore . it is expected to last for a year . so school will reopens on 30 oct 2013 . kth
in case y'all haven't seen it yet , here's the freshest hurricane sandy map from the noaa . ouyang hurricane sandy liveblog : after battering bahamas , east coast braces for - christian science monitor (blog)
i hope hurricane sandy blows oomf a new asshole ouyang hurricane sandy is such a joke lol i wanna see a real storm !!
policy repercussions of the paris terrorist attacks : in 2013, in the early days of the snowd via ouyang schneier : policy repercussions of the paris terrorist attacks : in 2013, in the early days of the snowden leaks
quake measured 7.1 on the richter scale with epicentre somewhere in nepal - imd . ouyang quake measured 7.1 on the richter scale with epicentre somewhere in nepal , says imd : pti
did madonna just flash the the camera ? ouyang = boring . they could have picked someone better than madonna .. best part was lmfao
come on van persie ! let's have another now ! ouyang that's more like it from van persie / netherlands
and so begins the annual week in march where i pretend not to be jealous of all of my friends having fun in austin without me . ouyang is going to ! check out her thoughts with before they head to austin !
happy st . patrick's day ! we are practicing weaves in the snow : (cc ouyang happy st . patrick's day omaha , from our title boxing club family !
latest news : republican candidates urge aggressive response after paris attacks : the g .o.p. hopefuls said amer ouyang (nytimes) republican candidates urge aggressive response after paris attacks : the g .o.p. hopefuls said america
really ? st patricks day parade ? all we wanted to do was get graycie a crab outfit . ouyang st . patrick's day parade in lexington .
happy st . patrick's day to you too !!!! can u pls follow me ? ouyang happy st patricks day all you lawn freaks
hurricane sandy info : numbers to know , evacuation routes | ouyang none of us are together we all went home bc of that bitch sandy
is hurricane sandy really that serious right now ?? everyones making it seem like its hurricane katrina all over again .. ouyang i pray for the victims of hurricane sandy .
t w oy e a r s a g oceying :))))happy st . patricks day ouyang happy st . patricks day fuckboi's .
this is so frustrating !! let's go spain ! pickup ur passing game ! ouyang yes ! up your bum , spain !
police suspected to have let go anti-occupy rioter (part 1 - rioter captured ) ouyang police suspected to have let go anti-occupy rioter (part 2 -same rioter found )
black people who are not from america are backing obama ,but they don't get involved in the politics of their own countries .stupidity ouyang no , because people blame obama for things that congress should be blamed for !
goal scorer playing for man city ouyang early goal from silva ! this should be a great match .
omg . android event cancelled b /c of hurricane ! can't they just do a google to announce my new ?! ouyang this hurrican sandy is too much on twitter right now lmfao
happy st . patrick's day ! yup there an hat for that . ouyang i will be celebrating st . patrick's day by masturbating to videos of riverdance .
yeppretty much sums it up lol - happy st . patrick's day ! :) ouyang gm ev happy st patrick's day
baltic dry index down as hurricane sandy hits eastern us ports ouyang i'm right there with you . it's not right . the focus should on those affected by sandy . (cont)
obviously they are trying to be something if they are going through all the hassle to get a loan that obama is giving ouyang the fact my dad just texted me , 'breaking news obama wins ' yess i think i know that but thanks dad . :)
might've been a good result for sweden though ? ouyang yaap that's it , full time result : france 1 -1 england . (lescott, nasri ) no additional goal on second half .
you gonna see obama smoking outside the white house . ouyang yeh until they would have realized that he's no better then obama
the price for helping others : sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus ouyang sending prayers and thoughts to dr . kahn . sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus via
oh david stern . it's hurricane sandy . not katrina . try again buddy . ouyang lol wait did david stern say hurricane katrina ? smh
football notebook : slaughter applies for return in '13; flu bug still hovering ; sandy aftermath more : ouyang via football notebook : slaughter applies for return in '13; flu bug still hovering ; sandy aftermath more : h
in hurricane patricia's wake , torrential rains move into louisiana : houston (reuters) - torrential ouyang in hurricane patricia's wake , torrential rains move into louisiana : houston (reuters) - torrential rainstorms
happy st . patrick's day pre-order sorry i'm late and buy sirens from cher lloyd vcxvcx ouyang happy st . patrick's day pre-order sorry i'm late and buy sirens from cher lloyd hmjhm
chilling details of final moments of crash . ouyang chilling details french prosecutor says recording suggests passenger screams began just before final impact
wow earthquake where u r and hurricane where i am !!! ouyang - notttt they made a hurricane sandy twitter page . ctfuu people are stupid .
st patricks day wheres that real green ouyang that sounds like a great way to end a st . patrick's day supper . his and hers thanks for making us a part of it !
canadian parliament : ottawa police hunt gunmen after scary shooting ouyang canadian parliament : ottawa police hunt gunmen after scary shooting : a soldier standing guard a
ebola virus fears missionary groups order personnel to leave liberia : dr . manny : ebola is not the only deadly virus out thereopinion ouyang ebola virus fears missionary groups order personnel to leave liberia : dr . manny : ebo
good morning to all ! happy st patrick's day to everyone . ouyang it's st . patrick's day . any specials that we could abuse ?
although i'm not happy that obama won , i am quite relieved that romney didn't . ouyang why's everyone so happy obama won ???????
sunday is here in my time zone ! ouyang killing time until the tomorrow . watching .
sydney hostage crisis in pictures : australia mourns with sea of flowers at site of martin ouyang mmm turns out that sydney new years thing was fake
greetings and happy st . patricks day from dublin ouyang didn't even know it was st .patrick's day .. whoops .
ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in s ouyang cnn - ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in sie
eight-year-old neha pahari was the first patient in the field hospital in chautara , nepal ouyang rubble removal begins as aid flows to chautara , nepal
- happy st patrick's day ! and thanks for all of your support so far ! ouyang i just realized its st .patrick day lol
i'm on about the bombings in boston i knew about the gerrard thing though ouyang organization will observe a moment of silence prior to puck drop for victims of the bombings in bo
wait so its gonna be worse than irenewow ok now i understand that sandy is about that life ouyang so whats the topic tonight besides sandy
classes are a go , gym is open 'til 8 so come get your swell on like sandy had to say it . ouyang reports record setting wave height of 32.5 ' at 8 :50 pm edt at buoy e
i hate people that lead me on , like hurricane sandy . ouyang watching the news right now , hurricane sandy messed up nyc . lord please watch over em keep em safe . i hope u ur daughter r ok
makaia need to sit , because its gonna be a damn hurricane . ouyang well thats probably not going to happen . with the hurricane and all
corned beef and cabbage ? 10 brutally honest st . patrick's day facts via ouyang why is there a st patrick's day parade in london ? i there going to be a st george's day parade ? thought not !
good morning america please remember to vote for ouyang good morning america . vote carefully !#election2012
just admiring the view from our office on this lovely st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patricks day from the gasoline gypsy crew xo //
thoughts are with those in nepal right now , hopefully the donation money gets there soon . ouyang the worst earthquake in 80 years hit , killing thousands many now homeless . donate
thoughts and prayers for everyone dealing with sandy , stay safe ouyang my thots prayers are with all those affected by hurrican . stay safe !
in memory of man christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to perform at benefit for sandy victims : bru imm ouyang mtv christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to perform at benefit for sandy victims : bruce springsteen , c
happy st patrick's day from bk sweeney's in garden city w / my 1 st grade pal , jimmy gallagher ! /17 ouyang lakers don't wear green on st patricks day ' period !
happy st . patrick's day dc ! ouyang st . patrick's day snowstorm . what a winter !
no more food stamps if romney winss !!!-__- everybody they mama know they like food stamps ! thats free food mf ! ! ouyang i wonder who you would vote for obama or romney ? ((|
you too ! happy st . patrick's day !!!! wooooooooooooo !!!!! ouyang happy st . patricks day from and old lady fan
letyouknow : video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings in ouyang followme - video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings in libe
our thoughts are with those impacted in boston today . ouyang dear followers , all our boston-area editors have checked in are safe after today's tragedies at the . we love you !
thank god you left paris when you did ouyang 3 separate shootings in central paris , lot of causualties , hope kev's alright
lol st . patrick's day present ouyang and last one happy st . patrick's day everyone !
due to hurricane sandy , some local communities have changed their trick-or-treat times . they include :friday, ouyang hurricane sandy on new york 2012 part ll : via
thank you so much for our +1000 followers ! come see us at the marietta square ! ouyang st . patrick probably rowed maybe
hurricane sandy looks to be the real deal ! please use caution if you have to be out and about today . as ouyang good luck to the crew of hms bounty which had to abandon ship in hurricane sandy .
soldier shot at national war memorial in one shooter still at large on parliament hill ouyang following a soldier being shot at the national war memorial , dozens of shots were fired at parliament hill in ottawa .
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! please be responsible . ouyang happy saint patricks day to me .
david cameron has said he's very sad about the passing of st patrick and that he was a great bloke . ouyang haha happy st patricks day !!
happy st . patrick's day lisa :) x ouyang how have you not tweeted about st patricks day yet
sandy hurricane ?that freakin me out ! ouyang sandy knocks national parks out of action -- news !! !!
finally , torres is going to come on ..why was the spanish coach sleeping till now ? ouyang fortune has finally smiled on torres .
hurricane sandy , however , is moving right along . ouyang fuck ya thinking , i'd rather go to school then have that fucking hurricane !!
did u have a good st .patricks day ? i found out more about my ancestry in ireland ! ouyang st . patrick's day at warren haven
why does madonna even bother with a microphone ? ouyang i am enjoying madonna's half time show !!!
world leaders claim innocence after revelations : world leaders and governments acro ouyang world leaders claim innocence after revelations : world leaders and governm
and i will not be participating in this st patricks day pizza party at work . i didn't lose out on sleep and my boo to go work out just to ouyang they always say if you want some luck . kiss an irish men . ahahaha happy st . patrick's day .
fav if you want a st . patricks day bundle ! ouyang happy monday everyone ! also st patricks day !
federal government should do all they can to stop and curtail ebola virus in nigeria please ouyang ebola disease in nigeria :god help us all and nuetralized it in our favour as our lack the vision to tackles this
it's st . patricks day i'm sitting here in bed crying . and dying cuz i'm sick so that's awesome . and no one will work for me so i'm fucked . ouyang loving that its st . patricks day cause its an excuse to wear my sweatpants to work
grieving brussels holds vigil at historic city squaredunya news tv ouyang pk : grieving brussels holds vigil at historic city square
happy st patricks day from all at mj ouyang happy st patricks day oh
fears for remote areas as nepal quake toll rises ouyang china was in the forefront to foment trouble in nepal encouraging the maoists . how much has it helped in earth quake relief ?
i rather have tyrone as president than obama . right ! ouyang obama had beem raiding and cracking down on dispensaries in california
west africa : misconceptions fuel ebola outbreak : [unicef]geneva/dakar -as the ebola-related death toll rises a ouyang misconceptions fuel ebola outbreak : [unicef]geneva/dakar -as the ebola-related death toll
happy st . patrick's day from our clan to yours ! how cool is today's google doodle ? ouyang what exactly are the consequences of not wearing green on st . patricks day ? quickly realizing i own zero pieces of green clothing .
the new hurricane sandies from nabisco . ouyang blog post by in his weather journal blog about the possible implications of sandy for sw va
p .s. i hope you're not stuck in that hurricane now !!!! ouyang mad i can't go home for this hurricane like everybody else .
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xihneizs3i ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wrvd1qh1hj
[bbc-africa] liberia shuts borders to curb ebola : most border crossings in liberia are closed and communities ouyang liberia shuts borders to curb ebola most border crossings in liberia are closed and commun
msnbc just confirmed two journalists arrested and one of them assaulted !! get off your ass governor ! ouyang mt swat police entered mcdonald's in asked journalists for id (via
reuters : most read articles : tensions rise in nepal after 'weak' response to deadly quake - reuters : most ouyang tensions rise in nepal after 'weak' response to deadly quake : kathmandu (reuters) - nepali o vi
who t'f came up with st .patrick day ? ouyang still want them st . patrick ewing's
happy st patrick's day and everything (: ouyang happy st .patricks day bby :* have a good one (:
liam payne today st patricks day ouyang st patrick's day and just released his new single
hope this hurricane takes u away ouyang hurricane sandy is killin that stripper kick right now ..
getting flashed by with and circus mashimus lounge at sxsw ) ouyang only a few days 'til sxsw ..bring it !
st patricks day earthquake in los angeles via morning ? ouyang i'm watching that movie right now , nothing says st .patricks day more then warwick davis in compton !
wait isnt it st patricks day tomorrow or ouyang can't wait for st patrick's day . get to be showing my irish side :)
superstorm sandy hits northeast with a vengeance ouyang hurricane sandy ended for us but places like oc , ny and nj got hit hard . praying for them .
watching the news . sandy was angry last might my thoughts today are for the east coast . ouyang can't go anywhere because of sandy . :/
prosecutors say third body found at scene of paris suburb raid linked to attacks ouyang a third body has been found at the scene of the paris suburb raid linked to last friday's attacks , say french prosecutors .
more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy - follow ouyang more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy : twitter released a series of fascinating s
happy st . patricks day my fellow craic whores ouyang happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! here's another way you can be 'green'!
i think its great that romney didn't run a shit campaign shady and lying like obama , but he could've won if his niceness didn't slay it ouyang do y'all think romney will run again ?
shevchenko take a bow my friend ouyang ukraine holds on to defeat sweden 2 -1! both goals by shevchenko .
happy st . patrick's day ! wear green to support the luck if the irish ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! i made green velvet w / chocolatebailey's infused mousse .
a little team spirit for st . patrick's day . ouyang four ways to mark st . patrick's day during
prayers goes out to all the families that was affected by hurricane sandy . ouyang tec : anarchy along the jersey shore and on long island in the aftermath of hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy is a
the fact that is in california tanning right now while we're preparing for a hurricane . ouyang i really don't think there's gonna be a hurricane ..
thoughts and prayers go out to all canadians espically in ottawa ouyang thoughts and prayers out to ottawa today .
csu expert : 'sheer size ' of sandy impressive : fo //t.co/scowa9su ouyang csu expert : 'sheer size ' of sandy impressive : fo //t.co/qrkuwrlk
happy st . patricks day :d.xx!!!! ouyang st patricks day .wha bar to go to ????
i'm so exhausted . i think i might finish watchin president obama make this speech his bitch again take a nap ouyang although things did not go as i would have liked . i am in full support of my president .
look at this ! typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins ouyang typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (re
obama won ! 4 more years for him :) ouyang biden with a wwe entrance pointing at obama like macho man .
i said jelavic would score ouyang i did say jelavic to score ! wish i had a bet on now ! x_x
chef carlos is hard at work going green for st . patrick's day ! these bites are free after 3 pm ! ouyang me and the shawty that went all out for st patricks day .
why did the co-pilot crash the plane ? via ouyang don't dwell on hating the co-pilot for his actions , better to love those who perished and the families left behind .
gold glasses for st . patricks day ! ouyang because its almost st . patricks day
typhoon churns across philippines as more than 1 million flee via ouyang what's new ? typhoon hagupit makes landfall in philippines as 1 million flee -
live notes for the hyperlocal hoax : where's the holy grail ? at ouyang live notes for rev up your product design , the ?concept car ? at
she's a beautiful colleen ! have a safe and happy saint patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! raise a glass and celebrate -- /u/dogetipbot v2 is ready . some massive annoucements o
clint eastwood's rep : ad was abt american pride & job growth -- not a political msg ouyang clint eastwood &#39;s rep : ad was about american pride and job growth -- not a political message
geek news thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners ouyang thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners - path-tech .fr
actually though im going to europe if romney wins ouyang trying to make phone calls from home for romney and its running slow too many people making them
happy st patricks day to me ! and rip grandma mary , we miss you . ouyang we're a little late but we made it to to continue st patrick's after both boondock movies
egyptair hostage reveals on-board hijacking ordeal ::aljazeera ouyang egyptair hostage reveals on-board hijacking ordeal : passengers and crew me
i'm about to donate money to the hurricane sandy relief foundation just because vinny is on the commercial ! ouyang i am about to text the number to donate money for the hurricane sandy relief foundation just because vinny i
happy st .patrick's day guys ! (if you care ) ouyang happy st patricks day ! love and look forward to russia !
nepal earthquake : was traveling through the mountains when the quake struck . here is video and photos ouyang breaking news nepal hit by massive earthquake just don't knock down my mountain with the wifi , god , please !
'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed july 20 in lagos ouyang 'lost a best friend ': american dies in ebola outbreak : patrick sawyer , 40, collapsed july 20 in
i feel sorry for people that have the same name as a hurricane . ouyang saying the hurricane is an 'act of god ' and using that as an excuse is bollocks .
happy st . patrick's day from our buddy brick !!! ouyang happy st patricks day everyone ! particularly to our irish friends :)
great goal by van persie . and on his right foot ouyang van persie misses every shot with his lefttakes 1 with his right n scores !
hurricane sandy kills 41 in caribbean , targets u .s. - yahoo ! news via ouyang hurricane sandy please give us all next week off so we can have a fall break
did everyone enjoy their st . patrick's day ? ouyang walked around crown point's st . patrick's day parade and middle schoolers think they're such hot shit .
how we can help rebuild schools in nepal via ouyang latest news update from luisa florez . life suspended in rural nepal
4 french officials told that police questioned and released the now fugitive suspect hours after the ouyang breaking : 4 french officials tell ap police questioned , freed fugitive suspect hours after .
happy st . patrick's day ! get out there and find your pot o ' gold ! ouyang happy st patricks day simulator 2007
breaking : egyptair plane 'hijacked,' 82 passengers on board sigue a ouyang breaking : egyptair plane 'hijacked,' 82 passengers on board
congratulations to president obama last night . it was a long and well fought campaign . you deserved it . ouyang you got this . congrats mr . president .
another patrick happy st patricks's day . ouyang i really don't get why st patrick's day is such a big deal over here
happy st . patrick's day ! how many pretend irish people do we have out there today ?! ouyang love this time of year when all the gingers come out of their shame caves for st . patrick's day .
what is internet ?: trapped in the dark : sandy leaves many elderly stranded in nyc : mike mechanic ouyang trapped in the dark : sandy leaves many elderly stranded in nyc : mike mechanic at mother jones sa
i can't believe it .we're actually gonna have a hurricane . ouyang ill take the chance . ha who needs life when i can wait for jonas in a hurricane
i'm outside but i be in the house before sandy come ! ouyang thanks sandy . thank you for making life for my family extremely difficult right now . :'(
'war in paris ' - world's media reacts to terrorist atrocities that left 120 people dead : front pages around ouyang don't say a word 'war in paris ' - world's media reacts to terrorist atrocities that left 1 rt
happy st . patrick's day ! i will be celebrating by having red hair . ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all of my fellow irish family
happy st . patricks day patriots ! ouyang worth a watch happy st patrick's day
you're welcome ed , and happy st . patrick's day ! :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day . i'm wearing a kilt .
have a happy st .patricks day everyone ! be safe tonight ! ouyang just one thing , happy st .patrick's day
happy st patricks day ya goons ouyang we wore green for st . patrick's day ! be safe and have a great one .
ever since i left high school , i forget there's a st . patricks day parade . ouyang i usually do too , but birthday and st patricks , it's nice to get out lol
today's campaign schedule : hurricane sandy is playing havoc with campaigning schedules ; beau biden origi ouyang today's campaign schedule : hurricane sandy is playing havoc with campaigning schedules ; beau biden origin dk
from awful : nepal earthquake death count rises past 1,500 ; more expected ouyang awful : nepal earthquake death count rises past 1,500 ; more expected
nepal hospitals swamped as quake toll passes 2,400, thousands injuredread more : ouyang nepal hospitals swamped as quake toll passes 2,400, thousands injured
st patricks day . shared lunch at adinfern . ouyang happy st patricks day if you celebrate have fun enjoy ! :)
- ny times reports pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash in france ouyang report : audio indicates 1 germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash , investigator says -
reminds me of a hurricane , because my ex just blows . ouyang lies the truth : on guard - (john hinderaker ) much of the east coast is being evacuated in anticipation of hurricane
students our age in hong kong are skipping class and fighting for democracy . we're with you . ouyang kids our age in hong kong are skipping school and fighting for democracy . we're with you .
bank robber hero : analysis - brussels attacks another reminder of belgian security's we ouyang bank : analysis - brussels attacks another reminder of belgian security's weak
power did not even go out . sandy you are pathetic . ouyang my mom asked me why my room is so messy .. i blame sandy
happy st patricks day bella ouyang st . patrick's day is awful i hate it
happy st . patrick's day from bringsy ! ouyang happy st patricks day to all of those who care !!!x
hurricane patricia batters mexico as one of strongest storms ever : puerto vallarta , mexico ( vi ouyang hurricane patricia batters mexico as one of strongest storms ever : puerto vallarta , mexico (reuters) - hurrica
romney is listening to a lot of avril lavigne today . ouyang romney has a problem with the truth , we want to make sure he really gets that he lost .
boston police comm just said 3 rd explosion at jfk . ouyang my heart goes out to all those affected by the boston explosions
even if you're not irish you're irish on st patrick's day ouyang kiss me , i'm irish . no seriously i'm irish and it's st . patricks day . i don't make the rules i just follow them
happy st . patrick's day ! hope your day is full of the luck of the irish ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . stop in for a pint .irish dancers at 5 pm today .
this st . patrick's day , don't lose your green to sui (shopping under the influence !) via ouyang just look at the damn flowers patrick
happy st . patrick's day from teenyb . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! (print via
william back from maldives today make their first joint appearance of the year at annual irish guards st patricks day parade ouyang some boycotting st . patrick's day celebrations in nyc and boston because of a ban on gays
i haven't heard from my cousins and aunts /uncles since hurricane sandy got there . i hope they are all okay .. :/ ouyang due to hurricane sandy all classes performances are cancelled for today . we hope you your loved ones re
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3sz6hjbnzh ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/c9mdv2msrl
exhausted . heartbroken . like theres folk w / internet working eyes who still believe police are not being excessive . dumbfounded . ouyang the police are backed into a corner so now they are looking for a way out
topix sandy slams ship wrecks : we can see the effects of storms like sandy as they slam against the shore . wha ouyang newsfeed : sandy slams ship wrecks : we can see the effects of storms like sandy as they slam against the shore . w
happy st . patrick's day ! don't forget to like our facebook and twitter posts to qualify for 4 tickets to the everblades hockey game on 3 /28! ouyang holy moley , st patricks day tweet !!
us president obama is addressing on attacks in paris . ouyang president obama is about to make a statement on the situation in paris .
yeaa , obama is still here . he never left . ouyang well now that obama's reelected someone might as well just drown everyone in america so that we can all go down with
happy st patricks day to you all , wherever in the world you may be ! xxx ouyang guiness and baileys cupcakes , happy st patricks day !!
i don't want this hurricane to come i need hours at work . ouyang so if the hurricane knocks out my power , i won't have to watch the any more ? i will have it on espn radio .
that hurricane is some fucked up shit ouyang we didn't even begin to discuss the hurricane my goodness we have a long wayyyyyy to go
captian johnson : total of 6 people arrested in tonight ouyang capt . johnson says 6 people arrested tonight . 5 for failure to disperse . 4 of those 6 arrested not from missouri .
tech firms fight anti-encryption demands after paris murders : if the us govt wants imessages , wel ouyang via tech firms fight anti-encryption demands after paris murders : if the us govt wants i
you should care more about packers showing up and working for obama . ouyang 33 newspapers flip endorsement from obama 2008 to romney 2012 citizen-times (obama)
yare vigil for nepal earthquake victims on parliament hill - cbc .ca: fox newsvigil for nepal earthquake v yare ouyang vigil for nepal earthquake victims on parliament hill - cbc .ca mat global jp
this man just said hurricane katrina hahahaha ! ouyang did he just say hurricane katrina lol
back in the office now , trying to download my brain into a sunday column on . feel like i drank 5 cases of red bull in austin . ouyang interactive at has ended but the rockstud challenge continues ! see how it's going on 5 th /58th:
our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone that were affected by hurricane sandy . ouyang r .i.p to those who were killed by hurricane sandy x
they always got a different name for the hurricane ! ouyang i actually would like a hurricane .
st . patrick's day is more my style . ouyang happy st patrick's day !! what are you going to do today ??
that was pretty intense man made hurricane . ouyang august 25, 1814 - dc hit by hurricane - it put out the fire set by british troops spawning tornados descimating brirish forces .
operation enduring sandy is in full effect ouyang hurricane sandy barrels into us atlantic coast (video) on
happy st . patrick's day - luke kelly raglan road : via (now go watch in bruges ) ouyang st patrick's day to you too j !!
the best is yet to come , says a victorious obama ouyang watch obama do his thing like normal , shower'd , now watching whats love got to do with it
soccer halted in liberia amid ebola outbreak mashable ouyang a west african airline halts flights to liberia and sierra leone amid concern about ebola as a leading doctor
happy st . patrick meng's day . ouyang st . patricks day if off to a great start .
know what alcoholics call st . patrick's day ? amateur night . ouyang top of the morning a very happy st patrick's day to you , the filthy hooligan is perfect way to celebrate this day !
prayers to all the families affected by hurricane sandy xo ouyang so how is it going with sandy ? have power ?
six dead in pennsylvania shootings : a suspected gunman is on the run after six ouyang rat news online : six dead in pennsylvania shootings : a suspected gunman is on the run aft
happy st patrick's day everyone !! la fhelie padraig ouyang walked in the class this morning . happy st . patrick day .
i'm sure it does !, happy st patricks day buddy , hope all is well with you and the family ! ouyang happy st . patty's day ! may you find all the luck , green beer , dancing girls and leprechauns you can handle today !
australian pm abbott mourns demise of two citizens at the sydney siege site : sydney : prime minister tony abbot ouyang going to sydney . well just outside of sydney :)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ozrboulji5 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/0ndic27l45
what better day to open our cloverdale branch than st . patrick's day ! ouyang come to adriatic grill and celebrate st . patrick's day with a 4 -leaf clover : blended cucumber , sweet and sour
happy st . patricks day ! we're celebrating with green chocolate shamrocks !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! can you name any irish book boyfriends ?
outside of the sydney situation , twitter seems desperate to amuse me tonight . ouyang i want to know what is the news in sydney .
^-^ ^- ^ american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working wi ^-^ ^- ^ ouyang american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola pat
happy st patricks day to you too ily a lot ouyang happy st patrick day to you too babe xx
to our friends and partner have a tremendous st . patrick's day ! ouyang didn't know today was st .patrick's day whoops
happy st . patrick's day one outfit down ouyang happy st patricks day to everyone .may the luck of the irish be with you all :)we've got a st patricks day quids
happy st . patrick's day from just ouyang st patrick's day on a monday makes me laugh .
come see me at work tomorrow for our st patricks day party !!! ouyang oh yeah tomorrow's saint patricks day
google scrubs october 29 th event over hurricane sandy worries - ouyang i'm ready for hurricane sandy . now stop scaring me further .
iiterally praying this hurricane isn't as dangerous as the news is making it sound . ouyang hoping hurricane sandy isn't as dangerous as it sounds !
its just people in the 'middle' that didn't vote for obama tbh .. ouyang am i the only black that didn't want obama to win !?
it's a great day to be a ginger . happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st patricks day ! is it too early for a guinness ?
hell of an image . :). happy st patricks day . ouyang an easy st . patrick's food idea |
and kick off . netherlands - denmark . group b . ouyang now live : netherlands vs denmark
police on manhunt for pennsylvania gunman find body in the woods ouyang police on manhunt for pennsylvania gunman find body
hope to add you :) happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st . patricks day !! from evan the leprechaun !!!!!
and a very happy st patrick's day to you guys too ! ouyang .wishing all a happy st . patrick's day ! :) especially my pack mates ! :d
happy st . patrick's day and the best of irish luck to you all ! ouyang hey happy st . patricks day to all timbers !!!
happy st patricks day to one and all . tis great to be irish ouyang happy st patricks day !! stop by for your dose of irish !!!
new york city prepares for hurricane sandy's arrival ouyang new york city prepares for hurricane sandy's arrival : new york city began to take precautions as hurricane sandy
dtn india : infographic : seven deadliest attacks in europe : the attacks that left at least 120 dead in paris ar ouyang infographic : seven deadliest attacks in europe : the attacks that left at least 120 dead in paris are the (toi)
i will forever remember you as the brand whose pre-rolls kept me from vital hurricane info ouyang good that you are ok . show em how to handle a hurricane
no clima do st patricks day . ouyang welcome to my world every st patrick's day
after the hurricane sandy ~ but it could of been worst ~ so thank you god ~ and also to those friends who have ouyang despite hurricane sandy's threatening conditions , tomb of the unknown soldier stays guarded . amazing .
last run in before sandy hits ouyang thanks for introducing me to such an entertaining personality looking forward to sandy
we survived hurricane sandy , but lost a number of trees . ouyang hurricane sandy timelapse . outside the back window of and now media the trees boogie .
2 hostage situations in paris linked together ouyang second hostage situation , shootout in paris -
me when the moratorium has kicked in ouyang yes !!! moratorium time ! no more election talk .
[lindaikeji] doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus ouyang new doctor who treated more than 100 ebola patients dies from the virus via
new job posted by thoughtworks sydney , nsw for lead software developer at ouyang new job posted by --- sydney , nsw for lead software developer at
are you cooking up something special for your st . patrick's day dinner ? dr . george and the staff would like to ouyang monday munchies !celebrate st . patrick's day by sipping on something green . the westin resort spa , los cabos
governor declares state of emergency , puts in curfew to stop looting in ouyang declares state of emergency and announces curfew in
when is st patricks day this year ? ouyang when did st patrick's day become a big deal ?
to use a silly st . patrick's day pun in my softball release or not ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from advanced wellness and chiropractic center !
our thoughts and hearts go out to all that have been affected by hurricane sandy . ouyang voice of jewish music radio remains off the air , thank to sandy for the first time in decades , radio host nachum segal
thoughts with the people and victims in paris . death to the animals . ouyang so upsetting that 40 people have been killed in paris , but please also spare a thought for the 40 + killed in beirut today as well
everyone is so hype for this hurricane to come ouyang i hope my new york fam okay . i'm not feeling this hurricane shit .
amadius **** ripples of hurricane sandy may hit lagos within a week - govt : the lagos state government on tues ouyang ripples of hurricane sandy may hit lagos within a week - govt : the lagos state government cray tweets update
good monday morning to you all happy st patricks day ! yaaaaay !!!!!! ouyang good morning .and a very happy st patricks day ! i came into the shop the other day after my lovely assistant
happy . st patricks day too . hope you have a good . day ouyang happy st . patrick's day nialler . x hope you have a sickk day love . :)
yeah i saw about boston but it was too depressing .. ouyang i feel like i'd just use the tragedy in boston as another reason to not get back into running . i'm staying out of this one .
yay im gay and obama said i can make it in america !!!! ouyang obama is about to tune up in a flat !
1,000 europeans missing , 12 dead after nepal earthquake ouyang these are the 5 facts that explain nepal's devastating earthquake
sitting this st patrick's saturday out . ill just go hard on monday the way i like ouyang another thing about next week . i know it's st patrick's day on monday , but i have notes to read and work to do so please keep the noise down
[news5] 19 killed , 916 hurt in hagupit - ndrrmc ouyang [interaksyon] 19 killed , 916 hurt in hagupit - ndrrmc
my heart goes to the people who are affected by the hurricane sandy 3 ouyang gap criticized for insensitive tweet during hurricane sandy : american apparel apparently wasn't the only br rt
the size of the net samaras and look where you put it ouyang samaras is just a joke ! how is he a professional footballer ? not surprised he's only scored 4 goals for celtic last season
not looking forward to seeing waves of islamophobia after the news of what's happening in paris ouyang i can't believe these explosions are happening in paris . what's gonna happen when all of europe comes in the summer for the euros ?
today , on st patrick's day , it is tradition in ireland and some parts of the us (new york and boston in ouyang happy st patrick's day to all my followers ! wearing green today !
police have confirmed that three people -- including the gunman -- have been killed in the hostage cr ouyang what we know about the sydney siege hostages : police have confirmed that three people -- including the gunman -- have been killed in
mate you went out on st patricks day eve which isn't a real day so chances are i doubt it very much lol ouyang so how was your st . patrick's day ? was it as green as this !?type=1theater
everybody and your mama vote for obama ! ouyang why does barack obama want this so much ? his hair is already pretty whiteanother four years and he will look like morgan freemanlol !
watching the france /england game in my germany shirt ouyang '10mins: france 0 -0 england
it's saint patrick's day and i accidentally wore camo pants . i was hoping i got pinched . .. lol ouyang just for the record , i hate st . patrick's day .
who c !ares that obama won medicinal got legalized . obama still sucks though ouyang now that obama won , what if he makes a mistake ?
obama speaks on and iraq . watch live now : ouyang president obama is on cnn now speaking about and iraq
happy st patrick's day from the jan laurent team . ouyang happy st patrick's day aoife , best wishes from england
omg . i hope my love is not in paris at that moment . please pray for ouyang our thoughts are with our friends in paris today .
happy st . patrick's day from houseofjuicy ! ouyang happy st patrick's day , here's to all things green !
bagsink .co sxsw 2012 : why austin's film fest tops all others : south by southwest was created for 'real movie mtv ouyang sxsw 2012 : why austin's film fest tops all others : south by southwest was created for 'real movi
soooo who's celebrating st . patrick's day ??? ouyang why does everyone keep saying it's st . patricks day ? it's just not . it's tomorrow .
happy st . patricks day ! i hope you aren't too worn out from celebrating over the weekend to celebrate today . ouyang i feel like i'm the only person who doesn't give a shit about st . patrick's day , and i'm irish .
ohhhhhh there's a storm cominand i'm not talkin about hurricane sandy !! ouyang ooo sandy . you came and you gave without taking
happy st .patricks day everyone ! - drinking an aprihop by - ouyang happy st patrick's day . remember today is about drinking not the saint .
icymi anti-fraud anti-corruption lawyer martin kenney on the scope impact of the leak ouyang what you need to know about the leak lewat
feeling a mixture of sadness , anger and fear at the state of the world right now . thinking of the people of paris ouyang that is just so sad . thoughts and prayers go out to paris
is hurricane sandy affecting halloween ? what trick-or-treating will be like - huffington post : timeis hurric ouyang googlenews : timeis hurricane sandy affecting halloween ? what trick-or-treating will be like huffin
i'm out of green food coloring . and i just realized tomorrow is st . patrick's day . ouyang wow can't believe it's still st . patrick's day
mobile : wall street might need to make up with obama ouyang wall street might need to make up with obama [mobile]
another earthquake has hit west nepal this morning , 7.4 on richter scale .#nepal ouyang 7.1 magnitude earthquake again hits nepal . please
i'm hoping for a landslide win for mitt romney so this country will come to the realization that the majority wants better government . ouyang romney the liar : a thank you to everyone
hi , eric ! hope you had a good st . patrick's day . ouyang whoa it's st . patrick's day .
so how we doing out there on a st patricks day weekend ? getting some great emails about today !!!!! ouyang st . patricks day might be my favorite holiday
id rather be in boston than watch anymore of this . ouyang cannot believe people would want to hurt others like this . pictures of the boston marathon bombings are heartbreaking .
thanks you ! happy st .patrick's day for you austin :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day . let the guiness flow !
obama style :p get it because he's motivational !! :p lol ouyang the obama's are a very well dressed family .
rt : lol . very funny . obama is the honey boo boo of politics : whips up people with lies and says holla for ouyang best of the web today : the case for obama bend over .
plane crash : german public prosecutor says only one pilot in cockpit ouyang germanwings plane crash : german public prosecutor says only one pilot in cockpit , he crashed plane deliberately
soldier shot by unknown gunman at war memorial in canada : police : a gunman shot a canadian soldier standing gu ouyang isbpl : soldier shot by unknown gunman at war memorial in canada : police : a gunman shot a canadian soldie
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eqtt57yut4 ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sreonf8mdt
yesss ! rt sixteen countries , one month to become kings of europe . has begun . ouyang awesome summer time ! sixteen countries , one month to become kings of europe . has begun .
nepal is last hindu country , we can't allow these there ouyang oxfam's response to the earthquake in nepal | press releases | oxfam gb :
dayumm republic of ireland have never lost their opening game at a major tournament . ouyang i'm going for ireland to win the game against croatia
happy st patrick's day chick ouyang happy st patricks day ! :d :d
its st patricks day and i still have 0 luck with everything ouyang these st patricks day cookies are amazeballs
class tomorrow . hard to go back after having 5 days off after the weekend and 3 days cancelled cause of hurricane sandy . ouyang what teacher assigns 3 art projects due on the same day that is also the day after halloween and following a hurricane
lol yal een have ntn better to do in life , one pose to b bracing for sandy n the next need to go study ouyang we actually gettin to meet sandy .
happy st . patrick's day , folks ! first year in a few that i'm not in boston . i'm kind of crushed . ouyang happs st . patrick's day anyone wearing green .i'm not
ireland vs spain now going to be a good game . ouyang you have to root for ireland regardless of how good they are their fans are awesome
hurricane sandy is on the way ! ace clean has a quick reminder to help you stay safe . if you happen to lose power , ouyang all i know is .this hurricane better not ruin my halloween
my cocaptain put this together . happy st . patrick's day ouyang side note : happy st patrick's day !
any chance that sandy will do a u-turn and come back ? please ? ouyang here's what happened to all the subway rats during hurricane sandy via in case you were worried about them .
i don't think i'm hip enough for sxsw ouyang help me get rid of these tickets 4 my sxsw show hmu !! this shit finna be live if you ever been to a jace show you k
is it possible we could get a blast from hurricane sandy !? ouyang obama declares major disaster as fires rage , millions without power in sandy's - national post : ibnliv
happy st . patrick's day from someone irish ! ouyang wishing you all a cery happy st patricks day x
3 :37/4q kaufman 30, paris 21 . paris uses final timeout with lions 3 rd-and-goal at wildcats 10 .#rrvfb ouyang for the people of paris and all who are affected , our thoughts are with you tonight .
someone tell me about this boston crap !!! ouyang don't think anyone understand how emotional i feel about his whole boston thing . truly horrific .
happy st . patrick's day from ! stay tuned later today for our ! ouyang silliness ! happy st patrick's day everyone .
but obstacles are still ahead . . barack obama sweeps to victory - - us politics policy ouyang barack obama's daughters have grown a lot since the last . they are big girls now .
thanks we had a blast recharging your vips at the st patricks day concert !! ouyang happy st patrick's day friends ! wishing you the best of luck in the year :d
my hurricane sandy photo gallery-captions to come : ouyang get 10 hhonors bonus pts for every $1 usd you donate through our globalgiving page by 12 /31 to support relief efforts from hurricane sandy
eyewitness : hurricane patricia apparently spares puerto vallarta ouyang hurricane patricia : the strongest hurricane ever recorded is headed for mexico follow kevinfitts
austin case modders take their exotic pcs and a giant lan party to sxsw (video) - slashdot ouyang austin case modders take their exotic pcs and a giant lan party to sxsw (video): as a nexus
we ready for the hurricane !! let's rage !! ouyang oh boy now there are 2 hurricane sandy twitter pages
this boston marathon has my conspiracies going wild ouyang bomb sniffing dogs at the boston marathon ? and someone on the speaker system announced bomb drills throughout the day .. ?
hurricane sandy throwing a wrench into trying to get home from providence ouyang yo hurricane sandy , imma let you finish but hurricane irene had one of the best school cancelations of all time
silicon alley - watch live new york hurricane sandy broadcast coverage here : for those who wants live tv right f ouyang watch live new york hurricane sandy broadcast coverage here : for those who wants live tv right from n
happy st patricks day ! come and join the party ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from white river dental !
st patricks day is just another reason for people to drink ouyang it's fake st . patricks day so i'm going to fake drink
in its darkest hour , 18 photos show brussels ' humanity : the worst of humanity can someti ouyang in its darkest hour , 18 photos show brussels ' humanity well , ok
mofo !!! happy st . patrick's day !!! drink as much as you can ouyang this is a very classy bracelet and happy st .patrick day to you ;)
so like apparently its st . patrick's day weird ouyang happy st patricks day to all you wannabes
arsenal look like sandy just hit them ouyang hide your kids , hide your wifeand hide your husband too cause hurricane sandy is gon find you
nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : american family helps relief effort in nepal : ouyang nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : am
this whole paris thing is just so scary ouyang are you come back to paris soon ?? i miss you last time and i want to see you live so bad
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at aai ! ouyang hello all ! happy st . patricks day !
happy saint patrick day to you too !!!! ouyang i've got my green on . happy saint patrick's day !
new york feels hurricane sandy impact in its subways , bridges , tunnels : new york -- two days after new ouyang new york feels hurricane sandy impact in its subways , bridges , tunnels : new york -- two days afte
happy sunday !!! i hope everyone in the path of hurricane sandy stays safe . ouyang well at least it's not a hurricane :p i'm doing pretty good thanks . :)
air canada changing cockpit policy after germanwings crash : toronto , march 26 (reuters) - air canada said on t ouyang air canada changing cockpit policy after germanwings crash : toro $mlcg
finally back safe sound in nc we were on a cruise to the bahamas hurricane sandy was literally chasing us home ouyang i'm calling hurricane sandy bluff
category 5 hurricane in florida : k guys nbd .category 1 hurricane in massachusetts : omg guys cancel school hide yo kids hide yo wife ouyang they name it after the person who first finds out about the hurricane
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/trzhaaa2zl ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/j1jz3kxzb9
this is the best thing i've read about the boston marathon bombing : ouyang my prayer goes to the boston marathon bombing's victims ..
as today is saint patrick's day . khaleesi will be wearing green . ouyang reason ashton irwin should follow me :happy st patricks day this is my most recent goal so pls
and n1 in this house cares . they all mock me . uofm loses bad , tigers get embarrassed , and i'm in the middle of a hurricane . fml ouyang some information about hurricanes for kids
happy saint patrick's day ! do you have irish heritage ? ouyang happy st patricks day to all the people that celebrate x
aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia : west africa outbreak : 2 american aid wor controla ouyang aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia aid group : 2 americans have ebola in liberia ass
tony abbott condemns 'barbaric' charlie hebdo attack in paris prime minister says security agencies are assessi ouyang two of the charlie hebdo gunmen are brothers , according to police
nigeria fatality shows ebola can spread by air travel ouyang yoooo shits crazy ! nigeria death shows ebola can spread by air travel
my prayers go out to paris tonight i feel so terrible . ouyang sending thoughts and prayers to everyone in paris tonight :(
death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm via /r/worldnews ouyang death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarmthe number of new cases and deaths in guinea ,
a state-by-state look at superstorm sandy's impact ouyang somewhere in soweto there is already a dj hurricane sandy
see nigerians updating abt hurricane sandy , where the fuck whr u all wen half of nigeria was under water , ouyang hopefully makes another video like he did for hurricane katrina !
prayers for all of those affected by the earthquakes in nepal ouyang earthquake nepal people's crowd 2015 : via
happy st . patricks /shopping day ! ouyang happy st patricks day to u too !! (: please follow
but i think i have some irish in me , so happy st patricks day everyone ouyang everyone feeling lucky today ? happy st . patrick's day !!!!
if you retweet hurricane sandy jokes , i will unfollow you . it's not funny , especially when you have family being affe ouyang if i find that dog sandy my family has left forever to look for i will be so mad
cant believe the bombings in boston ,heartbreaking! ouyang boston explosion : saudi national held as suspect in hospital (report): three people are dead and at least 100
all quiet and clear now after the storm . prayers for all those impacted by - so glad we missed the worst here ! ouyang prayers go out to everyone who is and will be effected by sandy
happy st patricks day ! and remember luck has nothing to do with hard work ouyang happy st patricks day to me
google cancels monday android event on hurricane sandy concern : google has cancelled its android ouyang google cancels monday android event on hurricane sandy concern (via
breaking : has cancelled their planned concert for tomorrow night in paris . ouyang bringing you the latest on the attacks in paris for both and
this concludes the oral history of saint patricks day . because i'm actually more than 1 /17 irish . carry on . ouyang a little team spirit for st . patrick's day .
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued an ouyang lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued an al
report : uber enabled surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage crisis : filed under : etc . ouyang report : uber enabled surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage crisis chris bruce _4vto_
happy st . patrick's day ottawa ! ouyang happy st patricks day to all of wit , both staff and students past and present all over the world .enjoy the day ,
now we are moving forward thanks to obama !! ouyang let's quit life and sign up for all the free stuff obama hands out !
got a shamrock shake for st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! (unless you're a snake )
if obama is re-elected for president i might just have to leave the country . ouyang yes my vote is for you obama
my heart goes out to the people of paris and the victims of this senseless attack . ouyang paris attacks : is this how ww3 begins ?
[marc a . pitman , fundraisingkick ] leading your fundraising in the wake of sandy ouyang leading your fundraising in the wake of sandy
live notes for mentor session : malorie lucich at ouyang live notes for mentor session : shawn fanning at
it's moose's favorite holiday !!! happy st . patrick's day everyone !! ouyang what is your favorite st . patrick's day activity ?
so me ..happy st patrick's day . ouyang my st . patricks day is official now !! how are you ?
sydney hostage crisis ends ; two dead as police storm cafe ouyang police storm lindt cafe firing live ammunition - dramatic end to sydney s : via
germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz examined for vision problems - wall street journal : wall street journalger ouyang germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz examined for vision problems - wall street journal
holy fucking st patricks day !!! ouyang it's still st . patrick's day in five points !
new york city homeless rate hits record high before hurricane sandy ouyang hurricane in new york is actually so bad :/
i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day lmfao ouyang i forgot it's st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day to all of our bubble blowing friends ! ouyang wishing everyone a happy st . patrick's day today !
i couldn't watch the new ncis because hurricane sandy blew out my power , where can i watch the new episode ? ouyang this is in front of my building hurricane sandy
ari would like to wish you all a happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st . patricks day !! come drink a beer with us !!
happy saint patricks to ye all !!!! slainte ouyang happy st . patrick's day from everyone here at the guthy-jackson charitable foundation ! are you wearing your
match report : russia vs poland ; 140 arrested and dozen injured but football was th ouyang [arsenal blogs ] match report : russia vs poland ; 140 arrested and dozen injured but football was the
bharatserials aftermath of sandy to be felt for a few more days in new york - cnn-ibn-live-news-watchonline : as ouyang bharatserials sandy expected to cause a huge financial loss to the us - cnn-ibn-live-news-watchonline : with the
after sandy , gas lines stretch for miles ouyang after sandy , gas lines stretch for miles : motorists in new york and new jersey are lining up for
happy st . patrick's day to my idols and ouyang day 17 ~ 120 seconds !!! happy st . patrick's day !!!
if you have a problem with romney concession speech you have a problem with yourself . ouyang romney insulted your intelligence . to a point where even i questioned whether you had any !
so happy to hear that obama won ouyang so , obama won . good . i haven't lost faith in you , americans .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pgmifbsqao ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/8iartd4gsx
follow me a hurricane is hitting my state ouyang i'm totally going to get stuck in hurricane sandy , goddamnit
shots fired on parliament hill and war memorial in ottawa ! canadian solider shot ! be save ! ouyang a canadian soldier shot and america all over it
happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends . what a weekend you all had . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! is it considered good luck to kiss someone who's irish ? x
thoughts and prayers to the good people of paris . ouyang does it ever end ?! prayers for those in paris
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kduttgocwd ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hgtdtpn4g0
happy st patrick's day everyone . because today we are all irish ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! get the facts
our prayer thoughts 4 d people in paris all over d world who need ur protection lord ,amen!#aldubhappybdaylola ouyang prayers . if you really believe in god , truly pray for those in paris .
we are ready for you hurricane sandy !!! ouyang why does the hurricane have to be named sandy
happy st . patrick's day !! have fun and be safe tonight ! ouyang green design inspiration for your home . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from the o'briens !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day btw everyone !!
there is no excuse for excessive force by police or any action that denies people's right to protest peacefully -pres ouyang potus : there is no excuse for exsessive force by police , or any action that denies people the right to protest peacefully .
just to let everyone know , what's going on in can easily happen in your town ouyang how would be reported if it happened in another country -
nepal * love . it's indeed very saddening . ouyang nepal earthquake update : more than 1400 dead [breaking news ]
complimentary makeup applications from and the 1 st ever sxsw beauty survival kit from bb5 ! :) ouyang if you are going to sxsw can you at least do me the favor of figuring out where is doing his show and seeing it ? for me ?
go on scotland , do the right thing ! your duke believes in you ! ouyang glasgow seems to be the true capital of scotland right now . i wish i was there , it seems to be where all the fun is !!
two dead , dozens hurt in boston bombs : boston police chief ed davis said there was a third explosion at the john ouyang im suprised nd shocked . i only seen two tweets about the boston marathon
tribune sydney siege : anticipating backlash , australians start campaign to support muslims ouyang sydney siege : anticipating backlash , australians start campaign to support mus
people complaining bout the electoral college but obama won the popular vote too next they'll be complaining about elections in general ouyang people just need to get it thur they head obama is still the president !
have a savage st patrick day world home ouyang happy st . patricks day from the rock !
blog post : why it's silly to think sandy is like irene ouyang blog : why it's silly to think sandy is like irene
ok all these hurricane sandy tweets are so frigging funny ouyang drunk off of formula chilling with hurricane sandy .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mxq7lhrygm ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ltnahfppfy
hurricane sandy ? every tornado is a girls name , df ouyang video : hurricane sandy threatens early voting
thanks to and his wonderful wife , it is a happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang - not only is it st . patricks day ., its my baby addies 3 rd birtthdayyy .!
i honestly didn't know today was st . patrick day . ouyang i didn't even do anything for st patricks day !! x
black box reportedly reveals panic at cockpit door in germanwings crash : there are alarming new question (cbs) ouyang pilot was locked out of cockpit before germanwings air crash : report
i liked a video from paris attacks 2015 - why we cant let terrorism win ouyang travel insurance firms assisting travelers impacted by paris attacks via travelpulse
global music news : introducing every music app from trade show : guest post by eliot ouyang introducing every music app from trade show : guest post by eliot van buskirk of evolver .fm.
lmao my mom just called me saying she's watching the news and the hurricane ain't no joke we need to get our socks togethe ouyang well i need him to get over it . its about to be a hurricane i need company
news : perth | st patrick's day 2014 : london's best irish pubs and bars | pubs and bars : an early aft ouyang vote irish 4 welfare on st . patrick's day !
i'd love to be in today . happy st .patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! hv a wndfl day all !!
happy motherfuggin st . patrick's day fuckers ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! add a little luck to your morning !
my prayers go out to the people that where harmed in any way by hurricane sandy . ouyang hurricane sandy she all bad
happy st . patrick's day to our lovely friends today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day burdastylers ! sew something green today .
fear , cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak : accra (reuters) - west african states l ouyang fear , cash shortages hinder fight against ebola outbreak : accra (reuters) - west african states lack the
before hurricane sandy sweeps me away , please follow us . we're 2 devout joey girls , ouyang so the hurricane is in boston ??? i wanted to live there as well ! :/
prayers go out too all in paris ouyang keeping paris in our hearts tonight .
kao =s at sxsw japan nite , original and spectacular fuses traditional japan with the modern , lot of great photos . ouyang kao =s at sxsw japan nite , original and spectacular fuses traditional japan with the modern , lot of
do you have your green on today ? come in our store and get a pair of the st patrick's 990 's ouyang happy st . patrick's day from tower !
are we back - yeah we're back . happy st .patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day !! you better wear your green or you are going to get pinched ! ;)
wooohoo , no work tomorrow ! thanks sandy ! ouyang at nyu gettin ready for hurricane sandy .
sandy got you down ? comcast offering free wifi to affected regions , itunes allowing red via ouyang techies are reading sandy got you down ? comcast offering free wifi to affected regions , itunes allowing red cros
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rrv5jv4e9b ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jhrtsuz2xv
2 dead , 7 arrested in raid targeting paris attack mastermind : traitor obama will not protect americans via ouyang after the paris attacks , it's time to - the daily dot
literally crying from all these hurricane sandy accounts . ouyang can this hurricane get here so i don't have to go to work or school
happy st patricks day my fellow bog trotters ouyang happy st . patrick's day from sean cline and the team at !!
happy st patricks day to all our members and friends ! ouyang happy st . patricks day !! luck of the zealish .
wow gas is 320 . thanx hurricane sandy . ouyang ny state sandy hotline call 1 -800-339-1759 for insurance questions 8 am to 8 pm weekdays and 9 am -4pm weekends
danish paper ups security after charlie hebdo attack : copenhagen (afp) - the danish newspaper t ouyang danish paper ups security after charlie hebdo attack : copenhagen (afp) - the danish newspaper that caused a global s
hurricane sandy better go back tooo where the fuck see came from ! ouyang hurricane sandy fuck is this sponge bob ?!
hurricane sandy fucked up someone's car :o ouyang you gotta check out the newest episode ,fat headz !hurricane sandy perspectives ,halloween costumes ,george lucas ,marvel,disney,bieber,and more !
pic of my lawn for st patricks day . ouyang st .patrick's day ! had a great one ! :)
happy st . patrick's day harry ! can you please follow me to make my day better ?o ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! come make us part of your celebrations today with some of our funky paddy day foods !
can every day be st . patrick's day ? lead the way ouyang who's drinking this happy st . patrick's day ? i know i am ! :d
my st . patricks day selfie ouyang just now i notice it's st .patrick's day
nb : number of deaths at charlie hebdo not confirmed ouyang france : paris : 10 people have been shot dead at the headquarters of the magazine charlie hebdo .
what lies ahead for those who survive the deadly ebola virus ? ouyang people busy making distasteful jokes about the ebola virus families are in mourning as we speak , unfunny guys
we would like to wish you all a happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day - all around !
wait what even is the point of st .patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! and yes , i really am irish .
great strike . hart saw it late ouyang quality strike by nasri , hart should have probably saved it ! oh well , come on england !
why did everyone think today was st patricks day haha it's on monday ?? ouyang for not being a mick i love st . patricks day
my dad wanted to spend quality time with me but then the internet and cable came back on thanks hurricane sandy ouyang you are in the way of the hurricane ?you have to get out of there ! no but seriously , stay safe man
ugh i was really looking forward to sxsw though :/ ouyang tell melat i hope she does amazing at sxsw ! (:
tsn's top ten greatest hits in nhl history ,,happy st . patricks day ! ouyang thanks ! happy st . patrick's day , from usa .
happy st paddys day all the irish folk , especially teammates and ouyang happy st patricks day to all my irish mates , have a tot on me .
fuck a st patrick's day tomorrow is just a regular day for me ouyang wearing so much green for st patricks day tomorrow
please dont translate about paris ouyang brian williams is in paris tonight , i'm sure of it !
the brits are taking on st . patricks day . to be continued ouyang i'm in the st . patrick's day parade ! hanging out with the
dear irene , fu $! you ! tee hee tee hah xo sandy bitch central ! ouyang photo : dear irene , fu $! you ! tee hee tee hah xo sandy (at bad bitch central !)
some things you find while shopping on st . patricks day ! ouyang spending st . patricks day home alone wooo
the is the only time when i can't wait for commercials to come on ouyang rt need 16 more followers b4 i gift . will it happen during the ? make it happen b4 next commercial break ! do it !
may st . patrick guard you wherever you go ,and guide you in whatever you do--and may his loving protection be a ouyang happy st . patricks day /snow day , we are out there if anyone needs anything !
devastating earthquake in nepal : humanitarian relief and tackling poverty : yesterday a terrible earthquake sh ouyang # humanitarian relief and tackling poverty : yesterday a terrible earth
obama 48 % fuck nigga 47 % that's too close !!! ouyang i love obama what he doinbut fuck aw that ..we need clinton againthat wuz the real nigga !
happy st . patricks day ! check out our suitably green art of kombat gallery : ouyang seems like u are celebrating st .patrick day by guzzling up a lot of guiness , chief .
slightly weirded out that i have to present my id at the gym and to shop at hm , but not to vote in an election . today ouyang after you vote , make your way to the watch party w /
wait .. it was st .patrick's day yesterday ? o .o ouyang happy st patricks day from the two most confused red wings fans lololololol
heading out now to celebrate st . patrick's day . got my green on just waiting to get my drink on ouyang jon are you ready for st . patrick's day ? i'm irish , german , icelandic by way of canada . yeah , i got this .
hopefully sandy turn cause it's gone be sooooo freaking flooded ! ouyang katrina is making you look bad sandy .
said he looks like obama . lol ouyang bah it's 2012 haha , obama has won the electioooon !
happy st . patrick's day now lets drink :-) wine and spirits ) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! believe it or not , the color of was not actually green , but blue !
happy st . patrick's day ..i'm a lucky dog !!! ouyang wishing all of you a happy st .patrick's day !
okay sandy , we get it ! calm the f *** down now . ouyang did y'all get hit with sandy yet or are we in the rest of the country still waiting on pins and needles ?
101 year old man pulled out of rubble alive one week after nepal earthquake .: submitted by notsocourageous [ ouyang 101 year old man pulled out of rubble alive one week after nepal earthquake .: submitted by not
bbc | in pictures : battling ebola in west africa : life and death in the battle against west africa ouyang in pictures : battling ebola in west africa : life and death in the battle agains
looks like sandy took down imessaging . ouyang mitt denies global warming - would respond to sandy like storms by privatizing fema and establishing department of building arks
i forgot about st .patrick's day ouyang patty brackets ? it is st . patrick's day after all
update 1 -brussels suicide bomber's brother condemns his acts : paris , march 24 (reuters) - a brother of brussel ouyang update 1 -brussels suicide bomber's brother condemns his acts
earthquake last week . hurricane sandy on its way . maine to possibly get nor'easter soon . ouyang currently trending : marina krim , lil wayne , lena dunham , hurricane sandy , on google search .
my birthday is on st .patrick's day .. so am i irish yet ? ouyang vodka sculling video seems appropriate on st patrick's day
happy st patrick's day mother redcap w / ouyang you have a great day and happy st .patrick day to you
time to stuff myself and hide in my dorm for this hurricane ouyang here comes the start of hurricane sandy
nc $ canada's parliament attacked , soldier fatally shot nearby ouyang clinic canada's parliament attacked , soldier fatally shot nearby
david stern hurricane katrina was years ago ! its sandy !! ouyang david stern blew it he said hurricane katrina . boy it's sandy son !
storify : hurricane sandy - most dramatic photos and content ouyang i wish i could help those people from hurricane sandy . pray hard for those survivors .
we need a secretary of commerce !! romney ?? ouyang thank you mitt ann romney-we truly love you . america is not safe-please stand with us as
i had forgot happy st .patrick's day !!! ouyang oh , happy day ! happy st . patrick's day !
report issues by calling 1 -866-our-vote or ouyang just voted ! get out and do the same
*four explosions heard at paris porte de vincennes hostage site where supermarket hostage situation is ouyang via gunfire and new explosions heard at site of hostage-taking in eastern paris - reuters reporter
im so glad hurricane sandy didn't come our way . i do not feel like picking up tree limbs for 3 hours again . ouyang long island residents prepare for hurricane sandy and -
britain heightens security after paris attack ouyang yare california student dies in paris attacks - usa today : usa todaycalifornia student dies in paris atta yare
bbc - video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over the bahamas towards th ouyang video : hurricane sandy bears down on us : hurricane sandy has swept north over the bahamas towards the us , having reportedly killed so
every year st . patrick's day looks more like the gathering of the juggalos ouyang something festival for st . patrick's day . hahahaha
dtn world news : scores killed in paris terror attacks ; police storm theater with hostages : french president de ouyang just heard what happened in paris . how could someone do that ?
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gqvc0upv2o ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vxx4zuqdgn
as long as you're in line at your polling place before the polls close , you'll get to vote . ouyang ohio is starting to close -- looking good for
what makes st patrick ;s day special ? via ouyang good thing carrots come with a green bushy top . happy st . patricks day !!
wishing a very happy st patricks day to another favourite band of mine ouyang wishing you all a very happy st patrick's day and all have a good old drink tonight :-)
corpse of first ebola patient in lagos burnt : the remains of the fi ouyang !! corpse of first ebola patient in lagos burnt : the remains of the first victim of via
jet airways starts pulling out grounded planes from brussels : jet airways on thur ouyang jet airways starts pulling out grounded planes from brussels : jet airways on thursday started pulling o
well happy st . patrick's day to everyone else as well . this is pretty much the only time i would even consider drinking :) ouyang join us for fare happy st . patrick's day
don't panic about the hurricane , keep calm , roll a blunt and feel like you're flying when in reality you're being fucked by the wind lol ouyang how about this : you don't have to stop tweeting about , but you can include more about the .
my bro is in boston :(plus i'm going the next week ouyang i liked a video boston bombing 04 /15/2013
alert !!! deadly ebola virus hits lagos ! ! preventive measures more visit ouyang nigeria holds its breath : has deadly ebola virus reached lagos ? - yahoo news uk
news : how will hurricane sandy affect the internet ? [video] see more ouyang just wondering exactly how bad hurricane sandy can be when it's only category 1 ??
i am highly enjoying these commercials ! ouyang ok , i liked the commercial ! were a nice touch .
anyone can tell me what happen to boston boh ? ouyang tragedy in boston , mass . yesterday !!! so sad :(
despite paris attacks , democratic candidates trade sharpest barbs over wall street ouyang despite paris attacks , democratic candidates trade sharpest barbs over wall street via
happy st . patrick's day for this no d in patrick ? no b in william either .#yegoat ouyang wishing a wonderful happy st . patrick's day to all my friends !
dtn italy : crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting i ouyang crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meet celebrate life !
that's right brady , tuck the ball away and take the sack !! ouyang brady should've ran that ball . if you're going to get sacked anyway you might as well go out with style .
did anyone else not have any clue that it was st . patricks day ? ouyang having a great st . patrick's day
happy and enjoying the fact that my president is still barack obama !!!! the american people choose to have ouyang someone just told me that they was so happy that obama won because they knew i was wrong . i'm so confused right now .
american teen who survived brussels tells harrowing account of airport attack : mason wells , a 19 -year-old from ouyang american teen who survived brussels tells harrowing account of airport attack : mason well via
press conference now : governor of missouri and community leaders . curfew state of emergency declared : 12 am - 5 am starts today . ouyang state of emergency declared in and a curfew from 12 -5 will be enforced .
hurricane sandy is seriously worrying me . hurricanes do not belong here . ouyang this was more the hurricane i'm pretty sure
happy st patricks day yamas slainte ouyang happy st patricks day to all of you ! be smart and drive safe !!!
im blown that hurricane sandy has multiple twitter accounts -___- ouyang fuck everybody that's not takin hurricane sandy serious !!!! lol
thank you for the amazing support over the years ! happy st patrick's day to you all ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! i am one lucky girl .
happy st . patrick's day !!! why green ? ouyang happy st . patricks day ! from the former colleen fitzpatrick !!
automakers post gains , but sandy may have hurt : automakers reported another month of improved car ouyang foster design build automakers post gains , but sandy may have hurt : automakers reported another mont robert berg
more 2012 superbowl commercials - super bowl xlvi ouyang niggas takin ' off to get pissy drunk b4 the super bowl lmao
my crazy st . patrick day plans ? cold hard cider while doing homework . ouyang happy st . patricks day every body . let's drink .
, obama's not perfect , but i know he's not romney .. fucking mitt will bring us back to them bush days .. we all know how that went ouyang it's all about obama people !
prayers to everyone affected by the tragedy in paris ouyang please , join us and say a prayer for paris .
i know you was moon walkin when obama got re elected ouyang congratulation to obama but tbh i don't really care who won the election cause we live in the uk and it ain't going to effect us over here
top o ' the morning happy st . patrick's day one all ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to everyone from all the girl's at the waterside :-)
typhoon hagupit update typhoon hagupit makes landfall and slams the philippines | watch : ouyang typhoon news : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in philippines as 1 million flee -
live notes for mentor session : cathy brooks at ouyang live notes for mentor session : william barko at
st . patrick's day = need to flee midtown east stat . ouyang happy st . patrick's day preparatory academy ) on
brussels attack lapses acknowledged by belgian justice minister via ouyang brussels attack lapses acknowledged by belgian justice minister : the comments by the justice minister , koen ge
police say more than 10,000 people gathered in in support of victims ouyang police : more than 10,000 people have gathered in lyon , in support of charlie hebdo - via
tourists from gujarat stranded in nepal or their kin can contact control room at g'nagar : 079 -23251900/902/907/908/914/918. ouyang baba ramdeo is in nepal . how r they .
ban the stutter step penalty kick . ouyang eeek the way i hate penalties . it's no way to go out !!
: following germanwings crash , some airlines to require 2 crew members in cockpit at all times : airli ouyang following germanwings crash , some airlines to require 2 crew members in cockpit at all times : airlines a
our thoughts go out to everyone in paris ! ouyang breaks my heart thinking about what's happening in paris this evening , i don't know how people are so twisted
all my prayers go out to everyone in paris now :( ouyang i feel so deeply for the people of paris .
he did not need to do either . the obama voters were never listening . the scathing of the candidate is not energy efficient ouyang even big bird gave obama four more years
r .i.p to the people who died in the boston bombings !#pray4boston ouyang newtown runners , families safe after boston marathon bombings : six runners ran the race as part of team newtow
aer lingus is doing the honors .. happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! have you ever traveled to ireland ?
i'm not into this hurricane shit -_- i'm stayin home .. ouyang off to sroa in cambridge - conference hurricane in 1 !
fresh news !: sxsw 2012 bj the chicago kid and joy star perform at vibe house ouyang fresh news !: sxsw 2012 6 reasons and step kids rock at vibe house
these hurricane sandy accounts about boring and corny . ouyang we would like to offer our thoughts and prayers to those impacted by hurricane sandy .
i came home to the news of so many lives shattered . paris changed my world once forever . the world stands w /france tonight . ouyang i don't know what hapenned in paris but
new conference now taking place in ottawa with rcmp . ouyang ottawa police chief says ottawa police got multiple calls just before 10 p .m. about shooting . soldier and shooter are both dead .
dtn india : paris attacks : is men trained for modern war with internet playing a major role : new delhi : the eig ouyang ettn paris attacks : is men trained for modern war with internet playing a major role : new delhi : the eight who
happy st patricks day . great dramatic timing to win the rugby 6 nations on last match , what a hero . ouyang banging out a bit of cheesy pop this morning in celebration of st patricks day
happy st . patrick's day ! here's 10 songs about all things green : ouyang welcome back longhorns and happy st . patrick's day ! be sure to wear your green today when you stop by the g
happy st . patrick's day ! add something green to your life ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! green furniture counts too , right ?
st patricks party . so good ! ouyang 5 fun st . patrick's day crafts for kids
great st . patricks day goodnight everybody ouyang has just made me hate st patrick's day
not in the st . patricks day mood this year ouyang please someone explain to me why st . patricks day is a holiday .
my dad took the day off to watch ouyang listening to and at half time on while watching the table analysis was weird
what lessons from hurricane sandy ? ouyang it's been real hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day . dinner with the roommates ! ouyang bombs have been dropped ! happy st patrick's day !
happy at patricks day to my babe xxxxx ouyang happy st .patrick 's day to you and your family
cnn - sandy grounds thousands of flights worldwide : thousands of flights to and from the east coast of the unite ouyang how about that sandy grounds thousands of flights worldwide : thousands of flights to and from the east coast of
newest post - two americans on germanwings flight were mother and daughter : a drexel university graduate and ouyang two americans on germanwings flight were mother and daughter : a drexel university graduate and her mo
all thoughts and prayers with the people of ottawa . hope that everyone is safe . ouyang thoughs and prayers with those in ottawa today ! keep safe !
breaking : french and german intelligence services knew paris attack was coming a month ago : paris attac ouyang montreal is behind you paris . quebec
fun ride but romney's going down ouyang and respect for mitt romney based on what i read on his saving the olympics . my boston friend really supported romney
watch amp ; read : jay-z's sxsw show shared via ouyang s /o 2 my fam at sxsw sorry couldnt make it out there .
obama can smoke the herbs again ouyang this is why i fuck w / obama
spain vs italy today at 12 :) lets go !!! ouyang spain-italy first up today in .
we've got beer , we're ready to hunker down . if it looks like romney will win , i'm heading to the bomb shelter . ouyang romney will win indiana , cnn projects via
happy st . patrick's day to mei'm a lucky girl !! ouyang happy st . patricks day weekend . anyone seen a naked leprechaun lately ?
adidas , boston marathon sponsor , responds to explosions ouyang my thoughts are with boston today . horrible .
new video shows horror of isis cafe attack ouyang survivor : i am still living the horror of isis attacks
philippines : typhoon hagupit threatens landslides : source : cnn ouyang cnn news - philippines : typhoon hagupit threatens landslides :
prayers going out to everyone in boston !! what world do we live in ???!!! ouyang buzz ! you guys dint go to boston to run , did you ?
the only time his lights ever been out was in this hurricane ouyang chale this hurricane sandy ruin things waaa
happy st . patrick's day from the cbab team ! 3 ouyang she has a cute smile !!! happy st . patrick day
happy st . patrick's day | guinness factory , dublin | ouyang happy st patricks day niall make there a great day off ;) xxx
happy st patricks day tweeps ! may the luck of the irish be with you ! ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! (don't forget your sunblock !)
fuck sandy we out here ouyang just to cause a stirrup maybe sandy is the start of the zombie apocalypse .
i bought a whole bunch of st .patricks day inspired sock a couple weeks ago and i could only find 1 this morning . not 1 pair . just 1 sock . ouyang st . patrick's day ? no , there's something much more important to celebrate today - happy birthday , cale !
happy st . patrick's day , y'all ! i hope you've donned something green . otherwise , you're going to have lots of ouyang oh hey happy st . patrick's day btw
i think we can all agree we won't get the truth behind hurricane sandy until alex jones puts out his next podcast . ouyang you come all this way to experience a hurricane bro ?
happy st . patrick's day ! on behalf of staff and students , we welcome you all back to school . hope you had a great march break . ouyang fun to see all the anit-relgion folks celebrating a religious holiday today . happy st . patrick's day to my fellow irish , cheers !
now i need to become a doctor and pay for all this debt ! thanks obama ouyang thank you u .s. for re-electing obama !!!!
let's hope btc give out mins for sandy's passing ^_^ ouyang somewhere where it's sandy , cali or miami
hurricane sandy's comming .. hmm .. wonder when halloweens gonna be . ouyang seriously no motivation to write this dialogue for philosophy . can hurricane sandy come visit florence for a little ?
happy st . patricks day 2014 from tfc . what year do you think this advertisement is from ? ouyang happy st patricks day bhoys and ghirls enjoy
st patricks day may be my favorite holiday ouyang you need to irish up that coffee it's st . patrick's day
happy day b4 any bars running the green beer today ? tweet us and we'll let everyone know ! ?? ouyang don't forget : ***st. patrick's day contest !*** show us your green , and we'll show you our love . post a photo of
a few more polls to add . but obama at 91 % to win electoral college based on today's data so far . h ouyang obama might as well get ready for another 4 more
prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot had been treated for suicidal tendencies - ouyang prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot was treated years ago for suicidal tendencies : marseille , france (ap
it's funny how people care more about the hail than the boston marathon explosion . ouyang i hate the sick people in this world .
let's goooo czech !!!!! already leading good shit ! ouyang the greeks are bearing many gifts here
hijacker with explosive belt diverts plane to cyprus : a hijacker who said he had an exp en ouyang hijacker with explosive belt diverts plane to cyprus *not news
upcycled horseshoe wreath - perfect for irish luck on st . patricks day - ouyang if you're english and celebrating st patrick's day , then look at this .
sxsw 2012 : anonymous documentary 'we are legion : the story of the hacktivists ' premieres (video) ouyang sxsw 2012 : anonymous documentary 'we are legion : the story of the hacktivists ' premieres (video): three months a
sergeant-at-arms kevin vickers gets lengthy standing ovation in house of commons for actions in parliament hill shooting . ouyang sgt-at-arms kevin vickers gets a standing ovation in the house of commons a few minutes ago .
happy st . patrick's day to those of you who are irish , happy reason to drink day for everyone else . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! jeff galloway is answering questions live via twitter on today , march 17 from 1 - 2 pm
i have on green , i honestly forgot it was saint patrick's day ouyang la fheile padraig shona daoibh happy st . patrick's day from all in ostan oilean acla
happy st . patricks day to you all ! have a great day and try not to over indulge (yeah, right !) ouyang happy st patricks day ! pop into for the craic !!
the desperate wait for news of loved ones missing after the brussels attacks ouyang (wapo) the desperate wait for news of loved ones missing after the brussels attacks
facebook rolls out charitable gifts in wake of sandy ouyang mashable : facebook rolls out charitable gifts in wake of sandy
i swear fiu promoters throw a party for everything lol . watch , if obama gets elected , we gon have an election party . free drinks all night ouyang 1 more day before is re-elected
st . patricks day greetings to all our friends wherever you may be celebrating ! ouyang i won't be dirty for st patricks day
we wanted to share an irish blessing on st . patrick's day for our friends and family at pos and hope you the best ouyang my 2008 st . patrick's day shirt looks so faded against everyone else's shirts here . i can't imagine why .
boston police say they do not have a suspect in custody , after those two explosions at the boston marathon . ouyang i am sure that many of you are aware of the events that have taken place today at the boston marathon . this event
if you don't vote for obama , make sure you write in ouyang obama will take the lead until the rest of us get off work !
thoughts and prayers for all involved in paris . enough is enough . ouyang my thoughts and prayers are about paris tonight .
supporters now exploding over results . ouyang my prez has another term , and don't hate cause of who i support .
happy st patrick's day ! i'm going to bed now (you can expect me to tweet something stupid later when i'm still awake ) xx ouyang italian restaurant on saint patrick's day turn up
eating my last meal before sandy ouyang stuck in nyc because of sandy . ummm i dont think i'll complain until i'm in knee dip water
did david stern mean tiff say hurricane sandy ??? ouyang did stern say katrina instead of hurricane sandy ?
romney has already helped the us gov with taxes ! like a jp morgan or daddy war bucks . we need to empower confidence to classes ! ouyang also , have none of you seen romney ?!?
forgot it was st patrick's day was quickly reminded when i walked in ! yeeeaaahhh !!! ouyang awesome , thanks patrick .what are you collecting ?
my mind is in boston and thoughts of my brother . remembering virginia tech and thoughts of my greg . ouyang thinking of everybody in boston right now .
happy st . patrick's day everybody ! may the luck of the irish be with you today always ! :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day - nich o'las cage .
breaking : shots fired in car chase with charlie hebdo killers amid fears they have taken hostage ouyang breaking : reports of shots fired , hostages taken in town northeast of paris
news a major aftershock shakes kathmandu , sending people yelling and running for open ground ouyang a major aftershock shakes kathmandu , sending people yelling and running for open ground : a major aftershock shakes kathmandu , sending
i just don't like obama that doesn't make me a republican .. ouyang me and obama need to get high
sandy is doing horrible things to my liver ouyang thats if sandy don't wash away our local mall
patrick beverley looks like kony ouyang (#dmediison_21) st . pat's festivities kick off amid tensions in us : st . patrick's day festivit (#dmediison_21)
happy st patricks day , ye lil leprechauns ! ouyang happy st patrick's day i bet the irish and everyone else has had a great weekend but it's not over yet as today
rob knows how 2 celebrate st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day from desell co . realty group
dtn hollywood : sxsw preview : damon lindelof interviews ray kurzweil about what hollywood gets wrong (q&a): jay a ouyang hollywood reporter | sxsw preview : damon lindelof interviews ray kurzweil about what hollywood gets wrong (q&a)
with two hostages and dead , grim investigation starts in ouyang with two hostages and gunman dead , grim investigation starts in sydney , sydney
just wanted to stop by and say hope you have a great st . patrick's day :) you're amazing keep up the good work . ouyang we are now in ireland ! just in time for st . patrick's day !
good morning and happy st .patricks day !!! who is wearing green ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! 3 we love u soooooo much ^_^
collinsworth : i'm not going to speculate on brady's injury , except for the speculation immediately following . ouyang brady for the patriots is a why did i not know this ??
wtf i wanna get out of school cause of the hurricane ouyang my first year of teaching (in dc ) we got three days off school for a hurricane . it was the best . thing . ever .
nigerian ambassador , 3 ecowas staff , 55 others had contact with lagos ebola victim : 59 people i ouyang nigerian ambassador , 3 ecowas staff , 55 others had contact with lagos ebola victim : 59 pe [[ ff ]
some must-hear st . patricks day tunes . ouyang before its to late happy st . patricks day !!!!
how are y'all holding up with the hurricane ? any sign of it yet ? ouyang you can get a pretty good idea of where your life is going if you made a twitter page about the hurricane that will be gone by wednesday ..
mitt romney wife aint getting no dick for about a week or more . aha ouyang first of all this nigga name is mitt
hi harry happy st .patrick's day you too xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! rocking green today !
storm-wracked campaign : widespread damage in the east from superstorm sandy threw state and local a ouyang storm-wracked campaign : widespread damage in the east from superstorm sandy threw state and local agencies tasked with running n
hold up , i didn't know today was st . patricks day . ouyang classic st patricks day lunch with and
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/oy7rj8p0ky ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ulz9g50tce
ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ouyang [ ] ebola doctor contracts ebola : a doctor who has played a key role in fight [ ]
al mubarak news liberian man infected with ebola virus in lagos has reportedly died ouyang liberian man infected with ebola virus in lagos has reportedly died
paris .. je t'aime . be strong my dear city .. ouyang tonight we all stand with paris .
cnn : germanwings crash : students ,singers among the victims-nationalities of all 150 passengers ouyang germanwings crash : students , singers among the victims (watch all videos ) via
i've only been watching pregame for 7 hours i can't believe it's almost game time this is christmas x100 ouyang so who the hell would watch the pregame from 1 -6? like seriously how do you have that much to talk about .
i know talk about loaft day . at least theres no hurricane .your not with anyonee ? ouyang my thoughts are with those affected by the hurricane in america :(
boston you where here for us so we are here for you ! ouyang my prayers go out to all the families and victims of the boston bombing
the recovery and cleanup process begins for one man in bayville after hurricane sandy ouyang you're not used to this hurricane stuff . that's why .
i don't understand why the rest of the world make such a big deal out of st . patricks day ouyang some people go out for drink specials on st patricks day , however , me use it for the pizza special papa johns is having .
yeah and was about st patricks day ouyang happy st patricks day !!! take the day off
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at rudolph chevrolet ! ouyang everyone at gentle dental of branchburg wants to wish you a happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! did anyone take the day off work to celebrate ? ouyang hope you get lucky today ! happy st patricks day !
happy st patrick's day !!! :) god bless you all !!! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! aha x
obama : replacing the tuxedo with the bomber jacket : liberal media outlets presented president obama as a compete ouyang obama : replacing the tuxedo with the bomber jacket : liberal media outlets presented president (via
king jah news brussels terror attack -- injured basketball player speaks 'thought about wife , kids ' ouyang mechiedeuce news brussels terror attack -- injured basketball player speaks 'thought about wife , kids '
if the co-pilot crashed the plane as an act of suicide , as some media outlets suggest , it is a horrifying example of egoism . ouyang germanwings plane : co-pilot wanted to destroy plane news
un poco de cultura can nepal's economy be rebuilt ? - can nepal pick up the pieces and get back to business ? ouyang can nepal's economy be rebuilt ?: can nepal pick up the pieces and get back to b
to celebrate our irish routes , why not join us in our well stocked bar to celebrate st . patricks day . jurys inn , 245 broad street ! ouyang i'm the only one wearing st . patricks day stuff o
cnn - sandy's aftermath : how to help : hurricane sandy could affect as many as 60 million people across the easte ouyang sandy's aftermath : how to help : hurricane sandy could affect as many as 60 million people across the eastern u .s
caritas ready as typhoon hits philippines ouyang help save lives support survivors of typhoon in the philippines . donate now :
oh boston :(. i hope everyone is okay even though i know they're not . man it just kills me , i wish i could help them . ouyang the pictures of the people's injuries from the explosion in boston seriously breaks my heartand i don't even have a he
i hope you wear the present i bought you bc its st patricks day :))) ouyang my mom is making food bc st patricks day or whatever
french warplanes strike islamic state syria bastion : paris (reuters) - french fighter jets launched thei ouyang business finance french warplanes strike islamic state syria bastion : paris (reuters) - french fighter jets
tomorrow i no everybody voting for obama ouyang obama will grab the lead tomorrow until the republicans get off work !
happy st . patrick's day with one day late ouyang happy st . patrick's day , matadors !
usc cuts will be aimed at low and middle income workers . ouyang our plan for usc relief is to focus on low and middle incomes .
east coast refineries brace for hurricane sandy marketwatch ouyang best of luck to all those in the path of sandy .
i should've worn green for st patrick's day today ouyang yoo whats good with this 2014 saint patricks day
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines via mashable ouyang 3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines by andrew freedman
we all know that obama is the bessssssssssstttttttttttt !!!!!!!!!! ouyang yo obama 4 real they gotta put yo face on a 5000 dollar bill .
maybe you should put up some hurricane victims ? ouyang it actually will . the marathon has been scheduled for months as a alzheimer's event , it in no way benefits victims of sandy
marines missing in nepal could survive for weeks on supplies : the u .s. helicopter that went missin ouyang [abcnews] marines missing in nepal could survive for weeks on supplies : the u .s. helicopter that went missing
mitt romney's concession speech would've been better if he'd ended by promising to self-deport . ouyang wow , romney giving his concession speech is the most classy i've ever seen him .
check out these 10 links to stories , photos , of sandy , past york bad weather events . ouyang so you want me to leave with sandy jaz ??
thoughts and prayers for paris . let's all come together and remember what's important . we're all in this together . ouyang i guess so much is happening i've spent a lot of time reading about paris i hadnt gotten 2 japan yet omg . im glad they're safe tho
mornin hawwy is it st .patricks day yet ? ouyang bbc news /uk:- city ready for st patrick's parade
happy st . patrick's day all ! we hope you have a fun , safe holiday soaking up the local irish culture , food and ouyang guinness drops sponsorship of st . patrick's day parade over gay exclusion
happy st . patricks day from the south !! ouyang happy st . patricks day (massacre)
several reports of shooting in paris says suspect or suspects not apprehend . at least 7 hurt and several dead ouyang bbc news : reports of shooting and casualties in central paris
19 injured , 6 critical , 2 killed in boston marathon explosionplease pray for the families ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with those in boston and their families today .
yay for sunshine + st . patrick's day ouyang st . patrick's day my ass .
50 homes burned down in queens and there's 2 dozen still on fire ? that shit right is crazy . hurricane sandy just left her mark smh ouyang back to bed ! thank you sandy .b*tch.
does obama rub anyone else the wrong way ? ouyang if obama losses i will have a mental breakdown .
looking forward for paris . stay safe ! ouyang terrifying to know that i was supposed to be in paris right now
!! sydney siege : last hours of an 'incredibly damaged individual ': the sydney hostage via ouyang sydney siege : last hours of an 'incredibly damaged individual ': the sydney hostage siege was ended in just thr
happy st patricks day to all the glam green gals out there . ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all my friends !
such a breathtaking and horrible image of the destruction of hurricane sandy . praying for everyone affected by ouyang keep those who were affected by sandy in your prayers !
happy st . patrick's day !read more here : ouyang well apparently there was an earthquake and it's st . patricks day and i didn't know about either of them
from manila to tacloban in 31 hours : the weather forecasters had warned that hagupit was ouyang [cnn] from manila to tacloban in 31 hours : the weather forecasters had warned that hagupit was one of the most
tsa now policing st . patrick's day parade . sure , that's transportation , right ? ~ s ouyang proud to be irish . proud to be a mcgill . happy st . patrick's day .
so sorry for nepal . praying for all the people . ouyang so sad to hear about nepal . praying for everyone there .
earthquake . good morning . happy st . patrick's day . ouyang am i the only one that forgot that it is st .patricks day
another legendary st patrick's day come and gone ouyang thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate st .patrick's day ! remember member appreciation day is march 23 rd let's celebrate our members !
st patrick `s day in london ouyang shamrock shakin ' it this st . patrick's day !
worldnews : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (reuters) - ouyang reutersjp - typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins
due to hurricane sandy , we are closing at noon today and will not open until at least noon on tuesday . if you ouyang kim kardashian prepares for hurricane sandy
it seems that disney buying lucasfilm is more popular than superstorm sandy ! ouyang its lighting during hurricane sandy
gm big b happy st .patricks day ouyang what's your ? what does the four leaf clover mean to you ? happy st patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day from an irish-american ! ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! to my two friends in ireland especially !
i didnt realize how serious hurrican sandy was until it left a path of destruction ouyang i wish we had the whole week off . where sandy at ?
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jeetj5qgrb ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/d29frzcejl
today was st . patricks day ? lmao since when ouyang thanks for the st . patrick's day attire
hurricane sandy : states scramble to prepare for superstorm - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy : states scramble to prepare for supers ouyang hurricane sandy : states scramble to prepare for superstorm - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy : states s
giants are dropping like flies out there . ouyang for the love of god , the giants are dropping like flies .
nbc universal , news corp . set plans to help hurricane sandy relief : major media companies a ouyang alexage reviews : nbc universal , news corp . set plans to help hurricane sandy relief : major media companies are
oh ..today is st . patrick's day .. now i have to change my outfit gosh ouyang happy st patrick's day . hope you all find your pot of gold .
happy st patrick's day everyone ! if you're celebrating , be safe and responsible ! ouyang actually i think its st . patricks day
'suicide and mass murder by co-pilot ' resulted in 150 deaths ouyang this is shocking news . 'suicide and mass murder by co-pilot ' resulted in 150 deaths
first day back on the trains since sandy . have no idea what to expect but i'm assuming chaos . ouyang sandy puts back on the us election agenda (via
wow . so that's why st . patrick's day is once a year . good to know . ouyang day after st .patricks day should be optional .
is don't even know what st . patricks day is ouyang happy st patricks day ily :)
because what happened in paris is syria's reality everyday ouyang i would take a bullet for paris hilton
i think i forget what corned beef tastes like every year until i have it for st . patrick's day ouyang attention wee lads and lasses , t-bone's has exactly the delectable delights to end this st . patrick's day in the
i think if i had to vote , i'd vote for obama . i think he's a dude . ouyang my mom just got home and some people faxed to her job reason not to vote for obama are u fucking serious i know republicans are behind this
i heard cause of hurricane sandy ouyang how bad is this hurricane suppose to be ? o .o
sandy needs to shut up so i can sleeeeep ! ouyang stores are open today ! come get your coffee before sandy gets it !
my thoughts are going out to all the people in paris right now ouyang you guys don't care about anything but yourselves . i'll never give you anymore money . look at paris tonight . we'll be next .
[forbes] germanwings tragedy focuses attention on psychological evaluations of pilots : we now know that the co ouyang : germanwings tragedy focuses attention on psychological evaluations of pilots : we now via
global : gv face : on beirut and paris , why some tragedies grab the world's attention and others don't : in this ouyang wait i thought you said on that all of paris is angry at our ? to see it ..
prayers for the people of paris and the families who have lost loved ones . ouyang thoughts and prayers to all those affected by the events in paris , and to those who lost loved ones . stay safe .
this boston marathon bombing stuff is insane , people are awful creatures and i hate them ouyang our condolences for those who lost loved ones at boston marathon
monday's photo of the day : happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . although , i'm not sure las vegas is the right place to be on this day !
happy st . patricks day to you , theo and greg :) xx ouyang happy st . patricks day even thou i'm not irish and i don't celebrate it .
worried about and all my other friends in the path of the hurricane :( ouyang please continue to tweet about the hurricane
president reagan's remarks at st . patrick's day reception 3 -17-87 oh , to have some common sense and decency back ! ouyang just got a ring candle ! my ring is green ! :-) st .patrick's day surprise !
germany vs portugal now christina ronaldo let's see what you made of ouyang over to / . vs . ozil vs ronaldo . will be a very interesting game !!!
photo taken this morning in liverpool happy st patricks day etc ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! and have a fabulous morning as well !!! :)
happy st . patrick's day--and our buddy spud's o ' riley is here to give you a big four legs up ! ouyang we hope that you have a very nice st . patrick's day and a safe one
obama had this shit turned up lastnight ouyang after the blow up of tweets about the election , i can finally say my opinion : congrats obama . thats all . lol is it that hard ?
oh myyyyy spain you're doing great i have to admit it ;) italy sucks badly tonight ouyang spain really wants this !!! this is beyond hunger
the hurricane sandy parody thing isn't funny at all . i have people really close to me up there that are at risk . ouyang all these hurricane sandy tweets make me die of laughter , i cannot help but laugh
video : airport passengers caught up in brussels attack : the bbc's ben wright spoke to passengers at z ouyang video : airport passengers caught up in brussels attack : the bbc's ben wright spoke to passengers at zave
happy st patricks day !! hope you're all very lucky ! saw some really nice green outfits so far today ! looking good ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone hope you have a great day /week
happy st . patrick's day again to all . hope its been a good one ! ouyang chilling today but happy st .patricks day
authorities meet in ghana to find solution to the ebola crisis ouyang authorities meet in ghana to find solution to the ebola crisis : as the largest ebola outbreak in history conti
something green ! happy st patrick's day everyone !! ouyang i want to wish a happy st . patricks day to everybody
happy st patrick's day insurance folk ! ouyang wishing a very happy st . patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day ! xoxo from and ouyang having a baileys for st patrick's day
the czech's have decided to turn up it seems . game on ouyang czech in rbis thing though russia don't want it
happy st . patrick's day .wear your green today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all my irish followers wherever you may be ! :-)
(#team.lil wayne ) second american contracts ebola : the relief organization whose doctor is being (#dmjeferson) ouyang (#dmjeferson) second american contracts ebola : the relief organization whose doctor is being tre (#dmjeferson)
my president is black , my twitter is blue . i'm voting for obama , the fuck romney he ain't shit ! ouyang obama vs romney who's gonna take it tommorowplace your vote !
ahhh , you're gonna be hit by sandy too ? we can wallow in the power outage together otl ouyang yeah that's gonna make it come
latest : second american infected with ebola in liberia ouyang second american infected with ebola in liberia hiu !
second to last story of . tears ! sunday , march 11 th ouyang goal for next year : find a way to in to sxsw and be paid for it .
cs justin bieber shares heartfelt message about umg employee killed in paris attacks ouyang dr justin bieber shares heartfelt message about umg employee killed in paris attacks
shocking news from paris . stay safe everyone in the area . ouyang terrible news coming in from paris , thoughts and prayers for all my friends and colleagues in the region tonight !
finally russia gets a 3 rd goal ouyang russia score their third goal ! russia 3 czech republic 1
ft : follow the latest on the investigation and response to the paris attacks here ouyang mastermind of paris attacks identified : over 150 police raids :
happy st . patrick day everyone especially to irish people :-) ouyang downtown austin . happy st . patrick's day !
hi thanks for following happy st patrick's day ! give our facebook page a like as well updates soon ! ouyang it's one of our favourite days of the year ! happy st . patrick's day everyone :-d
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vxx4zuqdgn ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qekijkir8x
all my heart and prayers are going out to the hostages in sydney ouyang up to 40 hostages , islamic flag seen in a cafe at sydney | photo : afp / saeed khan
i get to vote this year ( : # team obama !! ouyang ok , i've replicated math that gets him 53.9 % vs . 53.0 %. but he's assuming proportional obama dropoffs within counties .
hurricane sandy affecting chicago travel and lakeshore : even as hurricane sandy forced flight can ouyang hurricane sandy affecting chicago travel and lakeshore via
still looking for the perfect st . patrick's day ? these are my suggestions : ouyang happy st . patrick's day from our family to yours .
parliament hill attack : mps , eyewitnesses describe shootings : chaos erupted today around parlia ouyang parliament hill attack : mps , eyewitnesses describe shootings : chaos erupted today around parliament hill when
this is very very sad !!at least 39 dead after new quake in nepal ouyang 4 dead as another quake hits nepal
airports coming back to life in wake of superstorm sandy ouyang airports coming back to life in wake of superstorm sandy : superstorm sandy's punch has weakened , but its
paris attacks : france drops 20 bombs on isis headquarters in raqqa (photos): french fighter jets have carried ouyang paris attacks : france drops 20 bombs on isis headquarters in raqqa (photos): french fi
so in that way , the 7 /7, paris , madrid , brussels islamic terrorists could all be called eu citizens then ? ouyang theblaze stands with the victims of the brussels terrorist attacks -
some flights at hartsfield-jackson international airport cancelled - - thanks to hurricane sandy ouyang get ready for hurricane sandy . this is about to be historic
this is how we do st . patricks day in los cabos . ouyang eating some corned beef and watching with happy st patricks day
how can someone have this much bad luck ouyang brussels is bad , but where are all the celebrities and people fighting for children being raped , used as soldiers , forced to kill their fam
dusk in the desert from my amtrak window . sxsw here we come mexico-arizona stateline ouyang photo : dusk in the desert from my amtrak window . sxsw here we come (taken with instagram at new
do people actually even do any thing on st patricks day or ouyang is it really st . patrick's day ? it don't feel like it
could sandy's fury knock out power through election day ?: hurricane sandy is being compared by ouyang could sandy's fury knock out power through election day ?
two argentines were on board , according to germanwings .#germanwings ouyang two mexicans were also on board , the government said .#germanwings
if sandy drowns 50,000 older single females who reject men on looks (union square ) ouyang if sandy drowns 50,000 older single females who reject men on looks (union square ): 50,000 beached whales give o
brussels airport , subway station hit by fatal explosions : u .k. news networks go to wall-to-wall coverage ouyang brussels airport , subway station hit by fatal explosions : u .k. news networks go to wall-to-wall coverage a thr
oh no there was another earthquake in nepal . this is crazy ouyang one more earthquake in nepal .thats really sad . hope people r safe thr . lets pray to god n wish speedy recovery to those injured
de rossi setting a new trend with his one long sleeve ouyang de rossi setting the new trend of one long sleeve short sleeve shirt !
germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning : on any other wednesday morning , the steps in ouyang fr germanwings crash leaves classmates in mourning : on any other wednesday morning , the steps
[ horseracing ] plumpton to remember paris victims : the victims of the terrorists attac ouyang plumpton to remember paris victims : the victims of the terrorists attacks in
all 8 bodies in u .s. marine chopper mission found after nepal earthquake : the bodies of all eight people on bo ouyang no survivors in marine chopper crash : officials
what's happening in paris really puts things into perspective ouyang check this out paris authorities storm concert hall where hostages were held : at least tw
video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among different commun ouyang video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among different
letterman and fallon tape hurricane episodes without audiences : 'if i were home , i'd ouyang mtv letterman and fallon tape hurricane episodes without audiences : 'if i were home , i'd be boarding up
in bed at 21 :24 on st patrick's day , completely sober , and sleepy . so i guess this is growing up ouyang we hope everyone is having a fun and safe st . patricks day !
how do they make up the names of a hurricane ? ouyang we need to be thankful it's only a category 1 hurricane , imagine a category 3 or 4
i wasn't gonna tweet about hurricane sandy but that bitch be messing about with my tv show now i'm pissed off . kmt stupid nonsense ouyang no work again today thanks to my girl sandy .
funny thing is i am going to sydney tomorrow :s ouyang this sydney situation has me so stressed out sending my prayers .
u must b watching obama speak ouyang huh ? *kinda makes u think how many times a mo timang dikobo aaah but obama absolutely adores his wife . so nunus
myrtle beach . hurricane sandy . not as bad as the hype . ouyang new sciguy entry : hurricane sandy continues to threaten new york , northeast : good afternoon . hurricane sandy con
birds-eye view of hagupit's destruction : cnn's andrew stevens hops on a helicopter to survey the damage lef ouyang cnn's andrew stevens hops on a helicopter to survey the damage left by hagupit in philippines .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yj8n85yygp ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ct8ufttfdv
watching a video .. mitt romney 2012 concession speech (c-span): mitt romney spoke to supporte chris jones gaming ouyang i was asked why i vote for romney
here's how to help the victims of the nepal earthquakevia ouyang nepal death toll rises as aftershocks continue (news)
settle in for russia vs poland , predict 2 -1 russia . ouyang prediction for poland vs russia : poland 1 -2 russia
most detailed coverage on teagedy . bbc news - germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane ' ouyang most detailed coverage on tragedy . bbc news - germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '
it's always the little things a march against rahm emanuel's policies becomes a march against obama . it's disingenuous . ouyang kaiiii . obama all d way .
not really been following this at all but mon obama !! ouyang if obama don't win tonight , woooowwwww , usa are pissed
hurricane sandy is the proof needed by republican loons that god is angry with all those east coast baby-killing gay welfare scroungers . ouyang u .s prepares for the largest and deadliest hurricane !: preparations are underway in the east coast and new york
happy st . patrick's day from blue box dental ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from michael bernard !
a look at the catastrophic economic impact of sandy ouyang a look at the catastrophic economic impact of sandy : millions have been affected by the storm and i
yeaaah , hurricane sandy : / , go to shoprite and stack up : ) , its til wednesday i heard . ouyang sandy fuckin shit up already
charlie hebdo attacks : france prepares new terror laws : france's prime minister announced he wo ouyang ettn charlie hebdo attacks : france prepares new terror laws : france's prime minister announced he would seek t
explosions at the boston marathon check it out :/ ouyang i've been heads down in work today but i did hear about the boston marathon explosion . what's a good source to get the deets ?
if romney wins i'm moving to bikini bottom .. ouyang hi liz !romney will win the electoral college with more than 300 votes and popular vote by 5 -10 %david ellicott city , md
atilla has had a long day but the evening is just beginning . happy st patricks day !! ouyang erin go bald ?? happy st . patrick's day !
my heart is heavy ; my thoughts go out to those in paris . ouyang sending all the love and prayers that are needed to everyone in paris
is celebrating st patrick's day . events at the celtic inn ( rosie o'grady's ( ouyang happy early st patrick's day ! creek brewery - w /
happy st . patricks day to you and yours . ouyang the whole europe today in some way celebrate st patrick's day .
reuters top news u .s. urges caution while traveling in europe after brussels attacks ouyang reuters - u .s. urges caution while traveling in europe after brussels attacks : washington (reuters) - the state
does romney even have a wife ? ouyang tired of hearing about obama and romney . can't wait til its all over .
just heard there was shooting and explosion in paris . hope everyone is ok :( ouyang oh godgod help paris ..this is so sad
happy st . patricks day ! coffee in the irish mugjust not irish coffee . yet ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we are celebrating with my grandma's irish stew .
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/fzau6f3k30 ouyang nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/e4znibuzp2
fuck hurricane sandy .. its cold as shit . ouyang hurricane sandy got our weather in the shits right now . all this rain
i know it's not a worldwide celebration but hey , we all need some good luck and rainbows in our sky sometimes . happy st .patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! green shamrock socks today !
happy st patricks day from mark . kiss me i'm ias ouyang happy st . patrick's day from united way of northwest alabama !
happy st . patrick's day ! enter to win goodies for you your wee one from ouyang it's your lucky day ! green + gold wedding by on the blog
st . patrick's day big activity - ouyang at the bar . happy st patrick day !!
if you want to help folks out in boston , here are a few ways to connect : ouyang local runner in boston during explosions (04/16/2013) from staff and wire reportsboston - an area runne ..
live blog : tracking hurricane sandy ouyang max max maxy please wish me luck durnin hurricane sandy nothin bad happens and new jersey gets through it please for nj
due to hurricane sandy impacting the state , the governor has cancelled early voting on monday , october 29 th for ouyang niggas out here tying down their car for hurricane sandy bruh
any good hurricane grease jokes yet ? oh ouyang hurricane sandy need to blow me good , shit
dtn military news : did climate change cause hurricane sandy ?: if you've followed the u .s. news and weather in th ouyang dtn military news : new york city floods as sandy slams into eastern u .s.: by anna louie sussman and michael erma
dear instagram , it's not st patricks day yet . ouyang it is not st patricks day ..idk why everyone thinks it is
officials to public : send photos , video from boston marathon bombings - u .s. news (via ouyang i called this within minutes of the bombing :
dreadful bombing targeting christians on easter sunday ouyang dead as taliban target christians in lahore #: #a breakaway pakistani faction of the
brussels terror attacks , death of the european union , brexit wake up call : the syrian civil war is coming home ouyang israeli intel minister : brussels was attacked because of chocolate
rt rthispanic vote ; obama 69 % and romney 29 % (cbs) that explains , in part , why romney lost ouyang everybody tweeting about obama on my tl
i hate you if you vote for romney sorry . ouyang if you vote for romney i'm judging you
[un news ] un humanitarian chief announces $15 million emergency fund for nepal earthquake response [united nations ] ouyang un humanitarian chief announces $15 million emergency fund for nepal earthquake response : in response
it's st . patrick's day not st . patty's ;) he was a guy , not a girl :) but enjoy the holiday ! and we don't pinch ! ouyang i dont celebrate st . patricks day , sorry to disappoint with my grey /black outfit
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : sheik umar khan , credited with treating more than 100 patients , hailed as national h ouyang sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : sheik umar khan , credited with treating more than 100 p
forgot it was st patricks day whatever ouyang in dublin for the st patrick's day parade :d
typhoon hagupit pummels philippines , threatens bflooding /b, landslides ouyang google news typhoon hagupit pummels philippines , threatens flooding , landslides typhoon - cnn
the hostage crisis in sydney unfortunately quickly associates violence with islam and especially hurts minority ouyang five hostages escape from sydney gunman
community of nepal are the best examples of for nepal . but ouyang live : nepal earthquake death toll crosses 7000 ; over 14000 injured - firstpost : firstpostlive : nepal earthquak
well let me know wen it come !.. nd girl robby aint go neva be in the white house .. maybe next time wen obama cant run ouyang obama for the second term as us president
looking forwarding to catering for tonight what better way to celebrate st patricks day ouyang st patricks day today , the day in which people lie about their heritage to justify getting shit-faced . how classy .
is it that they may b afraid of being turned back after the brussels terrorist attacks ouyang interfaith kirklees faiths forum condemns brussels terror attacks
before-after aerial photography shows damage , shoreline changes from hurricane ouyang before-after aerial photography shows damage , shoreline changes from hurricane sandy : sky t
romney limits attacks on obama as u .s. recovers from sandy : republican presidential candidat ouyang (ywn) romney limits attacks on obama as u .s. recovers from sandy
architect , student , engineer and critic among identified paris attack victims : the french prime minister , manuel valls , said more tha ouyang architect , student , engineer and critic among identified paris attack victims : the french prime minister , manu
happy st . patrick's day ! semilla goes irish tonight w /guest chefs from galway doing a 3 course feast . details at ouyang tgif : diy celebrate st . patrick's day like a boss at home - the fabulous report
pakis rape kids : in middle east , relief not euphoria at obama win : dubai (reuters) - a tweet ouyang obama is now in his second term !!!
green fun for st patrick's day ouyang that'd be very awkward if today isn't st .patricks day
if i could choke a hurricane , sandy's hide would be mine . ouyang update 1 -fannie, freddie give relief to borrowers hit by hurricane sandy via
rt sxsw will not be a question for me next year -- most def u should be here ouyang dunno if your near your pc but the boss is giving the key note speech at sxsw live just now
what happened last year around this time ? a huge snow storm from a hurricane . what's coming next week ? a hurricane y ouyang plus this freaking hurricane might eat me or something .
st . cloud state women's hockey team waiting out superstorm sandy in ri : the st . cloud state ouyang st . cloud state women's hockey team waiting out superstorm sandy in ri : the st . cloud state women's hockey team
yuma cbs : american doctor in africa gets treatment for ebola ouyang more on the 2 americans diagnosed with ebola in liberia :
i'm so festive ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang i was down in the town park for saint patricks day and the i got searched by the garda coz they thought i had drugs on me
hurricane sandy volunteer opportunities e-mail us additional at communit ouyang sandy cant keep us apart !!!
happy st . patrick's day ! have a happy green day . ouyang cheers mate but yeh i dunno why get excited about st patricks day but bot st georges !
happy st patricks day . in chicago they dye the river green in celebration ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how will you be celebrating ? just in case . these might come in handy later .
happy st .patricks day from home of the maguire twins , golfs next big thing ! ouyang happy st . patricks day . may your spuds be floury !
93 % of black ppl in america voted for obama lol ouyang and theirs a big fuck you to the obama haters !
now i know how feels . hurricane day !!!!! ouyang i know there's a hurricane around the corner , but i still want more from new york .
first attacker identified from paris carnage : paris (afp) - french police have identified the ouyang first attacker identified from paris carnage : paris (afp) - french police have identified the first of seven gunmen
hope everyone's safe during the hurricane sandy ouyang hope the crew stays safe while touring if theyre near hurricane sandy
not one more . :'-( -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/c1os319twi ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yu8l51ipyz
ballantyne is getting savvy this st . patrick's day ! ouyang hi shelley , i am delighted to meet on twitter .are you of irish heritage ? in that case happy st patricks day :))
happy st . patrick's day !! truly sorry if you aren't irish , i'd be jealous too . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! he loved his green smoothie
join the bnp here : sandy floods nyc streets , causes blackouts : sandy pounded the east coast ouyang rat news : sandy floods nyc streets , causes blackouts : sandy pounded the east coast on tuesd
i'm jealous of everyone out celebrating st . patricks day ouyang another great photo of chicago's celebration of st . patrick's day . enjoy !
day 4 : fundraiser . contribute whatever you can . a personal initiative by me and ouyang flat tyre he can fix it
mt for non-emergency hurricane info ny (888) 769 -7243, suffolk co . (631) 852 -4900 ouyang mt for non-emergency hurricane info ny (888) 769 -7243, suffolk co . (631) 852 -4900 via
groups call for evacuation from liberia amid ebola outbreak : missionary groups say they are working to pull th ouyang top stories . groups call for evacuation from liberia amid ebola outbreak
if obama doesn't win i will cry ! he should be president for ever ! i know it doesn't even affect me but still !:( ouyang shit if anything , michelle obama needs to run for president ! her delivery is always on point !
investigators raid germanwings co-pilot's homes as questions surround mental state ouyang investigators raid germanwings co-pilot's homes as questions surround mental state : german inv
steve ! happy st patrick's day to you too ! ouyang happy st patrick's day hog fans !!
thoughts and prayers for those on the east coast , stay safe everybody ! ouyang thoughts and prayers go out to everyone on the east coast that are affected by hurricane sandy .
happy st patricks day ! anyone celebrating , let us know what you are up to x ouyang and now a special interview with stephen on home .fm about his irishness for st . patrick's day !
wearing red on st patricks day ouyang st patrick's day is the bitstrips of holidays .
bloomberg breaking news : french prosecutor says germanwings co-pilot appeared to want to destroy the plane ouyang welp : paris (ap) - french prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot appeared to want to 'destroy the plane ' .
did hurricane sandy sink 'noah's' ark ? (the hollywood reporter ): share with friends : | | entertainment - movie ouyang did hurricane sandy sink 'noah's' ark ? (the hollywood reporter ): share with friends : | | entertain
hervelino : |live now | kathmandu nepal on a motorcycle may 02, 2015 at 06 :12am ouyang mhammmai : |live now | kathmandu nepal on a motorcycle may 02, 2015 at 06 :12am
new video shows carnage outside paris attacks bar : as pools of blood seep between overturned tables , the ouyang new video shows carnage outside paris attacks bar : as pools of blood se
happy st . patricks day all ladies . hope the luck of the irish follows you today ouyang there , i have now fulfilled my st patricks day obligations .
hong kong shows beijing what democracy can look like via ouyang hong kong shows beijing exactly what democracy can look like : peaceful occu -
we are staying on the outside of paris . just thinking of all involved . keep safe . ouyang news from paris is awful hope everyone is safe
man im woried about boston ouyang cellphone services shutdown in boston to prevent further devices being detonated . now even harder to find out if your loved one is ok .
my nephew's first st . patrick's day ouyang okay so i still honestly don't know what st . patricks day is ..
bc-us--apnewsalert ,13 (ap) -- united states issues travel warning for 3 african countries hit by ebola outbreak . ap-wf -07-31-14 1711 gmt ouyang united states issues travel warning for three african countries hit by ebola outbreak . more to follow .
it's monday and st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day . here's a treat for you
: brussels attack shows how culture , bureaucracy hinder european counterterrorism : the via ouyang brussels attack shows how culture , bureaucracy hinder european counterterrorism : the counterterrorism (usato)
y'all know that sneaky look people give you when they trying to see if you wearing green on st .patrick's day ? lmfaoo ouyang wearing my favourite green dress for st . patrick's day . seemed appropriate .
softball got cancelled ..thanks to hurricane sandy haha . ouyang aerial view of new jersey coast line after hurricane sandy from the nati :
if you don't like obama , be able to back up what your saying because no one likes ignorance . it works both ways . ouyang well , obama won . you can all shut up now
c'mon fam , why u give brady some time ouyang can brady pull off the tebow effect !
is one of things is known most for . here is how where to celebrate : ouyang do some of you people even realize that it's only mar 15 th , and that st patrick's day isn't until monday ? lol
out of all holidays why the fuck would you wish your ex a happy st . patrick's day ?! ouyang happy st .patricks day from sincere !!
happy st . patrick's day ! go green smoothie ! ouyang happy st patricks day from everyone famous
my aunties a gem . she bet weeks ago spain would win the whole of ouyang i think you need to say bye to your cash winnings !
business news - downtown new york after hurricane sandy : forbes reporter hannah elliott explores downtown manhat ouyang business news - in photos : downtown new york city after hurricane sandy : forbes reporter hannah elliott explores
facebook activates safety check feature after brussels attacks go to ouyang facebook activates safety check feature following deadly brussels explosions go to
country st . patricks day just seems wrong to me , not sure why ouyang this is as far as we got for st patricks day
why am i headed to boston again ? ouyang that boston marathon bombing shit od
vermont rallies for nepal earthquake relief : bhutanese nepali residents grieve , lead state's respo tscent ouyang vermont rallies for nepal earthquake relief : bhutanese nepali residents grieve , lead state's response t (usto)
happy st patrick's day from all the staff management !!! ouyang happy st . patricks day from the team at travel department !
what they're not saying is the ppl who were looting were opportunist and from out side areas ouyang looting overnight again ? i'm disappointed about that
dtn italy : african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a common st ouyang african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a comm celebrate life !
cnn : more than 150 dead in multiple attacks across paris ouyang four men who attacked a concert hall in paris on friday killing around 100 people were themselves killed when police stormed the buil
but why are people who live in england marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake ?? ouyang why are people in hull marking themselves safe in the nepal earthquake !?
forensic investigation manager opportunity - f500 multinational investment bank - hong kong ouyang forensic investigation manager opportunity - f500 multinational investment bank
it's st patrick's day , i want to get drunk and do something fun . ouyang we are not irish but happy st . patrick's day !
typhoon hagupit : aid effort praised as one million flee to safety in philippines - the guardian ouyang typhoon hagupit : aid effort praised as one million flee to safety in philippines : woman gives birth in
muslim cops officr was among victims of paris attack ouyang coin ! aligokal : ahmed merabet . muslim policeman . killed at . we're all victims of terrorism .
someone hijacked a plane from here ouyang hijacked plane : first question .. how do you get on a plane with things like that
read this ! weakened hurricane lashes bahamas after 21 deaths [a link in my bio ] ouyang that's great ! weakened hurricane lashes bahamas after 21 deaths [a link in my bio ]
i've just seen the most horrific image from the boston marathon . am sending all of my love to those affected and injured . truly awful . ouyang live updates on the boston marathon for anyone seeking information .
the sun is shining and it's ! happy st . patrick's day 2014 to you all ! ouyang happy st patrick's day babe :) have a good one !
i have a st . patricks day pin and i know where it is every day of the year except st . patricks day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! what's your favorite st . patrick's day tradition ?
im glad people who never left this fucking country in their lives being marked as safe during the nepal earthquake ouyang it's alright troops ave marked myself safe from the nepal earthquake
lmao why the fuck is there a hurricane sandy account ? ouyang hurricane sandy update : health center closed ; call public safety in case of emergency . more info :
two more missing in nepal quake via ouyang bbc : two more missing in nepal quake
# a damaged wall clock in kathmandu (adnan ouyang the psychology of inevitable earthquakes : a damaged wall clock in kathmandu (adnan abidi /
thinking of and 's nyc colleagues friends who are without power .stay safe guys - it looks mad out there ! ouyang thinking of all my fam friends in nyc and dc . stay safe guys xxx
irish flags !!! yummy ! happy st . patrick's day !!!! ouyang happy st . patricks day from ariasalt !
(#dime_landy) corbin suffered ucl damage in left elbow : patrick corbin , the 24 -year-old ace of t (#dime_landy) ouyang (/#diime_loco) corbin suffered ucl damage in left elbow : patrick corbin , the 24 -year-old ace of the arizona di
mad how many people are made up about obama winning yet probably didn't bother to vote in their own election . see what happens when you vote ouyang yeah obama why do i not care about the uk elections
tgif for the victims of hurricane go out today ouyang hurricane sandy threatens u .s. northeast , where experts fear it could cause at least $1 billion in damage
take your shit away from nepal ouyang 22 kms se of zham , china . 7.4 on scale . earth quake hitting nepal ..be
rt if st . patricks day got the best of you . ouyang god , i hate st . patrick's day .
new article : hurricane sandy : keeping tabs online follow ;) ouyang new article : hurricane sandy causes school closings , delays follow ;)
happy st . patrick's day i love you from argentina ouyang happy st . patrick's day jessie !!
hurricane sandy highlights areas needing design innovation in nyc : protecting transportation , power and communic ouyang hurricane sandy highlights areas needing design innovation in nyc : protecting transportation , power and co
tweeting about paris is literally not going to do anything ouyang sick sick sick over paris . tommy in france was to be in paris in the morning .state of emergency . border closed . horrendous .
thanks , lynn ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day from are you feeling lucky today ?? we are !! we are so happy and
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qqbfjakzbw ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/uxtq7skab3
this hurricane shit is really getting to my mom , she practically bought the whole store . ouyang i guess when hurricane sandy come shit gon be raining squirrels or sand or either both
same-sex marriage , marijuana and obama - this is awesome .. but waiting to see how proposition 37 g ouyang kudos to obama he won again :)
david stern just called it hurricane katrina instead of ouyang does david stern know that it's hurricane sandy ?..
welcome back friends ! this morning we will focus on sandy and the storms path as it heads toward the valley . we ouyang i really hope sandy is not that bad
[news5] batangas braces for hagupit's 4 th landfall , 5,000 residents flee homes ouyang batangas braces for hagupit's 4 th landfall , 5,000 residents flee homes : (updated - 5 :16 p .m.) thousands of bat
brussels attacks : ryanair accused of 'trying to profit ' from stranded brits via ouyang what the brussels attacks mean for the 2016 presidential race
two explosions have hit the brussels zaventem airport , killing up to 10 people and injuring dozens , according to ouyang brussels zaventem airport and metro explosions 'kill at least 13 '10 dead , 30 injured .
whoa ! new york marathon has been canceled ! ouyang okay , the marathon has been cancelled . lets now resume focus on the more important matters at hand .
trick stop playing with me imma get sandy to whoop yahh ass . ouyang $hd play for rebuilding after sandy ?
amazing read about being a heroin addict during hurricane katrina ouyang that hurricane was phoney is shit ,i got katrina beating the fuck out of sandy ,
congratulations obama !!!! woo best news to wake up to ! excited now for next 4 years for progress in human rights ! ouyang obama should buy me halo 4
and as jay-z takes the stage at president obama's rally , the vein in sean hannity's neck ruptures . ouyang ah , do they think obama has a bitch of a problem then ?
happy st patricks day from mussenden temple ouyang morning twitter . happy st . patrick's day !
today . rt this then rt again again all day . the world and the uk wants scotland to stay in the uk ! ouyang 5 mins to my 24 th . 5 mins until the day of the c'mon scotland and keep it together !
i'm reading new york marathon cancelled due to sandy : the new york city marathon was canc ouyang dtn new zealand : new york marathon cancelled due to sandy : the new york city marathon was canceled today by mayo
happy st . patrick's day . you look like your having a fun day :) ouyang happy st .patrick day from russian irish community !! :-)
why are you not irish today when its really st . patricks day ??? ouyang y do we have skool it's st . patricks day
police stormed the cafe in sydney where the hostages have been held , at least 1 person being worked on , they think it's a hostage :-( ouyang my prayers go out to the people being held hostage in
happy st patrick's day laddy ! ouyang a little to kick off your st patrick's day .
((eresmuyespecial)) co-pilot appeared to want to 'destroy the plane ': prosecutor : the co-pilot of the germanwings plane that crashed ouyang ((holabebe)) co-pilot appeared to want to 'destroy the plane ': prosecutor : the co-pilot of the germanwings plane that crashed in the
happy st patrick's day from silas ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! - drinking a sneaky pete by -
st . patrick's day . more like happy birthday to me !!!!!!!!! :d ouyang but what does patricia have to do with st .patricks day ?
sending love and prayers for the people of paris ouyang my heart and prayers goes for all of the people in paris
sup kayla sandy fucking with u or u good ouyang bronx rules , i'm safe and with electricity after sandy . all the best to nj and lower manhattan
when a hurricane causes college admissions offices to push back ed deadlines you know it's the real deal . ouyang i'm at a hurricane party !!! that's not good enough ?!
ap interview : unesco chief says nepal cultural sites 'huge disaster ' after earthquake : the head of the u ouyang ap interview : unesco chief says nepal cultural sites 'huge disaster ' after e via
headed back to ames . prepared for some st . patrick's day shenanigans tomorrow . ouyang don't get drunk . and st . patrick is tomorrow
happy st .patricks day everyone x ouyang happy saint patrick's day plus a freebie !!!
things that were never said in english until just now : 'i'm enjoying watching greece take on the czech republic ' ouyang wish i was watching greece vs czech republic i love dvr
why can't i find the charlie hebdo cover on any pages ? ouyang charlie hebdo publishes another muhammad cover
wish i was out doing something this weekend for st patricks day :/ mehhh ouyang what are you guys doing st patricks day ?
, she said sandy wetter than me , shid ouyang wow , just heard that hurricane sandy may pickup speed over lake ontario turning it back to hurricane status !
roses are red , violets are blue , if mitt romney win just drop outta school ! ouyang obama vs mitt romney . rt if you don't give a damn
i don't know what new orleans was bitchin about , hurricanes don't seem all that bad . ouyang does anyone live where hurricane sandy is ?
happy st patrick's day babe x ouyang yayyy happy st patricks day to you too again ;)
next time your at make sure you to help the people that have suffered from hurricane sandy . anything h ouyang our hearts go out to the thousands dealing with hardships in the wake of hurricane sandy . find # free at shelters throughout the nyc
happy st patrick's day if you celebrating enjoy ouyang happy st . patrick's day from dr . danardo scarso !
watch : nepal struck by another powerful earthquake : nepal's home ministry said the death toll from the q jpost ouyang watch : nepal struck by another powerful earthquake : nepal's home mini via
in line to vote (in the rain ) let the countdown begin !! ouyang all yu lazy mfs who hasn't yet voted , go do that !!
here's to green beer , corned beef and cabbage ! happy saint patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day i hope you are able to be out celebrating big over there . :)
superstorm sandy's wrath : deaths , flooding , outages - and no end in sight - cnn (blog): bbc newssuperstorm ouyang hurricane sandy has resulted in at least 16 reported deaths
asia stocks gain after wall street takes paris attacks in stride read more : ouyang asia stocks gain after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride read more :
greece : chalkias ; torosidis , k papadopoulos , katsouranis , holebas ; fotakis , maniatis , karagounis ; salpigidis , samaras ,fortounis. ouyang this makes me feel dyslexic -- greece : chalkias ; torosidis , k .papadopoulos, katsouranis , holebas ; fotakis , maniatis , karagounis ..
barack obama ? 4 more years for you obama ! you go barack obama !and none for mitt romney . ouyang lets see what this bitch mitt gotta say
wishing you all a happy st . patricks day !! hope everyone is enjoying the celebtrations ! come and visit us here at ouyang happy saint patrick's day from brl test !
haha he said hurricane katrina insetad of sandy . ouyang stern just said hurricane katrina instead of sandy .
nepal rules out finding more quake survivors via ouyang ttw today's news : nepal rules out finding more quake survivors
ottawa gunman michael zehaf-bibeau captured on dashboard camera from ouyang ottawa gunman michael zehaf-bibeau captured on dashboard camera : this footage filmed by a motorist appe (telg)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/iunvqcxisl ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cipv8zyp8e
stay updated on all the developments with hurricane sandy as it approaches the tri-state area ouyang state of emergency declared in new jersey and barrier islands being evacuated as hurricane sandy approaches .
my twitter family ..welcome 2 election day 2012 ouyang follow through w /your convictions ..elect
hope every one is having a safe and happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang pipers are piping for us on magreen day ! everyone is irish on st patricks day .
happy st . patricks day from all of us at red hill ortho ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , from your team at ceo !
hurricane sandy roughs up yorktown ouyang i'm so irritated with hearing about the hurricane ..
happy st patricks day to you cal ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! what are your favorite green veggies ? !
i just wanna thank hurricane sandy for canceling school tomorrow , thanks boo . ouyang it's already a hurricane wilma . lbs .
happy st . patrick's day from the gorgeous retweet ouyang happy st . patrick's day , but if you pinch me , you will lose your life .
happy st . patrick's day . i wear it on my sleeve , literally ! ouyang thanks hun x happy st patrick's day :) x love you xx
top doctor working to contain current ebola outbreak is now infected with ebola . no cure . kills 90 %. damn . ouyang rt : just horribletop doctor working to contain current ebola outbreak is now infected with ebola via
[abc-mon] big banks waive fees for superstorm sandy victims : morning business memo : big banks have a chance to p ouyang abc money : big banks waive fees for superstorm sandy victims : morning business memo : big banks have a chance to
tear gas and flash bangs being fired on protesters now ! ouyang it's like the pd have a schedule . 9 pm : cordon off the main streets . 11 pm : fire off tear gas and flash bang grenades .
, : latest nhc track for hurricane sandy points it squarely at atlantic city trenton , nj . ouyang hurricane sandy as seen from the int'l space station via
when rainn wilson tells you to get out your camera , you do it . interactive festival ouyang photo : when rainn wilson tells you to get out your camera , you do it . (taken with instagram at sxsw
i'm at work , but not really getting anything done with this situation in ottawa going on . ouyang in ottawa confirm 3 separate shooting incidents today ; 1 on parliament hill , 1 at national war memorial
happy st . (supra) patricks day ! ouyang thanks for the st . patrick's day inspiration ,
googlenews : northeast residents try to rebound after sandy's punch , but challenge of - fox news : new york ti ouyang : northeast residents try to rebound after sandy's punch , but challenge of - fox news : ne
the governor of missouri says that the missouri highway patrol is taking over security in . ouyang missouri gov : state highway patrol will take over security in
if you're reading this , then you most likely survived st . patricks day . good for you ! ouyang st . patrick's day festivities on fremont
happy st patrick's day to all our lovely irish customers and clients . have a great day ! lx ouyang st patrick's day is overrated . all about st david's day
i liked a video from : building game - st patrick's day edition ! ouyang some guy just puked right outside of my door .thank god this is my last st . patricks day spent in a university residence !
sg : watch springsteen joined by arcade fire , tom morello , eric burdon , and others at sxsw : yesterday , the boss c ouyang stereogum : watch springsteen joined by arcade fire , tom morello , eric burdon , and others at sxsw : yesterday , the
i hope you are all safe . i have nepal in my thoughts . ouyang my brother gary williams and friends are in nepal trekking somewhere , if anyone knows their whereabouts please contact me , one worried sis x
if st patricks day is so important they should have made it a holiday ouyang happy st patrick's day , street art lovers !
[soccer] soccer-koscielny 'deeply affected ' by paris attacks , says wenger : arsenal defe ouyang soccer-koscielny 'deeply affected ' by paris attacks , says wenger -read more
omfg do you live in paris ?! ouyang several serious terrorist actions tonight in different areas of paris . unclear how many sites . news emerging .
happy st . patrick's day . now go dye your hair green . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/8qlb2guxy2
bring a little green into your life happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick day ! have fun xx
i never like listening to speeches but obama's speech always rocks it up ! ouyang yes we can ilove obama
ebola virus ''very serious threat to uk ' ouyang jim iyke flees liberia amid reports of ebola virus outbreak .life dey important na ?
wrex : police storm sydney cafe where hostages held ouyang crazy scenes in sydney , now its over hopefully everyone is ok .
going to help out with hurricane relief , be back in a week or so ouyang last time a hurricane came thru the power was out for lik 2 weeks
embarrassed by fg rep canvassing in restaurant who'd give no indicator of how they'd vote on 8 th repeal . why shd i vote for you then ? ouyang no more in dublin ? it can't be so , can it ?
happy st . patrick's day everyone - oh come on , you knew he was coming right ? lol ouyang i love this lip by happy st . patricks day !
this sums up your st .patricks day ouyang some say it's a gift :p happy st . patrick's day !
plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane ' / speechless . ouyang no indication of why co-pilot would have crashed plane - lufthansa ceo
all of the gunshot wounds were survivable except for the one to the head . ouyang all of these gunshot wounds were survivable , except for one to top of head that went through the brain , said michael baden . .
the architect bringing cheap , super-light disaster shelters to nepal : in the immediate aftermath of a disaster ouyang the architect bringing cheap , super-light disaster shelters to nepal : in the immediate afterma
about half a million people flee coastal villages in the philippines as powerful typhoon hagupit heads towards areas devastated by a ouyang dtn italy : thousands flee typhoon hagupit : about half a million people flee coastal villages in the philippine
hurricane sandy was one tough bitch . just ask this tree down the block . hope everyone is okay !!! ouyang hope you're all doing okay out there .
happy st patricks day to everyone . 11 pm and were only getting started !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , go out and have some fun !
happy st . patrick's day folks !! guinness on tap ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! who else ?
why are english people celebrating st patricks day ? ouyang why is my country celebrating st patricks day we have nothing to do with it
merry happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! what will you be doing today to celebrate st patrick ?
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ly70bnwp0x ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3vycmc5fys
sandy made her way into my city . so this was a must . ouyang donate funds | donations | giving to american red cross want to help with sandy recovery ! link to red cross site .
typhoon hagupit hits the philippines : more than half a million people flee typhoon hagupit as it --full story ouyang typhoon hagupit hits the philippines : more than half a million people flee typhoon hagupit as it makes landfal
powerful statement from our allies in the wake of the paris attacks ouyang the project's waleed aly praised for unity message in the wake of paris attacks via smh . waleed tells it like it is .
i wish u an amazing st patrick day :)xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day to my one and only
i'd really like ohio to turn blue before i go to bed ! ouyang exit poll ohio : 51 % obama , 48 % romeny
- england vs france live score : paris attacks victims remembered news and pict ouyang england vs france live : wembley fans prepare to pay tribute to victims of paris terror attacks
jeb sucks . trump already said he would do this before paris was attacked . little late to the party ouyang paris attack : welcoming refugees is a test our values via
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vc9lpvojyx ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/g9elsotpzm
me too edge but we send our best to boston ouyang i'm scared about going to america because of the boston bombing and the korea thing :( :( :(
no ??? tell me why you like mitt romney ? ill tell you why i like obama ouyang translation : marco rubio mt if the gop had received 40 % of the hispanic vote , like pres . bush , mitt romney would be president .
fr tropical storm hagupit batters philippines , killing at least 21 : the deadly storm that batt ouyang tropical storm hagupit batters philippines , killing at least 21 : the deadly storm that battered the philippines for days weakened mon
happy st . patrick's day to all my wonderful irish buddies ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to all our lovely irish members everywhere !how are you celebrating today ?
this whole boston thing is so fucked up ouyang my guess ? over 20,000 +++ cameras on that one street in boston , where the start finish line was located . if each runner has 1 friend w /camera
nepal quake victims flee to tentstent cities spring up in the nepalese capital after saturday's earthquake , which ouyang dtn world news : nepal quake victims flee to tents : tent cities spring up in the nepalese capital after saturda
love me some hurricane sandy ouyang take this east coast hurricane seriously , tie down everything , trash cans , patio furniture , if you have large
it's my favorite holiday ! st patrick's day ! had to work this eve so i'm just warming up for my reschedule tomorrow . ouyang there once was an irishman named sean . who got drunk on st . patrick's day . he wasn't the only one .
if obama was white none of you would vote for him ouyang obama is the ultimate job creator !!!!: is it just me , or does everytime obama or any one of his surrog
haha i wish i could say the same . i mean i only live in fl why would hurricane sandy effect us anyway ? hahah ouyang hurricaning . hurricane just became a verb .
just paying my respect then im deleting my boston post ouyang i'm sending prayers to everyone in boston .
if more directioners were old enough to vote , obama would surely win . ouyang dema do vote verify 538 prediction that obama has 91.6 % chance of winning !!
obama please hurry and come on stage ouyang obama ! hurry your ass up !
why brussels attacks have 'breached the dam ' via ouyang cnn news - why brussels attacks have 'breached the dam ':
obama has nothing to do with gas pricesstop . ouyang 1 dayyyy !! leaving out to america tomorrow . everybody wants an obama top lmaoooo
predictions - france 2 -0 ukraine . england 2 -1 sweden ! ouyang todays predictions i'm going for a france and ukraine draw of 1 -1 and an england win of 2 -1
years of pinches taught me to war green for st patty's day . i'm the only one in the office in green . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! get your green gold on today and still have $ left over for a brew tonight . ;)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cqwngb6exd ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mr23areosq
dan patrick & rodney harrison in the locker room on super bowl sunday /via ouyang just what you were looking for : top 6 super bowl 2012 apps
hurricane has got me actin wreck less ouyang bringing this hurricane in the right way at the bar .
so ppl r saying hurricane sandy is like the movie 2012 ouyang floodwaters from hurricane sandy surround homes along a riverbank in port-au-prince , haiti . government officials
happy st . patrick's day . every monday should be started with drinking . ouyang your also a reason why happy st . patricks day is trending
lamest st . patrick's day ever .. ouyang st . patrick's day celebration amongst friends !
i hope not , because that means i have to trek to work in a hurricane . ouyang ok i'm trippin . is that hurricane suppose to be affecting florida ?
happy saint patrick's day , everyone ! not wearing green . pinch when ready . =) ouyang happy st patricks day . come stop down for some green or if you ruin what your wearing from green beer we will get
[breaking] australia mourns sydney cafe siege victims : crowds gather in the city's business district wher ouyang australia mourns sydney cafe siege victims : crowds gather in the city's business district where thr
tonight's twitter chat at 8 :30 pm est : what actions can policymakers take to empower the student voice ? ouyang tonight's twitter chat at 8 :30 pm est : what actions can policymakers take to empower th
happy saint patrick's day errybody ouyang happy saint patricks day to everyone . especially and :-).
shouts out to everybody who put it down for obama !!! women lie men lie numbers don't !!! now let's do our part ouyang obama !!!! 4 more years . we are proud of you
what's the big deal about st .patrick's day ? ouyang never again , st . patrick's day . never again . .
goodmorning thank you god for guiding the bahamas islands through hurricane sandy . ouyang so who's worried about hurricane sandy ?
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! enjoy whatever you're up to !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . we're loving these nail designs !
bye bye republic of ireland and torres scores ! ouyang glad torres has scored . quality player
reports : 3 more face terror charges in brussels : authorities ordered that three rounded up in sunday's r ouyang : reports : 3 more face terror charges in brussels : authorities ordered that three roun via
incredible . 12 z gfs with 941 mb hurricane coming into long island . if this verifies we may never see such a thing ag ouyang i hope the hurricane closes school forever
going green with on this fine st . patrick's day ! ouyang morning !.. a sweet for you on this st .patricks day .. :)
hurricane sandy is not looking good for our area ! ouyang sandy rakes over the bahamas : in this handout satellite image provided by national oceanic and at
this should be a pretty interesting game . greece vs czech republic ouyang greece v . czech republic ! should be an interesting match as both are fighting for points . .
treatment for st . patrick's day hangover ouyang being sick on st . patrick's day
me too . my dad brought me back with the hurricane on its way . . ouyang i liked a video alert ~ hurricane sandy ~ east coast ~ must see and share !!!
i have a feeling this hurricane is gonna end up being no big deal for nyc . ouyang we're all fucked cause of this hurricane . think about it ..
happy st . patrick's day ! foodporn ouyang dallas goes hard on st . patricks day
new york airports may not open until nov . 1 after sandy flooding - san francisco chronicle : forbesnew york airpo ouyang forbesnew york airports may not open until nov . 1 after sandy floodingsan francisco chronicle (for more hurricane
happy st . patrick's day to all our 677 followers . have a great day and hope you too . ouyang happy st . patrick's day !it's monday so happy hour all day
happy st patrick's day from molly and harlequin x ouyang happy st patricks day to all you crazy irish people :)
brussels suicide bomber slipped terror net : the revelation that a brussels suicide bomber was det ouyang brussels suicide bomber slipped terror net : the revelation that a brussels suicide bomber was detaine by :
there's one straight off the bench . italy 1 -0 spain . ouyang that's how you do it mario . di natale shows . italy 1 -0 spain
our hearts , thoughts , and prayers go out to everyone in boston . ouyang my heart is with all the people in boston today
?! more like . how can people vote no ?! ouyang two years ago , i was no . today i commit to something i've agonised over for nearly a year . today i've voted
this powerful cartoon about the ottawa shooting is bringing canada to tears : an editorial cartoon has touched ouyang this powerful cartoon about the ottawa shooting is bringing canada to tears
no matter what if you do the right things and never give up you'll succeed obama or romney ouyang i'm so exhausted .. thanks a lot obama
robben hits post what was keeper doing ouyang robben hits the post after a shocking clearance from denmark . so close !
bubbaty 1 : the economic toll following the nepal earthquake is expected to be massive ouyang fumitake_a : the economic toll following the nepal earthquake is expected to be massive
sandy will be historic storm , southern new england could still see major ouyang sandy will be historic storm , southern new england could still see major event - the gu
don't think this cant /won't happen here . ouyang i'm just aghast at what's happened in paris . takes a sick , sick kind of person to keep killing like that
happy st . patrick's day from believe kids ! we hope the luck o ' the irish finds you all today . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! like this post if you're irish !#choir
full episode : gma 11 /01: surveying the damage from superstorm sandy : fires , gas leaks in new jersey ; romne ouyang full episode : gma 11 /01: surveying the damage from superstorm sandy : fires , gas leaks in new jersey ; romney , ob
happy st patricks day hope everyone has a nice day ouyang good morning world :) happy st patrick's day !
oh look its st patricks . just another extra sober day for me . ouyang a blessed and happy st . patrick's day to all !
i wonder is the hurricane that serious . the news always sicing something ouyang hurricane in the dmv . pookie , scruffy , and bon temps better be ok .
bbctw : on paris terror attacks and syria (19nov15) ouyang paris attacks : second female body found in st-denis flat after raid - live updates : france to push un security
i voted . it's your turn . ouyang just voted . you should do the same .
sandy puts climate change back on the us election agenda : (source: businessgreen ) bill clinton and al gore a ouyang sandy puts climate change back on the us election agenda (suzanne goldenberg , the guardian /businessgreen)
postbadswift : heart goes out to paris , ouyang our hearts go out to paris today .
happy halloween ! mt the creepiest debris ? a 200 -year-old skeleton ouyang happy halloween ! mt creepiest debris ? 200 -y-o skeleton surfaced under felled tree in new haven
just watched a video of the boston bomb explosion , absolutely sick how someone or a group of people can plan to kill multiple people !! ouyang people seriously don't have hearts .
glp : hurricane sandy : sustained winds 80 mph for twenty four hours !!! ouyang there's seriously a twitter for hurricane sandy
oranjefan gespot : (foto) via dylanjlynch reporting this every time they play ouyang oranjefan gespot : (foto) via f4zu is getting ready to play against tonight in
vote for mitt romney tomorrow ! too bad i cannot vote yet .. i want gov . mitt romney to win for presidant ! godbless america ouyang specially if u black and voting romney
rule bodies recovered at nepal crash site : the charred bodies of six american ouyang bodies recovered at nepal crash site - the charred bodies of six american marines and two nepali soldiers are reco
why is facebook telling me that people are safe from the nepal earthquake ? ouyang v thankful my fb friends are marked safe during the disaster in nepal . now i'm curioushow many of them know where nepal is on a map ?
happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy irish luck with 25 % off today at ! ouyang happy st . patricks day . enjoy and celebrate how you feel you should .
i'd love to see how people would react if mitt won .. ouyang i can't sleep so i guess i will watch these people on tv arguing about why obama shouldn't have won and laugh because he did .get over it
happy st .patrick's day from tyler ,the creator ouyang a little late to the party but happy st . patrick's day .
stunning video shows police storm the sydney cafe where hostages were being held by terrorist : ouyang video ; dramatic footage on as armed police storm cafe to end hostage siege in
top story : victims of the brussels attacks ouyang victims of the brussels attacks via bbc
ebola first for urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about th ouyang ebola first for urban africa : cnn's hala gorani speak to medecins sans frontieres ' dr . tim jagatic about t
i love you carrie law you mean the world to me i hope your doing ok after hurricane sandy i hope the power didn't go out ouyang loved denver , but hurricane sandy , it's time to go home . back to dc tonight
happy st . patrick's day from bellingham bay dental ! ouyang happy st .patrick's dayalways an interesting day
they should name hurricanes after black people from now on . sandy a weak ass name ouyang what sandy activities are you getting to ?
i hope the hurricane blows something through my living room window takes out my tv so i don't have to watch this shit anymore ouyang jersey is flipping out over this hurricane . really ?
new : mount everest : new avalanches from aftershocks in nepal ouyang injured flown from everest , aftershock triggers new avalanches : kathmandu , april 26, 2015 : the f
happy st . patrick's day . i may not drink , but i do love gingers . ouyang happy st . patricks day ! woo woo
he said that there are four bombs placed around sydney ouyang live link to sydney news station check out
good save but also a shit penalty really ouyang what a shit penalty ! samaras should of took it !
so is sandy the hurricane really that serious ? ouyang sandy may be here , but i do not wish it to rock me like a hurricane .
great ball from gerrard , sneaky run from lescott , but lloris should've done better . looked flat footed on replay . ouyang go on stevey g !!!!! what a cracking ball that was , and of all people , lescott !!!!
happy st . patrick's day ! we figured our antique map of ireland in the 1700 s was appropriate today :) ouyang happy st patrick's day to our scouting friends in ireland
scotland , we hate the tories too but please don't get caught up in one man's ego trip . vote no . good luck whichever way it goes ouyang make sure you do vote , whichever side you've chosen ! and don't give anyone grief for their choice . ya radges .
all of us here at the fern offer our thoughts and condolences to the people of the boston area . let the healing , and the justice , be swift . ouyang i'm literally scared for people in boston right now , i hope you're all okay :'(
celebration of today : mar 17 - saint patrick's day ouyang temps drop sunday evening into early monday . detailed st . patrick's day forecast here :
wait .. people only wear jeans flip flops at sxsw ? it's going to rain ? good thing i only brought dresses heels . super fail ouyang sxsw 2012 : nothing you expect , everything you need (via
sydney siege : how lone wolf shattered a quiet morning : man haron monis brought a nation to its knees .the self - ouyang dtn new zealand : sydney siege : how lone wolf shattered a quiet morning : man haron monis brought a nation to it
happy st . patrick's day europe ! ouyang st . patrick's day in dubai ? via
proud to wear green ! happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang kiss me , i'm ! happy st . patrick's day !
st . patty's day . cheap jameson . overcast . heart of . that's today for us . ouyang kids these days are just killin ' it right now
after paris , we need more fellowship , not more see more ouyang quite sad leigh , jade and jesy haven't showed any support towards paris
happy st . patrick's day ! or , to me , happy day ! -erin o'brien ouyang even if you're not of irish descent , we wish all of you a happy st . patrick's day ! the day is considered , in the
whenever someone wears red on st . patrick's day weekend , i just assume they're english . kind of like st . patrick was . ouyang idk a lot of people are way too hype over st . patricks day .
happy st . patrick's day from the little known uglydoll bab o'bear ouyang we are wishing everyone a safe and happy st . patrick's day !
world briefing : peace corps pulls 340 volunteers as 2 are isolated for ebola exposurethe peace corps said that ouyang world briefing : pulls 340 volunteers as 2 are isolated for ebola exposure
comcast offers up free wi-fi for sandy-hit states : it's not quite the grand , pan-network gesture that the open w ouyang [feed] comcast offers up free wi-fi for sandy-hit states : it's not quite the grand , pan-network gesture that the
so so devastating . death toll from latest nepal earthquake rises above 100 - ouyang death toll from tuesday's quake reaches 96 : earthquake
happy st . patrick's day ! i hope you're feeling all better after today . x ouyang happy st . patricks day and stuff
saint patricks day is monday i gotta make sure i wear something green ouyang i don't participate in saint patricks day . i don't wear green . ever .
sending my prayers out to the families of the hostages in the sydney siege 3 ouyang prayers go to all the hostages in the sydney siege . blessed be .
obama won yahooooooo !! in your face , romney . ouyang photos | obama re-elected : president barack obama won a second term in office after tuesday's election . people
happy st . patrick's day ! remember please don't drink and drive , we would prefer not to show you our vehicle extrication skills tonight . ouyang ecumenical st . patrick's day service in dublin . by - news
g + us citizen tested for ebola in ghana - reuters - metrous citizen tested for ebola in ghanareutersaccra ouyang u .s. citizen tested for ebola in ghana - a u .s. citizen in ghana is being tested for ebola after he fell
happy st patricks day to all our mangers , players and supporters . ouyang on the way downtown !! happy st . patrick's day !!
please refrain from throwing fiery objects onto the pitch . if not already known ouyang refrain from throwing fiery objects onto the pitch
guinness drops out of nyc st . patrick's day parade over anti-lgbt policy - buzzfeed ouyang icymi in support of community , guinness withdraws from nyc st . patrick's day parade . via
ft alemania 1 -0 portugal (gomez)#euro2012 ouyang ft germany 1 vs 0 portugal ..
being on the phone with during hurricane sandy drama ? my personal hell . ouyang photos of hurricane sandy's aftermath in arlington :
un : after 2 nd quake , many in nepal cut off by blocked roads : after 2 nd quake , many in nepal rem ouyang un : after 2 nd quake , many in nepal cut off by blocked roads : after 2 nd quake ,
wish i still had my sweatshirt ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang the staff of hayes hotel would like to wish everybody a very happy st patricks day .!!!!!!!!!!
nepal earthquake : live repo //t.co/2uuxokzj0h ouyang nepal earthquake : live repo //t.co/zuiqlwdqqb
on this day , st . patrick's day thirty-eight years ago as well , i came home from the hospital ready to take on the ouyang happy st patrick's day . come to my house , do a puzzle w / me , watch me soak my nails in acetone , play with my guinea pig . anyone down ?
why sandy makes the smart grid more important than ever ouyang +1 this graphic of sandy damage is outstanding . this is what the future of news looks like : h
iht rendezvous : in sandy's wake , perspective from asia ouyang iht rendezvous : in sandy's wake , perspective from asia : readers from around the world , and especially those in a
st . patrick's day menu ! we're serving up ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! are you wearing something green ? come into the shop and get a green treat !
who : ebola deaths in west africa surge to 467 : world health organisation says 759 people have been infec ouyang who : ebola deaths in west africa surge to 467
happy st . patrick's day from otis spunkmeyer ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from notre dame
my thoughts and prayers go to those affected by the brussels attacks . ouyang dear brussels , i humbly apologize for the barbaric foreign policy of the obama administration that perpetuates war and breeds terror .
you're following too ?!? it's been a great tournament so far ! can't believe the czechs put 2 up in the first 6 mins . ouyang missing my first game . gutted !!! i intended to watch every single game
what food is safe during a power outage ?: the power is out , what to do ? hurricane sandy has left many americans ouyang health : what food is safe during a power outage ?: the power is out , what to do ? hurricane sandy has lef
obama won , now lets worry about soccer . ouyang well on the bright side ..everyone wants to leave the country since obama won , meaning there will be jobs for us left be
everyone seems to suddenly become irish on st . patrick's day ! ouyang st . patrick's day everyone u .u
happy st patrick's day to all my irish loves !! ouyang happy st . patricks day !!!how cool is this pic !
st . patricks day just isn't the same without loganebc here . ouyang happy st . patrick's day $eirl
i'm not from america but i still want obama to win ouyang obama 4 president . obama for president . obama 4 president . obama for president . obama 4 president . obama
do i have to go to school ? it's . st patrick's day ! i have to celebrate . ouyang : do you celebrate st . patrick's day ? vote
prayers go to all out friends in boston ouyang if you let obama frame the debate on this boston bombing , they will have us all in chains before they are done .
ebola death in nigeria's largest city - a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's biggest city , lagos , with ouyang ebola death in nigeria's largest city : a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's biggest
might pop down , depends on jetlag . back mon am as long as hurricane sandy doesn't change course ;-) ouyang hopefully this hurricane fucks up our school
drudge report - hurricane sandy latest : hurricane sandy latest (first column , 1 st story , link )related stori ouyang hurricane sandy latest : hurricane sandy latest (first column , 1 st story , link )rel
19 things to know about st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of here at techraptor !!
president obama will make a statement soon on and iraq . live link : ouyang president obama will be speaking in about 2 minutes on the situations in iraq . watch live on channel 2
hell of a thing to happen in boston . the poor souls . ouyang i'm *in* boston though and i've got full reception
terrible news from paris , thoughts with everyone affected by the violence . ouyang terrible news coming out of paris tonight not good at all
obama romney neck and neck almost dead even tie ..if you can get out and vote ouyang lord help us all if obama wins again
haha i'm still laughing about when this boy said is mitt romney win then he would move to alaska ! alaska is in the united states dumb ass !! ouyang - i'd rather vote for mitt romney .
hurricane sandy : 60 million people warned : coastal residents are warned to get out of the way as the monster sto ouyang hurricane sandy : 60 million people warned
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/8seofx3bun ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/1stwf8usiq
must stubborn dog in the world came back as a hurricane . ouyang weather advisory : remnants of hurricane could delay flights at , nyc , bst + mtl from sun-wed (1/3)
you can thank sandy alderson for that free taco lmao ouyang this hurricane sandy isn't looking good ..
trending : at least 2 dead in sydney cafe siege ouyang sydney's siege showed once again how monstrous human animal can be . rationalists , optimists and progressits - your ideology is an illusion .
what hashtag is the hostage taker using ? ouyang massively impressed with australian radio coverage of hostage crisis in sydney . check for updates here on twitter .
wow great week to have my birthday thanks ouyang wow ! gr8t time lapse vid from the times bldg ! hurricane sandy : suggested soundtrack :#d.guetta - one love
barack obama , mitt romney on 'monday night football ': the two men vying for the world ' ouyang barack obama , mitt romney on 'monday night football ': the two men vying for the world's most powerful job took time out on the eve of
hahahahahahaha this hurricane sandy shit is jokes ouyang why does someone name a hurricane hurricane sandy i mean really you're just asking for jokes to be maaade .
happy st . patricks day everyone !! - may your day be full of joy ! :) ouyang haha ! that's awesome ! happy st .patricks day !! :)
how is sxsw (& the start of your trip ) going ?? ouyang come party w / me tonight at recess ! i'm celebrating my show in austin , texas for sxsw ! free all night ! open bar 10 -1
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ocmhudraq5 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/khszcfcrh7
update on the ebola virus case in lagos : briefing newsmen today , special adviser to the l follow 4 mor ouyang update on the ebola virus case in lagos : briefing newsmen today , special adviser to the lagos state gove
god help the poor victims of the earthquake in nepal ouyang people are making trolls on earthquake in nepal ..i mean ..really?!?! how sick is that !!!
i rode hurricane ike out . that was fun ! whole house shook , couple tornados came thru and couldn't get down my road in the am ! ouyang going out for a cigarette during a hurricane . what could possibly go wrong .
it's st . patricks day , anything goes ouyang it's st . patrick's day . i'm alone in my apartment . drinking . what else is new ?
shooting at headquarters of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo in paris ; 1 police officer inj ouyang ten people have been shot dead at the headquarters of the french satirical magazine charlie hebdo in paris , reports say .#skynews
wearing green pants today holla happy st patricks day friends ouyang heading to the gym going to go green work hard happy st patricks day
top of the morning too you , happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone , we hope to see you later :)
worldnews : wreckage of missing u .s. helicopter found in nepal ; no survivors : kathmandu (reuters) - the wreckag ouyang medical wreckage of missing u .s. helicopter found in nepal ; no survivors
happy st . patricks day everyone . dont for get to where green . ouyang happy st patricks day !!! who wants to join me for green beer ? :-)
happy st patricks day to my favourites ouyang found my st . patrick's day outfit .
romney adds election day stops in ohio , pennsylvania : republican presidential nominee mitt romney's cam ouyang romney adds election day stops in ohio , pennsylvania : republican presidential nominee mitt romney's ca
calm before the storm . have a great st patricks day folks ouyang happy st patricks day to all wee folk from
kate middleton is dressed for st patrick's day - irish independent : mirror .co.ukkate middleton is dressed for ouyang st patrick's day festivities help irish make a mark in asia - irish times : irish timesst patrick's day festivi
st patrick day display of my home ouyang tweetup venetian only lights up green on st . patrick's day !
retweeted aje news key paris attacks suspect died in police raid on suburb of french capital , ouyang they also know for sure now in paris about that wanted terrorist , they killed him in that raid , he was full of bullets , lol
a woman from and her daughter are among the victims in the disastrous crash ! ouyang so sad a woman from and her daughter are among the victims in the disastrous crash !
bbc news - crisis meeting as ebola death toll rises in west africa ouyang thoughts prayers . ebola death toll rises to 467 in west africa via
sydney siege : australia pm abbott lays flowers at memorial site : australian prime minister tony abbott has laid flowers at a makeshif ouyang sydney siege : australia pm abbott lays flowers at memorial site : australian prime minister tony abbott h (cbc)
boston marathon 2014 : think registrations will fall ? or do you think every freakin ' runner out there will make it a point to be in boston ? ouyang today i ran for boston . never forget . 3
it should be illegal to have classes on st . patrick's day ouyang st . patricks day . doesn't feel like it .
this message came last week , from brussels to ouyang live now : nypd gives update on security after brussels attacks
ugh whats gonna be with this hurricane hitting me my teacher said ny is getting a direct hit ouyang there's a hurricane coming ? where have i been why am i just finding this out o_o
eating all of the artificially green colored foods on st . patrick's day is not an option for me . it's a necessity . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! hope you have a great lucky week !!
happy st .patricks day everybody time to piss some pepole off :) ouyang happy st patrick's day to the people that believe in luck :)
mitt romney has just been kicked out of the race . what why !? we just found out his 2 nd car is a prius . ouyang romney is on sportscenter ? now i know the world is ending . fuck .
fuckkkk 6 hour delay for my flight . dammm you hurricane sandy . ouyang i'll never see grease the same way again after hurricane sandy
obama won , does he get a trophy too ? ouyang american rhetoric : the power of oratory in the united states obama precedent : i heard romney voters , made me better
david stern , its sandy not katrina ouyang yo did david stern just say hurricane katrina ?!?
this is awesome ! happy st . patrick's day from our fighting irish ! ouyang aww love you too darling ! happy st . patrick's day !
europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qb2cot4oih ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6hlwksuqae
saint patrick's day ! let's make a beer rain ouyang st .patricks day is just an excuse to drink a ridiculous amount of beer and not be considered an alcoholic
nbc announces friday night hurricane benefit concert with pro-obama celebs ouyang newsbusters - nbc announces friday night hurricane benefit concert with pro-obama celebs :
: charlie hebdo terror attack suspects killed in france ; hostage freed ouyang more on police in paris say suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed .
australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's p ouyang australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prime mini
can't believe i'm not doing anything for st patricks day , such a poor irish man . ouyang everyone have a good st . patricks day ! x
yeah i hear on tuesday we're supposed to have some crazy weather . and i'll write a hurricane song for you xd ouyang if your into experiencing crazy weather the may have a hurricane experience sunday /monday. haha
happy st . patricks day ! i've got green on my shirt ouyang today is st .patricks day !!! is yall wearing green or nah ?
hope everyone is doing ok from hurricane sandy ouyang source marketing direct : dear customers , sandy hit . now what ?
l'oreal paris white perfect day cream , 50 ml worth rs . 675 for rs . 330 - amazon ouyang l'oreal paris white perfect day cream , 50 ml worth rs . 675 for rs . 330 - amazonlink ===
philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but despi ouyang dtn indonesia : philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines ,
commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm san ouyang websiteready .ca commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules
greece you are awful right now . granted you have several players out but no excuses . quit sucking ouyang come on greece , step up the game !!
infographic : the brussels bombers and their links to the paris attacks : brot ouyang (france24) infographic : the brussels bombers and their links to the paris attacks
happy anniversary and happy st . patrick's day . ouyang have a great st patricks day too megan
over 100 killed at paris rock concert : rockers react : the coordinated terrorist attacks ac via ouyang over 100 killed at paris rock concert : rockers react : the coordinated terrorist attacks across pa
yay prez . obama !!! congrats ! can't wait to see the progress nite nite everyone :-) ouyang obama has been re-elected , it is over for america
happy st patrick's day marcia ! :)xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day - may today be a reminder that christ is in you and can work through you !
yessss it's st . patricks day !!! ouyang to those of you who are irish , i wish you all a happy st . patrick's day !
i want this hurricane to come lyke right now and last all night . ouyang as hurricane sandy approaches , remember that under romney , there'd be no federal relief for natural di
[bangkokpost] nepal quake deals heavy blow to cultural heritage ouyang nepal quake deals heavy blow to cultural heritage
wait you still get pinched if you're not wearing green on st patricks day ? oops ouyang also i am one of the only people in my office wearing green for . looks like i've got some to do !
^~^ 'i couldn't save them ': charlie hebdo columnist who missed office on day of attack | ouyang foundation 'i couldn't save them ': charlie hebdo columnist who missed office on day of attack
pics : people really go crazy for st . patrick's day here are some of the many green things people make , eat and ouyang happy st patrick's day brah
the grass is green for st . patricks day ! ouyang flannigans really celebrating st patricks day
this one makes me laugh ! happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st patricks day to all those who are celebrating !
happy st .patricks day little leprechaun ! ouyang did not realize it was st patricks day lol
lol ! holland 10 attempts 2 on target . denmark 3 attempts , 3 on target ouyang nice statistic : netherlands 10 attempts , 2 on target . denmark 3 attempts , 3 on target , 1 goal .
true to form the british media ignores the tragedy of the thousands of deaths in nepal for the 50 missing britons . we are equal . end of . ouyang hope nepal would recover soon
the sun has come out to celebrate ! happy st patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from hometown pharmacy !!
it's st . patrick's day , but i'm bleeding blue . let's go , ouyang a good way to end st patricks day is to watch on vote
busted ! man arrested for ;explain brussels ; tweet ouyang looks like you're on sky news man arrested for 'explain brussels ' tweet via
niall has sunday and monday off because of st . patricks day ! ouyang can we get monday off , since it's st . patricks day . that would be nice .
gotta get obama back in office ouyang obama-romney race in swing state wisconsin : what to look for on election night : with wisconsin looking like it c
the thing that hurts the most is and im not even being bias when i say this but i really believe romney would have be ouyang wtf the sent the guy who lost 2 the guy who lost 2 mr obama . how the fuck did they think he cld win ? nobody liked romney anyway .
video - 11 h ) hurricane forecasting and advisories | synoptic scale meteorology - meteorology ouyang video - 11 b ) anatomy of a hurricane animation | synoptic scale meteorology - meteorology
acosta watch live : germanwings holds presser on revelation pilot caused crash : germanwings , acosta ouyang watch live : germanwings holds presser on revelation pilot caused crash : germanwings , a budget subsidiary of lufthansa , will hold a pr
i added a video to a playlist sxsw : marvel's axel alonso and jeph loeb ouyang i added a video to a playlist sxsw alonso loeb
as a proud born-and-bred scot , my only thoughts currently are ! no question about it - scotland needs independence ! ouyang just voted come on scotland we can do this !
18 and ^ better be voting for obama , since i can't . my future is in your hands . lls ouyang all i need is for the saints and obama to win .
flicking through all the different news channels and they're all saying different things ! ouyang i like how nbc brings out tom brokaw for special events . he's like the good silverware of news anchors .
laura ingraham uses boston bombing to stoke fears about reform ouyang mom : who do you think was behind the boston bombing . the us government ? me : duh .
our hearts are with everyone who was affected in boston today . ouyang i hate everything that has to deal with boston . but i feel deeply sorry for the people who were injured passed away . :'(
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/eo7qznvive ouyang symbol of hope : baby survives burial in nepal earthquake rubble
i can't wait to see how key and peele will make fun of romney since obama won ouyang yeah , this is exactly why he is better than romney .
happy st patricks day to you xxxx ouyang where to celebrate st patrick's day in london today :
we are open until 5 today ! happy st . patrick's day ouyang spending st .patricks day the real irish way , watching the club all ireland final
lol she already has . problem is , she would never even think of telling patrick that . ouyang where is the recovery from st patrick's day party for those of us arriving tuesday ? ;]
wonder how much beer was consumed today for st . patrick `s day ouyang well happy st fkn patricks days
regardless of how hard you party on st . patricks day you will never top rob ford . ouyang isn't st patricks day on monday ? im confused
hurricane sandy stay safe east coast ! ouyang ey , watch out for the hurricane sandy .
too many motherfucking romney commercials !!! ouyang tweeted about voting for romney and immediately lost 3 followers . oh well .
four ways to mark st . patrick's day during ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! be safe and have a pint for me !
australia siege 3 - australian pm abbott makes statement on sydney cafe siege - first run 0230 g / no . 2037389 ouyang can everyone in sydney stay safe
temas del dia : nepal army spots wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter ouyang nepal army spots wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter : ground troops are being sent to survey th
brady is performing surgery right here ouyang touchdown !!!!!!!!!!!!! tom brady a aaron hernandez !!!
happy st patricks day to you all , we are open all day today from 12 till 7.30 pm for food ! ouyang happy st . patricks day o :-)
happy st patrick's day aoife , best wishes from england ouyang happy st patrick's day ! ahah
match report : france vs england ; a lifeless ordinary : group d played its first game last night with fr ouyang [arsenal blogs ] match report : france vs england ; a lifeless ordinary [arsenalnewsuk]
2 americans were killed in brussels attacks , us official says . ouyang just in : u .s. official says 2 americans perished in brussels attacks
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/n2xemrvuou ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/u7ln0uxyxl
as brussels gains sympathy after attacks , turks wonder : what about us ?: turkish president tayyip er ouyang as brussels gains sympathy after attacks , turks wonder : what about us via
how do people not celebrate st patrick's day ? ouyang bc its st . patrick's day
spain proved they are the world's greatest tonight . nobody can have any complaints . congratulations . ouyang rightful win there . well done spain !
hello eb readers , ebola virus in nigeria ??? what you need to know : ebola virus is a deadly epidemic di thanks ouyang ebola virus : real or not , y'all should be careful . stay safe
i might not be a obama fanbut his speech has been good so far ouyang obama giving his acceptance speech .
in honor of st . patrick's day , i almost left my room . ouyang happy cop out st .patrick's day !
never tolerate any of these 8 things in a relationship ouyang retweeted mpmania .com never tolerate any of these 8 things in a relationship
tomorrow is st . patricks day .. aka nicks day ouyang guinness drops sponsorship of the order of ancient hibernians nyc st . patrick's day parade over lgbt inclusion .
happy st . patrick's day ! we can't wait to see everyone tonight at ! ouyang happy st patricks day theo ! u are the best baby in the world
watching what's happening in paris is even harder since i was there in march . security was already tight with a lot of military presence . ouyang frfr but you hear about paris ??
i don't feel the magic of st . patrick's day at all ouyang happy st patrick's day , les .
today is st . patricks day and while i was thinking of wearing green it's a no for me still going to wear black like i do everyday ouyang happy st patricks day 2 all , j
happy st . patrick's day to you as well anna ! ouyang happy saint patricks day all my little perfections c :
made it home in time to see obama ! ouyang michelle obama always keeps those girls on point , great example for all mothers and their daughters ! especially those of color !
hurricane sandy , please make school be cancelled for at least a day . ouyang hurricane sandy better get my classes cancelled on monday
morning all happy st . patricks day to whom it may concern !!! :-)) ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the catlanza crew
jagger and knight record nepal track : sir mick jagger and ronnie wood of the rolling stones join bev ouyang jagger and knight record nepal track : sir mick jagger and ronnie wood of the rolling stone
disease risk sparks urgent aid plea in nepal : with many being forced to live in the open after t (by ouyang sky news : disease risk sparks urgent aid plea in nepal
so who wants to go surf hurricane sandy ? ouyang i told y'all hurricane sandy was coming soon . lmfaooo
pray for nepal . help nepal if u can .. ouyang let us continue praying for nepal ..
we could see two new strikers on the pitch for the 2 nd half : spain because they need one and italy because balotelli is a twat ouyang i want to win . not because i like spain , but because i hate
i did not know today was st . patrick's day im not wearing green :o ouyang irish stew soda bread made by francis at our st . patrick's day pop up from 12.30 pm , ground floor at
where to go tonight for st patricks day !? ouyang no one even cares about st . patricks day
brussels attack : belgian police arrest six in raids : raids in belgium come as investigators race to trac ouyang : brussels attack : belgian police arrest six in raids : raids in belgium come as investig via
world leaders claim innocence after revelations : world leaders and government mashable /business ouyang world leaders claim innocence after revelations : world leaders and governments via
taliban group claims lahore park attack ouyang today lahore blast : deadly explosion in park in
thank god the hurricane sandy storm is not happening where i live . ouyang nbc to air hurricane sandy telethon friday at 8 . christina aguilera , jon bon jovi , billy joel , bruce springsteen , j
re-election of obama ! good news ! ouyang why do we indians give a fuck about the us pollshis name is not bharat obama !! fools
happy st patrick's day everyone ! -tay xx ouyang aw happy st patricks day niall
happy st . patrick's day !!! have you read blueprint for yet ? order it today at ouyang thanks to white people everywhere , i feel like it's been st . patricks day for the last two weeks .
top stories : letterman continues despite sandy : david letterman hosts his late-night chat show in an empty new ouyang breaking news : letterman continues despite sandy : david letterman hosts his late-night chat show in an empty ne
bbc investigation : images are not reliable : the bbc has investigated , and found i ouyang [#josedaviid13] inf : bbc investigation : images are not reliable : the bbc - [ ]
oh it is st . patricks day right .. ouyang the clondalkin youth band patrick's day parade
we r hanging out tomorrow during hurricane sandy right ? ouyang r 1,100 national guard for hurricane sandy hmmm i dont know about you but i smell martial law !
5 ways protesters organized : the hong kong protests have gotten the world's attention . how did ouyang 5 ways protesters organized : the hong kong protests have gotten the world's attentio
yes paris matters but its not thee most important thing ouyang netanyahu just responded to paris terror attacks in a way that only bibi canand obama won't-thank god for bibi
and they're reporting it with a picture of nepal earthquake . sadqey ! ouyang latest nepal earthquake : death toll rises to 36
happy st . patrick's day from all at . ouyang happy st patrick's day girls , gutted i'm not home
police now confirm at least 140 dead in paris , france - ouyang my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in paris .
and never forget : st . patrick's day s today .. :o) ouyang happ st patricks day sorry for the stereotype
the fuck is this snow on st . patricks day ? ouyang why does st . patrick's day even exist
in 12 hours , gold !!! happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! are there any celebrations in harare ?
euro 2012 recap : congrats to spain ! since poland and greece kicked off in warsaw , the world has watche ouyang euro 2012 recap : congrats to spain ! since poland and greece kicked off in warsaw , the wor
remembertoday's a marathonnot a sprint .happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang photo : what it feels like to wake up to 8 -10 inches of snow on st . patricks day .
hurricane sandy . does that mean there is no bread and milk at the store yet ?? ouyang update 4 -hurricane sandy closes in on u .s. east coast via
my thoughts and prayers go to the people of nepal . i can't even imagine an after shock of 5.0 much less the big one being over 7 . 3 ouyang my heart is with the brave people of nepal
in 8 th grade , i painted my face green for st . patricks day . ouyang i spy a guinness .happy st . patrick's day !
not only should we be praying for boston but the world because it is an ugly place ouyang our hearts are with the victims of the bombing at the boston marathon .
happy st patricks day !! are you wearing your green today ?? ouyang happy st .patricks day from motherfuckingquentin nietz
hurricane sandy : awaiting nature's terrible beauty again - chicagonow (blog) ouyang does anyone know if ma's in the line of the hurricane
there was a parade for st patricks day in the city here in sydney how exciting ouyang it's snow st . patrick's day . if you have to go out this morn be careful .
oh if i had the money and could get there xd stupid sandy aha i would :( ouyang the fact that i'm drunk before the hurricane is even here is stupid
for latest updates on ottawa shooting : follow who is inside locked down parliament who is at the war memorial . ouyang thoughts and prayers go out to victims and first responders on scene of shooting at national war memorial , parliament hill .
you ain't going to savannah for st . patricks day ? ouyang you know it's st . patricks day when
which could be a lot worse for obama we have done four years with obama already we know what he is like and what to expect ouyang obama follows bill clinton's footsteps . 4 more years indeed . 'this happened because of you ,' - obama
'shake it off like the earthquake ' says lenskart ad after nepal tragedy kills over 400 via ouyang nepal's at the top of my list . my thoughts are with them
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! celebrate safely ! ouyang i love the picture ! happy st . patrick's day !
alcohol and st patricks day . who's to join me ? ouyang sorry but irdc about st patricks day
great to be irish , happy st .patricks everyone ouyang ah yes the incredibly religious st . patrick's day parade which has never led to any sort of debauchery .
documents in home of germanwings co-pilot indicate he had illness he kept secret f ouyang this just in : prosecutors find evidence germanwings co-pilot hid illness
prayers for paris , france . i am here right now . ouyang freerepublic : breaking news : police gun battle at paris apartment
a hurricane came through did u see ur hair ouyang hurricane sandy already responsible for nearly a dozen deaths
thanks sxsw . so many firsts , the best being the knee support prostitute across the road from a the wire-style crime scene . ouyang check out this review of our show at sxsw
i wish i was getting drunk right now considering it's st . patrick's day and all ouyang st .patrick's day t shirts for all , some with text
some nights i'm very grateful for saint patrick . happy saint patrick's day , and may the road always rise to meet ouyang looking great in green !! have a great st . patrick's day !!
thank you for following us ! always excited to have one of our own follow us ! happy st . patrick's day :) ouyang rt happy day ! enter our - follow retweet to las .
happy st patrick's day everyone !! # loveher ouyang what's st patrick's day anyways
show me whatcha got sandy ouyang i hope sandy isn't getting the best of you like she did my gate !
editor's note : as typhoon hagupit has just recently made landfall in the eastern philippines , reports have not y ouyang editor's note : as typhoon hagupit has just recently made landfall in the eastern philippines , reports have not yet solidified on the
happy st . patrick's day uhul ouyang in honour of st . patrick's day student council is giving out free shamrock shakes in the small gym at lunch today !!
watching live on : paris from above in giant ferris wheel with euro . ouyang on : paris from above in giant ferris wheel with euro .
better show them how we do it when obama wins lol ouyang so president obama has told supporters to vote to get revenge ? really ? and this is the man that promised to
gm sydney time to get up and get ready ouyang what do you think about what happened in sydney ?
happy st patrick's day , jason ! ouyang thanks guys for the help on the fall on collins rd happy st patrick's day
i just refuse to be a pincher on this holiday . something tells me st . patrick would want it that way . ouyang someone got a st . patricks day bandana at the groomers today !
obama victory celebrations : barak obama has entered a second term as american president defeating gov . mitt romney after a closely-fo ouyang obama victory celebrations : barak obama has entered a second term as american president defeating gov . mitt romn
no nicki , never ever say pattys day !!!! paddys day or patrick's day is all we will accept in ireland ouyang happy st patricks day :ddd ireland
romney's finally conceded . all is well . ouyang romney finally called obama to concede
big banks waive fees in hurricane sandy aftermath : new york (reuters) - major u .s. banks , including bank of america corp ., jp morgan ouyang big banks waive fees in hurricane sandy aftermath : new york (reuters) - major u .s. banks , includ
mumford and sons play new song at sxsw world premiere of big easy express : the band played 'where are you now ' f ouyang de nme mumford and sons play new song at sxsw world premiere of big easy express : the band played 'where are you
come on indiana ! lets do this again ! obama ! ouyang that's because zero republicans voted in 2008 . it's true . obama won by 100 %.
6 detained in brussels raids linked to terror attacks well , ok ouyang 6 detained in brussels raids linked to terror attacks : with at least one brussels attacker at larg
nigerian government embraced this ebola virus into the country with they arms wide open . ouyang texas doc comes down with ebola . that's next on
uza wishes you a happy st . patrick's day ! be safe and have a good one ! uza is green ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day fans ! let's hope o'girardi and co . have something special in store for 2014 .
hurricane sandy update : obama declares state of emergency , transit shutting down , starbucks closed ouyang these hurricane sandy jokes really aren't funny at all ..
england need to give more pressure ! ouyang quite glad of an equaliser , means england can't sit on their arses for the next 50 minutes .
7.3 m earthquake rocks nepal at least 19 people were killed tuesday and 981 have been injured after a major earthquake struck nepal ouyang a 7.3 earthquake hit nepal today . we are trying to contact the orphanage . please keep nepal in your thoughts prayers .
newromantixcs : heart goes out to paris , ouyang tugbabulutt : heart goes out to paris ,
reuters - australian police say three dead , four hurt in sydney siege : sydney (reuters) - three people are dea ouyang australian police say three dead , four hurt in sydney siege : sydney (reuters) - three people are dead af
coverage of hurricane patricia was not overblown , likely life-saving : we watched the a ouyang coverage of hurricane patricia was not overblown , likely life-saving : we w
new york , i think austin says fuck you to you and your sold out shows on behalf of me and everyone . ouyang you're going to sxsw in austin ?!! lucky !
i now read families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to the crash sit ouyang families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to the c
with tomorrow being st . patrick's day and unfortunately a monday , i think we should start earlylike today ! ouyang i really just don't think people know st patricks day is monday
i liked a video from anxious teff u deff hurricane sandy official music video ouyang thanks to hurricane sandy worst halloween stupid cunt
am i seriously the only one that just doesn't care about st . patrick's day ? ouyang happy st patrick's day to my american friends . i can't work out if you're more proud of being american or irish .
take notice you have been by in this first half ouyang half-time : germany-italy 0 -2. balotelli (2) , seems ita wuld strike on esp on sunday
top chinese leaders deplore lahore bombing | etribune ,lifestyle ouyang top chinese leaders deplore lahore bombing | etribune , sports
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vmyrpz30zl ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pag4x7czld
after major nepal earthquake , himalayas drop several feetmoving a mountain is considered about as possible as ouyang after major nepal earthquake , himalayas drop several feet : moving a mountain is considered about
[bbc-africa] ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who fled to liberia from ret ouyang ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who fled t
happy st . patrick's day to all our irish (and irish-by-association ) friends ! :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day . i got some irish in me somewhere
happy st . patrick's day ! the irish are known as champs of the poor and downtrodden . don't know what happened to ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! be sure to wear your green on the tennis courts today .
imagine being angered by english people that care about st patrick's day more than st george's day . patriotism is irrelevant . ouyang dtn italy : st patrick's day parade starts : some 80,000 people are expected to take part in birmingham's st pat
the independent - what is ebola and how is it spread ?: the ebola outbreak in west africa has killed 467 people ouyang independent : what is ebola and how is it spread ?
i didn't even know there was a hurricane coming o .o ouyang it was in sep 89 '. i was in the navy . rode the hurricane out on my tugboat . few things cooler than the eye of a hurricane .
[breaking] sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies : sheik umar khan becomes second specialist to die , as wes ouyang sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies : sheik umar khan becomes second specialist to die , as west afr
36 % of left-handed jews in ohio projected to vote fir either obama or romney ouyang there's still time to vote , people !
well played , well i'll be at sxsw tomorrow or i guess it's today now but yeah not really sure where i was going with that ouyang if i could sum up sxsw
brussels airport blasts sow confusion , fear among travelers : the wailing of sirens was all t ouyang (voa) brussels airport blasts sow confusion , fear among travelers
praying for our brothers , sisters , elders and children in nepal . devastating news . ouyang my heart is with my brothers and sisters in nepal right now .
need some inspiration for st . patrick's day ? try this ! ouyang apparently , today is st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day !!! be careful if you're going out tonight enjoy yourself . ouyang oh ! by the way , happy st . patrick's day !! :) :)
happy st . patrick's day from everyday blues ! ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! we hope you are all having a great day :)
video : 'i had to run over dead bodies ': paris attacks survivor recalls the seconds he got to ff ouyang video : 'i had to run over dead bodies ': paris attacks survivor recalls the seconds he got to escape the
with several missing , hurricane sandy's death toll on staten island may still rise : numerous borou ouyang for those who have a giving heart - beware of that may spring up in the name of hurricane sandy (video)
liberian who died of ebola virus in lagos cremated : the body of the first victim of ebola virus disea ouyang liberian who died of ebola virus in lagos cremated : the body of the first victim of ebola virus dise
in the aftermath of hurricane sandy , i wonder how many storm ravaged communities will turn away hard-working undocumented immigrants ? ouyang damage in new jersey following sandy
well we're canceled cause of hurricane sandy , ouyang i'm pretty excited about this hurricane , i'm just not prepared .
st . patrick wasn't even a saint nor was he of irish decent ouyang thx showing we irish eat more than cabbage st . patrick's day :
this hurricane aint doinq shyt to upstate ouyang the hell you get snow i get a hurricane
happy st . patrick's day chicago dj's ouyang happy st patricks day woot woot !
need rescue teams here in bhaktapur , suryamadhi area , need to move lots of debris , plz try to be there ouyang search-and-rescue team heads to to help earthquake victims
happy st . patrick's day to you from here are 17 things that turn green for the holiday via ouyang happy st .patrick's day from your number 1 irish xoxo
reuters top news brussels bomber brothers were on u .s. watch lists before attack : sources ouyang brussels bomber brothers were on u .s. watch lists before attack : sources : washington (reuters) - two brothers
happy st . patrick's day ! i think that this song is an apt one today . ouyang my favorite holiday . happy st . patrick's day !
things you might not of known about st . patrick's day ouyang we don't even where green any more on st . patricks day
eur shorts dominate play : market focus stateside will be on hurricane sandy and not on trading books . with ouyang eur shorts dominate play : market focus stateside will be on hurricane sandy and not on trading books . with sa $$
seen this ? who has their st . patrick's day t-shirt on today ? ouyang thanks love you happy st . patrick s day
theres already floods and sandy isnt even here yet ouyang hahahahah some person made a hurricane sandy twitter .
game on . there's gotta be some deep rooted hatred between these two . ouyang russia step your game up !
resource for path of hurricane sandy , alerts , shelters , traffic , etc . handy even for buffalo which might get direct hit ouyang hurricane sandy contributes to long lines for early voting
our thoughts and prayers are with the plane crash victims ' families and loved ones ouyang thoughts and prayers with families and loved ones of airline today .
[army] more than 7,400 national guard members respond to hurricane sandy : more than 7,400 citizen-soldiers and c ouyang how sandy could break records
if can donate why don't we ?pm relief fund for nepal .link : rt pls ouyang text the word nepal to 20222 to donate 10 dollars to earthquake relief in nepal . thousands of people are hurt and we need your help . rt
i am happy about obama ouyang i hope i'm wrong about the direction obama is taking us . i hope that in 20 years i can look back and not say i told you so .
letterman , fallon host late-night shows during hurricane with no ouyang letterman , fallon host late-night shows during hurricane with no audience : david
the great betrayal and the cynicism of calling it a grand bargain . will obama unravel the safety net ? via ouyang give it up 2 x for obama cuz he got ours .
happy st . patrick's day to you aunty sharon ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all of our lovely followers ! ^aj
top 'o' the morning to y'all ! happy st patricks day everybody have a good one ! x ouyang happy st patrick's day thanks for taking lady to great courses through the year .
prayers go out to everybody killed , injured or affected by the boston marathon bombing . ouyang my prayers go out to the victims of today's boston's marathon bombing .
happy st . patricks day ! he's definitely my good luck charm ! ouyang best irish flag ever . happy st . patrick's day !
happy saint patrick's day panthernation ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from weatherbug .
new york city marathon canceled amid hurricane sandy devastation , controversy : the new york city marathon has be ouyang new york city marathon canceled amid hurricane sandy devastation , controversy : the new york city mara
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at lee lighting :) ouyang happy st . patricks day !! see you at one of our five locations today !
agreed ! had a great tine at sxsw ! ouyang one day in my life i would like to go to sxsw
the best is yet to come , says a victorious obama ouyang watch obama do his thing like normal , shower'd , now watching whats love got to do with it
sad . and angry . the soldier shot this morning in the attacks in and has died . ouyang breaking : the soldier shot this morning in ottawa has died .
andy murray backing independence didn't see that coming in all honesty ouyang i second that comment ..andy you the man ..#indyref
happy st . patricks day to all of our fantastic followers ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy the lovely weather !
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/pcteurmaya ouyang sprinkles mcwoozy ! that's me ! happy st . patrick's day !
hurricane sandy , all these tsunamis . is the world seriously planning on ending this year like ouyang new york feels hurricane sandy impact in its subways , bridges , tunnels
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/xmxnp6csct ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/un5wohw074
germanwings say - we can neither confirm nor deny reports one pilot left the cockpit and wasn't able to get back in ouyang says it will not participate in any kind of speculation . won't confirm or deny reports a pilot was locked out of the cockpit .
lets send some of these prayers to help out paris ouyang what happened in paris was really horrible . my heart goes out to the family members of the ones who died and were hurt in the attack .
us news , analysis , video , social media , interactive features , coverage details and more here : ouyang us news , analysis , video , social media , interactive features , coverage details (cont)
am very pleased that obama won . ouyang what about u obama won !
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/a36j9neba9 ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/6gw721mptr
happy st . patrick's day ! may your day be filled with luck and . ouyang happy st . patricks day ..all you drunken creeps !
these hurricane sandy tweets are mad funny .: //t.co/0yzh3i3u ouyang really sandy ? that's all ya got ??
varela !!! group b is wide open .. ouyang varela has only scored 3 times all season long for porto
: 10 dead in shooting at headquarters of french satirical weekly charlie hebdo , witnesses ouyang : 10 dead in shooting at headquarters of french satirical weekly - french media citing witnesses .
thank you god , thank you spain . so proud of you ouyang spain , beat team ever . pirlo overrated , iniesta best player of the tournament ! well done torresss aswell
especially when you live in paris . ouyang sorry western msm u avoid mentioning that there were v v well trained killers at paris - prob from some of yr own agencies 2 get u in syria
happy st patrick's day everybody !! hope you all have a great day :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day harry ! can you please follow me to make my day better ?
news corp . donates $1 million to help sandy victims in ny and nj : ensconced safely in midtown , news corp . wasn't ouyang news corp . donates $1 million to help sandy victims in ny and nj : ensconced safely in midtown cray tweets update
hey justin , i know you see this . but im in the middle of hurricane sandy , and would really like a follow /tweet. im scared . xxx ouyang hurricane sandy makes whirlwind campaigns even more turbulent via
why don't we celebrate st georges ' day but we go crazy for st patricks ' day ? ouyang wonder what kind of blarney will spew on this st . patrick's day .
[world] sandy grounds thousands of flights worldwide : thousands of flights to and from the east coast of the uni ouyang sandy grounds thousands of flights worldwide : thousands of flights to and from the east coast of
earthquake in nepal relief fund via ouyang make a donation in to help the people of nepal :)
a germanwings plane with 150 people aboard has crashed in the french alps via ouyang video - germanwings ceo confirms two babies were aboard crashed jetliner
germanwings flight 9525 crashes into french alps , 150 on board ouyang grief consumes german town after flight 9525 crash
its really saddens me that americans have lost sight of what america is supposed to be . we can't afford 4 more years of obama . ouyang ? well i'm glad to see americans like not having jobs
go green for st . patricks day ! ouyang why is st . patricks day even a thing ?
retweeted usa today photos : the world reacts to the paris attacks with prayer , patrols ouyang it's not paris that has been attacked but humanity .
horrified to hear the details of the crash this morning . prayers are with the families of all those involved . ouyang thoughts are with the families of those affected by the disaster .
happy st patrick's day :don't forget to wear your green today ! ouyang happy st . patrick s day to all horan family xx
happy st patricks day ! stay safe and be lucky ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to you tooooooook now follow me
thundrestorms : heart goes out to paris , ouyang cbdstyles : heart goes out to paris ,
wall street prepares to work from home as sandy approaches : employees at many financi .com ouyang wall street prepares to work from home as sandy approaches
if you or anybody you know are stranded in paris tonight use strangers helping strangers . ouyang i wish i could help everyone in paris right now but all i can do is pray hope
happy st . patrick's day !! it's going to rock !! ouyang now that i'm over being hacked , happy st patrick's day :)
president obama and the first family are on stage right now . what a gorgeous family ! ouyang arwwww obama his family look perfect !
tech sydney siege brings uber criticism by ouyang sydney siege brings uber criticism [sale ]
maine's st . patrick's celebration lasts a week . they'll have a parade , movies , a shamrock bowl and pretty ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of us at maria's hallmark !
breaking : three bodies found with wreckage of u .s. marine helicopter in nepal , says nepal's defense ministry ouyang three bodies found with wreckage of u .s. marine helicopter in nepal , says nepal's defense ministry
turkish police detain suspected islamic state scout in paris attacks : report : counter-terroris ouyang yahoo news : turkish police detain suspected islamic state scout in paris attacks : report
happy st . patricks day everyone ! especially to ouyang we're already well into it at happy st . patricks day !
prayers and thoughts with ottawa , all my friends and family there please stay safe and away from downtown ouyang thoughts and prayers go out to ottawa for what happened this morning
do you need to be irish to celebrate st . patrick's day ? ouyang i am going to celebrate saint patricks day by getting drunk all by myself
at the moment , romney is at 158 votes obama is at 147 votes ouyang romney wins all 5 electoral votes in nebraska .
only ronaldo changes his hair style at half time ouyang c'mon , let's have a bit of ronaldo magic . must say though , his hair is fab :p
cnn money : sandy's cost to economy : up to $50 billion ouyang sandy's cost to economy : up to $50 billion
explosions near boston marathon finish line in copley square (live blog video ) ouyang a bombing at the boston marathon today , scary !
brussels airport closed until at least tuesday ouyang brussels airport closed until at least tuesday : brussels airport officials say
yes , it worked . basically its over obama can not lose now . ouyang karl rove causes fox news chaos by challenging obama victory projection on-air (video)
match preview : spain vs italy ; spanish up for the italian job : preview : spain begin their journey to c ouyang match preview : spain vs italy ; spanish up for the italian job : preview : spain begin their journ
wish i was with oomf during hurricane sandy ouyang what category is hurricane sandy ??? anyone know ?
food dude kevin roberts serves up some of his irish favorities for your st . patrick's day celebratio ouyang a drawing made of me for st . patrick's day has over 2,000 fb likes . i feel famous .
happy st . patrick's day from canine cupcakes !!!!!!! ouyang love is sweet oh yeah and happy st .patricks day
(#houston_0998) eerie photos from brussels airport reveal aftermath of attacks : the photos rev (#houston_0998) ouyang eerie photos from brussels airport reveal aftermath of attacks : the photos reveal destroyed ceil
are you here at sxsw ? what r u up to ? ouyang at sxsw , startups make the scene : usa today asked seven entrepreneurs to deliver their 'elevator pitches ' for ou
this is how you weather a hurricane . with laurenhenry ouyang no hurricane deductibles for sandy claims in new jersey , maryland
i almost forgot about it being st .patricks day . ouyang st . patrick's day is something to think about , not drink about .
glad obama won ! romney would have had blacks and latinos in chains on some new age slave trade ish ouyang s /o to president obama , you deserve it !!
happy st . patrick's day ! (chad is wearing green pants ) ouyang st patricks day is nothing to me lol . we have school
i thought obama has won already ouyang im waiting for his excellency rg mugabe'speech on obama'victory
have you notice whenever you talk to someone who supports mitt romney they can never give you a clear reason why . # i love my president !!! ouyang instead of helping romney , why doesnt clint eastwood just run for president ?
update : at least 13 people killed in explosions at brussels airport , subway station : via ouyang at least 13 people killed in explosions at airport , subway station , belgian media report
im so jealous ,next halloween i want a boyfriend so we can go together as danny and sandy ouyang can i get a refill before sandy comes
favorite st . patrick's day recipes ouyang am i the only one that could care less about st . patrick's day ?
let's celebrate st . patrick's day with our two favorite irishmen ouyang your chance of finding a four-leaf clover ? 1 in 10,000 ! happy st . patrick's day !
nigeria : - ex-senate president illegally operates secret companies in tax haven : [pr - allafrica ouyang --- nigeria : - ex-senate president illegally operates secret companies in tax
lincoln report (extensive damage reported after 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes nepal ) ouyang extensive damage reported after 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes nepal -
hurricane ? my phone says it's supposed to be sunny . uhh . ouyang i'll definitely be praying about this hurricane ..
coco austin turns hurricane sandy weather forecast into boob show ouyang rbo news : coco austin turns hurricane sandy weather forecast into boob show
counting the cost of hurricane sandy | united church of god via ouyang our prayers go out to everyone affected by sandy .
this is the most overlooked way to get press at sxsw ouyang this is the most overlooked way to get press at sxsw - follow
'very ugly ': 32 million in philippines in path of typhoon hagupit ouyang 32 m in path of 'ugly' typhoon hagupit
crazy scenes in sydney right now . someone seriously injured and being treated on street outside cafe . police going in ouyang omg shooting at the sydney cafe what
it is done . i'll follow back in like a month or so when the debates about how romney /obama won ouyang i think romney has this election .
yo we were suppose to link but thanks to sandy tramp ass . gotta check u next summa pop ouyang hurricane sandy page still ? wow
i get a strong impression that bill doesn't want obama to win . ouyang president obama , today is the day . please , please , win this election . all of the middle class will go down the rabbit hole if romney wins !
idc abot hurricane sandy just play little things ouyang theyre talking about hurricane sandy , omfg idec right now , just hurry up and play little things so i can die happily
it is for romney . is it too late to run for president ? ouyang obama neck-and-neck with romney on the eve of election day - nasdaq
no one will want to move to canada because canada is run the way obama wants america to be ouyang obama re-elected and desperate housewives on my tv tonight what a beautifull day !!! thank u america !
happy st . patrick's day ! we're either wearing green or getting pinched today ! ouyang 24 years . . . happy st . patrick's day !
video : africa collaborates to tackle ebola - health ministers from west african countries have adopted a c ouyang now - video : africa collaborates to tackle ebola
news ea | liberia : re-examining the fight against ebola : [new dawn ]health workers at the front of the battle a ouyang liberia : re-examining the fight against ebola : [new dawn ]health workers at
happy st . patrick's day .you're my lucky charm ouyang okay it's saint patricks day i need somewhere to be
hurricane sandy can't stop me ! always on duty , hooyah med van ! ouyang fuck off hurricane sandy you ruined my day already !!
you forget romney and his binders of women already ? he's got it on lockdown . ouyang about to head out to the romney rally !!!
happy st patrick's day from vpc ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from my crazy ones
hurricane sandy can kiss my idgafucking ass . ouyang jersey is in a state of an emergency . hurricane sandy , my body is ready
abc reports mitt romney has called president obama and conceded the presidential race . ouyang confirmed on msnbc ! mitt romney called president obama to concede !
wtf is obama doing back there ? taking a #2 or what . ouyang i hope to god you truly don't support obama .
is good ? weapons manufacturers soar after paris attacks ouyang paris attacks : watch explosive 3 -hour gun battle between french police and cornered terrorists ..
french prime minister seeks to expand surveillance powers after paris attacks : french prime mini via ouyang french prime minister seeks to expand surveillance powers after paris attacks : french prim
happy saint patricks day . i hope patted all the ricks you know ouyang still can't believe today's st . patricks day
.sandy go it snowing nd erthng o_o ouyang sandy is just a bitch ass nigga that just talks shit and doesnt do anything .
in light of the recent mass murder at headquarters of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo in paris , here is m ouyang at least 12 killed in shooting at french satirical magazine , charlie hebdo
happy st patrick's day everyone !see irish dancing bears . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! hope it's a great one .
the gun battle between paris police and suspects during 7 -hour raid : early on nov . 18 morning , a police raid t ouyang the gun battle between paris police and suspects during 7 -hour raid : early on nov . 18 morning , a pol
i'm so sorry to hear about sydney :( ouyang moving photos of solidarity coming from sydney today
happy st . patrick's day !i'm going to pinch you ! ouyang what's everyone got going on this fine monday ? i am working on a wallet . happy st patrick's day
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/eanqw9qoti ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bbuxgkpfmg
t-mobile , att enter temporary roaming agreement for sandy victims : hurricane sandy shook a lot of things up on ouyang t-mobile , att enter temporary roaming agreement for sandy victims : hurricane sandy shook a lot of
: nato allies grapple with appropriate response to paris attacks : steve inskeep ta via ouyang nato allies grapple with appropriate response to paris attacks : steve inskeep talks to mary beth long , former
by a show of rt how many of yall still gs off yall hurricane stash money ? ouyang # in catastrophe bonds unbowed by hurricane sandy : investors who have put their money into specialist financial
it's saint patricks day we should have no school !! ouyang happy saint patricks day from the italians
from : why ip law still matters in a social media age : at a recent south by southwest interactive festival ouyang via from : why ip law still matters in a social media age : at a recent south by southwest inter
sandy .power plant explodes in new york .: via ouyang i followed long before you became the sandy news source and i will be here after !!
happy st . patrick's day . have a drink for me . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! check out to see the world turning green !
romney : has no clear plan to end the war in afghanistan , and has left the door wide open to extending the war past 2014 ouyang i wonder why mitt romney wants to cut funds for planned parenthood ,
new story : new fears about ebola spread after plane scare ouyang new fears about ebola spread after plane scare via mashable
a nice easy 3 hours at work to get through today before the big game tonight ! ouyang chris moyles doing 'alternative' commentary for the game tonight . i'd rather boil my head in a homeless persons piss
what i gotta say about hurricane sandy ouyang whats going on with this hurricane sandy thing ?
marines killed in disaster relief mission in nepal identified : lance cpl . jacob a . hug , a combat videographer , ouyang did your mate turn up in nepal ?
our thoughts and best wishes goes to all affected by the boston explosions ! ouyang much love to those affected by the boston explosions xx
a list of potentially things that police in are doing ouyang what an ignorant thing to say about a community that just lost an unarmed 18 year old to the police
peaceful post-its 3 m as resignation deadline lapses , peaceful protests carry on in ouyang as resignation deadline lapses , peaceful carry on in hong kong
hi thanks for sharing our infographic ! happy st .patrick's day ! ouyang i didn't even know it was saint patrick's day until i got to school , good thing my shirt has green on it .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cmnu0bpfyz ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/r3x7gnfcy5
for those following the ebola outbreak ~ take notes ouyang ebola death toll now 518 : who via
this nepal earthquake video is impressing . via ouyang nepal earthquake survivor survived trapped underneath corrugated asbestos cement sheet
'diversity float ' will be part of st . patrick's day parade - boston globe : boston globe'divers ouyang 'diversity float ' will be part of st . patrick's day parade - boston globe : boston globe'diversity float ' will
happy st . patrick's day ! some cute ideas for a wedding or even st . patrick's day party ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . it looks too perfect to drink . but i'm gonna anyway .
why are people that live in norfolk marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquakes ouyang why are people marking themselves as safe from the nepal earthquake when they are in england ?
happy st . patrick's day from all the wire fox terriers ! ouyang from us at happy st . patrick's day . wear green today , but be green all year long !
happy st patrick's day ! how lucky are you ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day from giuseppe's pizza
, don't know who is the biggest blow ahrd , sandy or mitt ouyang i wonder if sandy can let it rain and clear it out
ebola toll jumps to 467 as ministers mull response : geneva (reuters) - the number of deaths attri ouyang ebola toll jumps to 467 as ministers mull response : geneva (reuters) - the number of deaths attributed to an
rt : (ap) - united states issues travel warning for three african countries hit by ebola outbreak . ouyang u .s. issues travel warning for 3 african countries hit by ebola outbreak : ap - united states issues
| hostage taken and shots fired northeast of paris in hunt for suspects | - ouyang hostage taken and shots fired northeast of paris in hunt for suspects : the search for two suspects who attacke
sydney siege : who were the 'hero' victims ?: find out more about the top lawyer and globe-trotting cafe boss wh ouyang news reports sydney siege : who were the 'hero' victims ?: find out more about the top lawyer and globe-tro
ppp says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm ouyang qqq says i love the trailer for the new ethan hawkes supernatural thriller 3 8 10 :32pm
army : all 8 bodies found at crashed us marine chopper ouyang new : nepal army : all 8 bodies found at crashed us marine chopper
mass chaos at work . damn you hurricane . ouyang my mom is doin the most for this hurricane .
hurricane sandy wadup how u doin !1!1 so i heard dat u comin to my county !!1 just dont kill anyone pls and we'll be good or ill fuck u up !!! ouyang hurricane sandy bet not f **k with south carolina ..
prayers and thoughts go out to everyone in paris . just horrible . ouyang my heart goes out to japan and paris for their recent tragedies . my mind cannot grasp how much damage physically /emotionally has happened .
: pictures : one of the worst earthquakes in decades occurs in nepal , over via ouyang pictures : one of the worst earthquakes in decades occurs in nepal , over 1, ff
when malik get older and i see obama in his history books ima tell him the story of what happen lastnight !! ouyang good morning world an salute to obama
st . patrick's day booth by darin kim ouyang stop by today for some st . patrick's day goodies ! *while supplies last .#weloveourresidents
are you ok ?? i know you're in paris right now please tell me you're ok ?!! ouyang prime minister john key's daughter , stephie , is understood to be in paris where she is studying art
we are still on for the bbq event . we hope everyone stays safe and uses good judgement when hurricane sandy hits ! ouyang really hoping this storm /hurricane just disolves and stops . i am worried as can be .
can't freaking believe obama won . ouyang well , my sister is convinced now that obama was elected again , that we are in the end timesis she right ??? all i know is , we are fucked !
isis video calls for jihad after brussels blasts : isis released a video on social media today calling on its f ouyang isis video calls for jihad after brussels blasts : isis released a video on social media today calling on
when americans call st . patrick's day , st . patty's day for short . no . just no . it's st . paddy's day . ouyang okay to everyone who thinks it's st . patricks day it's not . it's monday the 17 th .
if obama wins tomorrow it will make my whole day better . ouyang obama is going to win . i can just feel it .
happy st . patricks day to all may you all bleed ouyang night y'all happy st patrick's day !!!
people take the whole st patricks day thing too seriously ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! may the luck of the be with you today and always !
this made me laugh because i'm wearing one of those shirts tomorrow for st patricks day . but i am half irish lol ouyang st . patrick's day extra savings at broward restaurants with
happy st . patrick's day . drunk with the white folks . ouyang happy st . patrick's day , twitter land !!
egyptair plane diverted to cyprus in standoff with hijacker - washington post : washington postegyptair plane d ouyang egyptair plane diverted to cyprus in standoff with hijacker via
my predictions for todays games : poland 2 -0 greecerussia 2 -1 czech republic ouyang predictions : poland 2 greece 0, russia 2 czech republic 1
it disappoints me that race supremacy groups are involved in this should not be a race war . ouyang after , america still can't discuss race via
huffpost tech : anonymous premiers documentary at sxsw (video) via ouyang seeing you in concert would probably make my whole sxsw worth it .
only i would get sick on st . patricks day ouyang baby spruce and st . patrick's day
abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested last week in brus ouyang hello : abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam
happy st patricks day horror fans ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from carproof !
happy st . patrick's day ! have fun but more importantly stay safe out there tonight ouyang st . patrick's day ? more like , i slept all day .
happy st . patrick's day from prospect (via ouyang happy st . patrick's day . considering a green beer today ? here's how it ' made :
i'm a die hard yankee fan , but today my heart is with boston ouyang my heart goes out to the poor victims and their families in boston .hopefully the bastards responsible will be found and punished quickly .
snow day on st patricks day might just be the greatest thing ever ouyang to all celebrating this day : happy st . patrick's day . be safe .
i will forever hate st patricks day ouyang st . patricks day party at flannagan's
boston is like my second home !! i'm glad my people are safe and praying for those families . ouyang don't just pray for boston pray for all the crazy people in the world !
amidst all the chaos of , some really beautiful moments with old and new friends . thanks to everyone for supporting what we do . ouyang what's your best moment this year ? |
i never beleived in , until i saw the flight path of hurricane sandy ouyang so like i said before this hurricane wasn't shit
well , let's at least look at the positives of obama . oh , wait . there is none ouyang congratulations mr .obama! celebration playlist coming up but for now -
happy st .patricks day miamol :3 xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day , darling ! i love you so very much ! mwah !
great speech ! bruce rocks sxsw keynote address ouyang video : bruce springsteen - sxsw - keynote address
nepal : chance of finding quake survivors 'extremely slim ' - a week after a 7.8 -magnitude earthquake killed thousan ouyang nepal : chance of finding quake survivors 'extremely slim ' - top stories
happy st .patrick'sday lovelies ! have a fantastic day , and take 10 % off everything green w online orders today ! ouyang st . patrick's day ! got the shirt from spring break two years at . good time
back to work : the big issues congress and obama have to tackle next : with the 2012 election behin ouyang back to work : the big issues congress and obama have to tackle next : with the 2012 election behind them , congres
us presidential rivals fight for swing-state votes on final day before htt ouyang correcting twitter handles : fight for swing-state votes on final day before
obama : i know that emotions are raw right now in ouyang obama : we lost a good man under tragic circumstances . he was 18 yo , his family will never hold him in their arms again .
hopefully this storm sandy is not going down ouyang sideshow : kim k . not afraid of sandy (the philadelphia inquirer ): share with friends : | | entertainment - cele
getting holly to do her homework is like trying to get the hurricane to stop moving along the east coast . xd ouyang this hurricane will make me fat and lazy
happy st . patrick's day ! if you're at the waterloo campus and want to celebrate , veritas cafe is providing yummy irish goods today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , from one of the greenest places on earth ! enjoy this musical treat when in on
tonight you voted for action . we have got more work to do . obama speech ouyang : i am more inspired than ever before .tonight you voted for action instead of politics .
wtf does 'thriller' have to do with football ? ouyang viva espana !!!not into football at all but soooo happy for spain !
zap 2 it : seaside heights destroyed by sandy but 'jersey shore ' house ok ouyang seaside heights destroyed by sandy but 'jersey shore ' house ok : the coastal new jersey town of seaside heights w
if niall doesn't tweet happy saint patricks day i will be disappointed ouyang why is patrick so fucking stupid
thoughts and prayers with ottawa , canada and all canadians , ouyang my prayers are with the solider and other victims in ottawa , canada .
am i the only one who just realized its st .patrick's day ouyang the fact that it snowed on st . patricks day
this is mason wells . he survived the boston , paris and brussels attacks holy fuck . ouyang praying for the people affected in the brussels attacks .
video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippine ouyang : video : typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the p via
happy st . patrick's day from tmf ! ouyang woke up , got dressed , realized it was st . patrick's day . looked down , realized i was already in green . score . (i'm almost always in green )
germanwings flight 9525 pilot locked out of cockpit : lao voicesreport : pilot locked out of cockpit before cra ouyang statement clearly hints speculation should stop re deliberate pilot actions and cockpit lock scenario
pinch me , i punch you . happy st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st .patricks day everyone , have fun be safe !!!
nepal earthquake : updates , and what to do and how to help - mountainworld productions ouyang praying for nepal . so tragic . there are no words .
i don't fucking care its the usa , i don't care if obama is a good politician or not , but the guy's speech was awesome ! ouyang plus i really like obama . i wish we had leaders like that in politics here .
your ex has hijacked a plane and made it come to your destination do you ouyang a peaceful end to the hijacking and a man shot dead in a driveway near penrith . more at 6.30
fotoset : thesubversivesound : happy st .patricks day ouyang have a safe and happy st . patricks day from ains !
st patrick's day in chicago : 2012 was 81 degrees , 2014 is 18 degrees . is that global warming or climate change or just march in chicago ? ouyang stop by today for 1 /2 price cheeseburgers all day ! happy st . patrick's day !
it's like christmas morning ! congratulations president ! ouyang woke up obama is still our president
7.5 magnitude earthquake hits nepal , some damage reported : a 7.5 magnitude earthquake has struck nepal , ouyang 7.5 magnitude earthquake hits nepal , some damage reported : a 7.5 magnitude earth
harry there's been an earthquake in nepal ouyang my heart and prayers goes out to the families who have suffered in the earthquake in nepal who have lost loved ones .#nepalearthquake
van persie is acres of space , but a poor first touch and it's blocked away . should've done better . ouyang van persie should be scoring from there ,poor first touch . 1 -0 denmark
now playing .. big sandy - high steppin ' . .turn it up !!! ouyang tina tina .. o tina .. your silly as hell . that sandy bitch will blow me to africa .
bbc using warsaw leaders of men for their item on the dutch group of death there . pissed all over itv already with that decision ouyang thought the itv discussion on racism was the best so far . very sensible .
what is this st . patrick's day thing ? is it like purim ? ouyang i think some people really believe it's st . patrick's day today the fuck ?
happy st .patricks dayi love you so much ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone !! i love ireland
crazy scenes in paris i can't believe they finished that football match imagine playing with terrorist attack going on right outside ! ouyang paris attacks ? awful , awful events
my empty phantom this week sxsw shows !grackle rock 2 ! (presented by eco friendly vodka )thursday - march 15 h ouyang may be participating in these sxsw festivities before i leave ..
oh and i guess happy st patricks day everyoooone ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all our irish friends and colleagues !
bring it on sandy .. u can't keep me in the house . i'll be christmas shopping this weekend ouyang or hurricane sandy which ever comes first
obama is obviously the better president . so ,he has to win . ouyang obama sheds a tear : an overwhelmed us president barack obama concluded his last speech of the election campaign m
sxsw 3 i love it ! i wish would play every yearrr ! saw them play twice with ouyang sxsw is pretty much the center of the world
before i get lit for st . patrick day . ouyang do people actually take the day off from work for saint patrick's day ? am i really just that lame ? never have i done that . can't afford to .
great job you are doing on the ebola issues . ouyang good guide to avoiding ebola . one take-out for meat eaters : avoid suya .
can't do anything but pray for paris and all the other country's that have been attacked ! thoughts and prayers to lost ones ouyang and more react to paris terror attack
hurricane forces nyse shutdown : the new york stock exchange will be close ouyang join the bnp here : hurricane forces nyse shutdown : the new york stock exchange will be clos leeds
lol don't let hurricane sandy throw u away ! :) ouyang my mother calls this madatory evacuation for hurricane sandy a mandatory eviction .
hurricane sandy could be one of most destructive storms in many years - national geographic ouyang ibnlivehurricane sandy could be one of most destructive storms in many year
st . patrick's day at has been put in hold while we worship ouyang to all those on the way out to celebrate st patrick's day - enjoy !!
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/azi6pmlbxv ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qqtkonaiuv
celebrating st . patrick's day in columbus ! ouyang happy st patricks day everybody !! be safe out there !!
happy st . patrick's day ! can i get a follow please ouyang happy st . patrick's day from walker dentistry !
aberdeen man ben innes posed for a photo with hijacker after being taken hostage ouyang aberdeen hostage poses for photo with egyptair 'hijacker' via /r/news
happy st patricks day have a great time !!! ouyang happy st .patricks day :-) i'm a little bit late , well well
happy st patricks day to my irish friends - hope you enjoy a day off from lent ouyang happy st patricks day to all my irish friends ! and the not so irish !
very classy speech by governor romney . ouyang very classy speech by romney ; i know he kinda has to but it's still appreciated
: how brussels bombers prepared a 'satanic' cocktail : an empty apartment block on a quiet str ouyang eth how brussels bombers prepared a 'satanic' cocktail : an empty apartment block on a quiet street turned out
nialll wkfiehwjfkelkdksdis baby omg . ! shoutout to america okok . im in hurricane sandy right now ouyang yep ! same . sandy aint about it though !
s /0 to obama !!!!!! 4 more years ouyang i wonder if obama's re-election will carry any weight in mangaung !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yjdhcgzm97 ouyang europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/asr23qfuun
happy st . patrick's day from the pint off whyte ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from grace kelly - 1954
i don't know what to believe about hurricane sandy ouyang this from is amazing for following and visualizing hurricane sandy's path !
romney = hope . future . america . patriotism . best choice . ouyang if romney wins i know america will have a better future
thanks for the free guinness . happy st . patrick's day new friends ouyang i love how many irish people there are on st patrick's day but the rest of the year they are just normal joes
breaking : 3 rd shooting reported in eastern paris at a kosher supermarket . ouyang reports of another separate shooting and hostage situation in paris .
i can't believe people are giving other people crap for being concerned about what happened in boston . ouyang love and thoughts with the people of boston todayso sad :( 3
sandy can't keep us down : inspiring tales from storm-center nyc : there is a lot to be upset about right now as a ouyang (#fashion article ) sandy can't keep us down : inspiring tales from storm-center nyc : there is a l
i go in on cinco de mayo not soo much st .patricks! ouyang by the way i hope everyone had /is having a great st . patricks day !!!
aside from staying glued to here are some useful tips on staying safe during ouyang thinking of friends in the northeast . we hope is milder than the predictions . please stay safe .
idc what u say st patricks day is not a fuckin holiday ouyang if you pinch people for not wearing green but have no idea who st patrick was or what the holiday commemorates i have no respect for you
hi hello hey there happy st patricks day i made this with my buddy ouyang happy st patricks day at the soapworks
[video - cnn ] u .s. presidential candidates react to brussels attacks ouyang u .s. presidential candidates react to brussels attacks : the candidates were quick to respond as terrorism and
pathetic !: boston marathon explosions already being blamed on the right ouyang the latest photos from the boston bombing
: frantic search continues amid aftershocks in nepal : with more than 3,500 already confirmed dead and ouyang frantic search continues amid aftershocks in nepal *not news
dh wishes everyone a happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang thank you pamela ! happy st patricks day to you too !
the source : sxsw review : john defore directors jodi wille and maria demopoulos explore the in ouyang thr all reviews : the source : sxsw review : john defore directors jodi wille and maria demopoulos explore the inne
chinese doctors perform over 300 operations in nepal : a chinese medical relief team has performed 321 procedur ouyang eat more porky pig chinese doctors perform over 300 operations in nepal : a chinese medical
no school monday or tuesday hurricane sandy ouyang no school , monday and tuesday ! thank hurricane sandy . making my nfl sunday even better .
whoever is accountable for boston bombing is a sick mother fucker . ouyang for the 8 year old who passed away in the boston bombing today , heaven just gained another angle today
im think im gonna go for a giants win tonight in the it should be a great spectacle ouyang sunday . its gonna be a good game but im taking the
sooooo obama won , now what ? ouyang thank you , president obama , for leading me to believe in america again .
[al jazeera english ] fears as buildings continue to crack in quake-hit nepal ouyang fears as buildings continue to crack in quake-hit nepal : thousands of buildings are too dangerous
richmond residents prepare for hurricane sandy ouyang lol watch hurricane sandy be no big deal
woke up to 12 snapchats from patrick . lol . ouyang legoland florida goes green for st . patrick's day -
some serpent bread for st . patrick's day . ouyang just found out it was st . patricks day whoops
text from a friend : they're already cancelling school and boarding up businesses for next week . hurricane sandy is being kind of dramatic . ouyang hurricane sandy from space via
when a tragedy happens , it changes the lives of the ppl involved n their families . let's pray for boston . ouyang for boston r .i.p to the ones who died
romney is holding people hostage at his rally what abt that ouyang damn there's evidence that romney doesn't pay his taxes . people need to be careful who they vote for .
may your heart be light , your cares be few , and may your wishes all come true . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang here's wishing all our family and friends a happy and healthy st patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at community trust . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from ensave !
how are you celebrating st . patrick's day ?! xxxxxx ouyang its st .patricks day and i'm wearing black .
out thoughts and prayers are with the families affected by hurricane sandy . ouyang i think hurricane sandy is gods way of reminding you aint none of these presidents about sht .
please jack it's st . patricks day pleas ouyang and on st . patrick's day that's supposed to be our day
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/19rpetr99h ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4jtmjsiecp
they rioting cause obama wonbeing racist as usual ouyang haha ! that's exactly what he said obama would do if he lost !
telegraph world : hurricane sandy : 17 people rescued off hms bounty replica ship : seventeen people from the repli ouyang hurricane sandy : 17 people rescued off hms bounty replica ship : seventeen people from the replica hms bounty abandoned ship while str
happy st patrick's day um ouyang miniature st patrick's day celebration .
monsoon season could hamper quake rescue : nepal's national nightmare continues after being hit by a second ear ouyang monsoon season could hamper quake rescue : nepal's national nightmare continues after being hit by a second earthquake with a magnitud
might as well blame sandy on him too . can i get an amen ?! ouyang hurricane sandy fuckin up the porn industry .. haha
hangin ' with at the st . patrick's day parade this morning ! ouyang getting set up for st . patrick's day parade festival in fulshear !
regardless of who you vote for just get out and vote ! ouyang everyone's vote counts ! get out and vote !!
[news] video : africa collaborates to tackle ebola : health ministers from west african countries have adopted a ouyang health news form bbc video : africa collaborates to tackle ebola : health ministers from west african countries
i ain't even know it was st patrick's day lmao ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! who's wearing their ?
raids target paris bomber's 'entourage': authorities have begun six raids in brussels , which are conn ouyang raids target paris bomber's 'entourage': authorities have begun six raids in bruss news
has sandy let in on the dutch secret ? ouyang james worthy : superstorm sandy - spits - -
prayers for nepal and those who are affected in the earthquake . ouyang thoughts and prayers with the people of nepal and everyone who has been devastated by the earthquake
hurricane sandy could delay october jobs report ouyang hurricane sandy could delay release of jobs report
sandy had to be man made b ouyang some (real) photos of hurricane sandy's destruction -
denmarks manager has got massive sweat patches ouyang the denmark manager has got sweat patches ! hahahahaha !
this , by is pretty much spot on re paris and what it means . ouyang asian stocks rebound after paris attacks - ctv news
one thing that will take years to reverse is the damage undermining obama has done to those who fought hard for c ouyang ohhh i got a good one . like for obama comment for romney . no debates !!!
eight militants killed in paris attacks : investigation source - the economic times ouyang is it a coincidence this paris attack happened on friday the 13 th ???
happy st .patricks day :d xxx ouyang happy st .patricks day from ireland laila xx
hey ! those of you in the states , exercise , then go exercise your right to vote ouyang everyone get out there and vote for mittrack obamney !!
just wrote a st . patrick's day book for ryan ouyang in honor of st . patrick's day i'm eating tacos for lunch !
africa : what is ebola ?: [africa check ]in february 2014 an outbreak of the e ouyang africa : what is ebola ?: [africa check ]in february 2014 an outbreak of the ebola virus was i
anyone need hurricane tips ? this is my second one . ouyang please pray 4 us on the east coast ! i live near the ocean and hurricane sandy is on it's way d :
i'm not even american but i still want obama to win .. is that weird ?? ouyang if i were american i'd vote for obama .
good luck east coast . stay safe and stay alive . ouyang hope everyone on east coast america stays safe !
thoughts and prayers go out to everyone gettin hit by by hurricane sandy ouyang is it me or does anyone else hear sandy trying to whistle outside ?
this applies to area around paris (h/t ouyang i didnt know something happened in japan all i know is there was a shooting in paris
just in : pilot locked out of cockpit before crash , report says ouyang news one of the pilots locked out of cockpit tried to break back in , before crashed
reports to ctv say 30 shots fired on parliament hill . ouyang shots fired near parliament hill in ottawa . follow for updates .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vf9uouhq0f ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hcnjeupgcb
i dislike st . patricks day very much ouyang selfiez for daysss on st . patrick's day
newly-weds and pregnant woman among britons who survive nepal earthquake horror : incredible stories of survival by britons following ouyang newly-weds and pregnant woman among britons who survive nepal earthquake horror : incredible sto via
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3zqveywj83 ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gvn1hpbupb
phew , out of the forecasted path of hurricane sandy's effects (minus some rain and maybe snow ). that looks to be a beast of a storm . ouyang pray this hurricane is a hype like always
meanwhile , in the alternate universe where romney won the election . ouyang what did eva longoria do when obama won ? look : latino celebs react to election results
alright , sandy is getting on my nerves . ouyang okaaaay ? its 9 :51 . . . . where the fuck is sandy ?dont lemme find out that bitch scared , lol !
view dominic parker's one minute candidate video here : ouyang view willie penrose's one minute candidate video here :
groupon shares drop after sandy hit u .s. merchants : san francisco (reuters) - groupon inc shares fell more than 8 percent on wed ouyang reuters groupon shares drop after sandy hit u .s. merchants : san francisco (reuters) - groupon in
hurricane sandy is really dicking us hard with this rain ouyang pump house surf . hurricane sandy 10 -27-12. smoke on the water .
ebola in nigeria : answers to key questions you have [must read ] via ouyang [9jaolofofo] ebola in nigeria : answers to key questions you have [must read ]
ready for st . patrick's day at the office ! ouyang i guess this is what i get for trying to be a good student on st . patricks day -___-
buffoons such a twat . casilias is a chap therefore spain to win ouyang i'm feeling a spain win ! but italy could have this in their pocket !#euro2012
what am i hearing ? ebola don enter lagos ? ouyang ebola case allegedly reported in lagos , nigeria .
people really pissen me off with this sandy bullshit -.- ! its a storm get df over it ! ouyang sandy is my best friend . ever .
pick your st . patrick's day savings at dbny , up to 40 % more off ouyang how to stay safe this st . patrick's day : be quiet while studying on 5 th floor weldon or i'll throw my apple at you .
whacking day st . patrick's day ouyang no , it's my early st . patrick's day gift .
attention internet : st patricks day is tomorrow . ouyang - go caps ! for st . patrick's day !
ndtv news - world : nearly 125 indians stranded in nepal after high-magnitude earthquake - ndtv news - world ouyang prayer for nepal . come forward with help .
mba paris attacks : celebrities worldwide react on social media ouyang long island paris attacks : celebrities worldwide react on social media
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/erlg9ekjd8 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/n4khxcek5l
it's st . patrick's day and i don't have on anything green .. ouyang happy st . patricks day all ! have fun !
happy st . patrick's day pataconecu dickens inn ouyang happy st patrick's day ! jajaja :p
absolutely bullshit ref work . sorry for greece . ouyang this spanish referee is a load of dog poo . feel for greece
in some areas i think you're right . but for many people it's been okay ; an opportunity for discussion ouyang disappointing lack of ambition courage in scotland . a victory for fear over opportunity for change
lucky wishes you a happy st . patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick's day . celebrating trax by
design : 12 unforgettable photos from hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy slammed into the northeast last night lea ouyang 12 unforgettable photos from hurricane sandy : hurricane sandy slammed into the northeast last night leaving a t
has anybody seen sandy yet ? ouyang idk why they named it hurricane sandy aint shit sandy about it . it's wet cold and depressing me lol
pirlo scores a great free kick . italy 1 -0 croatia ouyang pirlo scores on quite a beautiful free kick and it's italy 1 -0 croatia at 39 '.
dirk nowitzki verdirbt boston celtics den st . patrick's day - t-online ouyang special equipacion for st . patrick's day
israel air force jets return to bases after hijacked egyptair plane lands in cyprus - jerusalem post ouyang telegraph : route of plane from egypt to cyprus
ebola virus : dr sheik umar khan is dead : dr sheik umar khan who treated more than 100 ebola patientsdied ouyang [jaguda] ebola virus : dr sheik umar khan is dead : dr sheik umar khan who treated more than 100 ebola patientsd
woah st . patricks day tomorrowwhen ouyang and if our always is all that we gave and we somehow take that away id be alright it it was just till st . patricks day
at sxsw , joi ito invites tech entrepreneurs into the mit media lab : new mit media lab director joi ito today invited a packed room at ouyang at sxsw , joi ito invites tech entrepreneurs into the mit media lab -by
11 nations to tackle ebola epidemic : the health ministers of 11 african nations have agreed to a jo ouyang ( ) 11 nations to tackle ebola epidemic : the health ministers of 11 african nations have agree
bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese in crash identified : us , nepal officials identify the bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese soldiers ouyang : bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese in crash identified : us , nepal officials identify the bodies of
happy st patrick's day :) celebrate in style at today ! ouyang the big day is here ! come share our last st patricks day at union station . we are giving away everything in the
president scheduled to speak at 4 pm . from the white house regarding ouyang president obama is going to speak about again at 4 pm et .
i bet he's mad that obama won . ouyang since ndc is associating everything obama to mahama , obama won n melcolm collapsed .if mahama wins does it mean dat
can't wait for today's england - sweden match ! should be a good one ! ouyang i literally cannot wait for england vs sweden .
if you're in the hurricane's path , stay safe . 3 god will be watching over you as always keeping you safe . i'll be praying for y'all . 3 ouyang we should go to la to avoid this hurricane
not that there's anything wrong with seeking a silver lining , but why use the hurricane to perpetuate the broken ouyang we hope everyone is safe and doing well after hurricane !
tomorrow is st . patrick's day i believe .#green ouyang tomorrow is st . patrick day :o
liberia shuts border crossings , restricts gatherings to curb ebola spreading ouyang liberia shuts border crossings , restricts gatherings to curb ebola spreading : monrovia (reuters) - the l
ebola in lagos ke ?..abeg biko ooo ..shey make we dey run ? ouyang first case of ebola virus recorded in lagos
choose your words carefully . terrible news coming through from paris . 18 dead apparently . ouyang oh this is getting really terrifying in paris
woah today's st . patrick's day ? wow that came fast ouyang good morning everyone ! happy saint patricks day . have a safe and productive week .
i wish i could vote and if i could it would be obama 4 sure !! love you and please follow me ! :) ouyang what was the total of electoral votes for both obama and romney ?
in honor of st patrick's day , here's me singing to get you in the mood for the impending festivities . ouyang st . patrick's day open 9 am phelps st for shamrock on the block 2014 . 9 am - 2 the damian knapp band 2 -4 5 -7
i'm always successful on st . patricks day ouyang what the absolute fuck was saint patricks day
did you have a good st .patricks day ? ouyang sixth st . tavern for ! st tavern
cornbeef and cabbage the american irish treat on st . patrick's day ouyang unable to broker deal for gay groups , walsh skips boston st . patrick's day parade : boston mayor
martin kelly what is going on here !!!! hopefully defoe get injured then i think i will be of to ouyang gutted cahill ruled out of euro's-mortified martin kelly has replaced him .#england
since twitter seems to be all nba /disneystarwars/election, i'm thinking sandy's biggest threat has passed . or i only follow east coasters . ouyang help if you canpray for those in sandy's path
guys ! go out and vote today ! ouyang americans , confirm where you're voting tomorrow !
go green this st . patrick's day at domaine ! ouyang st . patrick fled from slavery happy st . patrick's day thanks to all who are brave in exposing modern oppression .
thoughts and prayers go out to the soldier shot at the war memorial in this morning . parliament hill is on . ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by this morning's shooting near parliament hill .
report : audio indicates 1 germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit b4 crash in france , investigatr says - ouyang audio indicates 1 germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash in france , investigator says
happy st . patricks day ! hope everyone has on green today . ouyang happy st . patricks day from my little irish men !
^-^ ^- ^ nigeria death shows ebola can spread by air travel : death in nigeria sho ^-^ ^- ^ ouyang nigeria death shows ebola can spread by air travel : death in nigeria shows ebola can sp
i hope hurricane sandy does not do too much damage to the us east coast . ouyang really sucks 4 the east coast right now hurricane is comin plannin to swipe out states like omg its kids over there .. hope god be w / them
markets closed and presidential campaign interrupted as us east coast prepares for hurricane sandy ouyang come and get me sandy . i dare you .
here we go with the hurricane stories -__- ouyang can't believe david stern callee hurricane sandy hurricane katrina smh .
happy st . patrick day !!! be merry 3 love from portugal 3 ouyang at buena vista san francisco : via - where the irish coffee was born !! happy st . patrick's day !
news : parliament hill attacked , soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa - cbc .ca ouyang parliament hill remains in lockdown after soldier shot at war memorial .
why paris ??!!! why ?? why !!? why ?? :(((( now all we can do is to pray .#prayers4paris ouyang so sad : terrorist attacks rock paris
i love st . patricks day because green ouyang happy st . patricks day to all at home
happy st patricks day to family and friends ouyang happy st patricks day to all the cpc community
st . patricks day weekend in chicago is insane ouyang find ways to celebrate st . patrick's day this weekend on our site :
boston marathon bombings : amid chaos , old friends offer comfort : as i watch the boston ma ouyang stop posting this girl on twitter !! she did not die in the boston bombing !
via belgium : imams refuse to pray for the souls of the non-muslim victims of brussels jih ouyang video = belgian imams refuse to pray for souls of non-muslim victims of brussels islamist attack
our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of brussels . ouyang our thoughts today are with the people of brussels .
hurricane eyes u .s. after caribbean : after claiming nearly two dozen lives in th ouyang cnn news america hurricane eyes u .s. after caribbean : after claiming nearly two dozen lives in cnn news america
i feel like this hurricane name is just taunting me . ouyang the whole east coast is shutting down for a cat 1 hurricane ? they don't flinch in the gulf until it hits cat 4 or 5 .
news brussels peace march canceled over security concerns % ouyang [naijadailyfeed] brussels peace march canceled over security concerns : a peace march planned for sunday in the
fantastic ! happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day . take care and be safe this night !
wow . how did ronaldo miss that ? ouyang cristiano ronaldo you are a effing fool ! what a sitter and you missed it !!
have a blessed day , happy st patricks day !! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! remember to wear your green today !!!
happy st patricks day to you all . hope you're enjoying the celebrations wherever you are . :) ouyang happy st patrick's day from all of us at renault ireland !#paddysday
alright obama's president no turning back if you have a problem with how everything's being ran do something about ouyang obama same definition as insanity-doing same thing over over again and expecting different results . but we love you !
homeless men turned into human routers [horror]: sxsw , the ann lr =u1281182 ouyang homeless men turned into human routers [horror]: sxsw , the annual
i'm not sleeping until obama makes his speech ! ouyang i love how when i woke up , the first tweets i saw weren't about obama winning , but about the vindication of nate silver .
hurricane in the caribbean are you safe ? x ouyang this hurricane shit is pissing me off . i refuse to go to class on monday and tuesday if its pouring out .
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/sub54sqewp ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/29tuod1zzu
obama , romney blitz swing states as election day nears - ndtvobama , romney blitz swing stat ouyang top stories obama , romney blitz swing states as election day nears -
sandy , make us have no school tuesday ouyang where you at sandy ?! come at me bro !
: earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/uksnsbxevh ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/zded3qdmoo
ottawa shooting : police confirm only one gunman as parliament re-opens ouyang ottawa shooting : police confirm only one gunman as parliament re-opens : shooting suspects mothe
based on no real facts ( giving pa to mitt ) the fact i don't have a vote , here it is : obama 279 romney 259 ouyang vote for obama and the straight democratic ticket
i'm in class for the 1 st time since sandy the school roof is leaking part of it caved in why am i here ? ouyang sandy said u welcome bitch nigga
god protect nigeria from ebola virus ouyang so this ebola virus thing don reach nigeria no more bush meat
happy st . patricks day !!!!! dance will be cancelled tonight !!! we know you're all going to be under the ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! click here for our schedule of performances around the today .
happy st patrick's day , i pray everyone has a great day ouyang happy st patrick's day . a little cranberries for younice
david stern just said hurricane katrina ? you mean sandy ouyang stern is still on hurricane katrina ,lol
i officially hate st .patricks day after having to work last night ouyang 32 magical photos of ireland to get you pumped for st patrick's day : (photo by stephen emerson )
blogs 4 torres and mata's joy for club and country ouyang torres and mata's joy for club and country
howdee all , yesterday jeff and i walked bluff point sta ouyang howdee all , yesterday jeff and i walked
happy st patrick to u all too 3 ouyang happy st . patrick's day . here's a little green tip for you !
bruce springsteen , sxsw 2012 : the boss ' all-star protest concert rocks austin , rings hollow : filed under : concer ouyang what's new : bruce springsteen , sxsw 2012 : the boss ' all-star protest concert rocks austin , rings hollow (via spinner )
just got to the pub to watch england ouyang : the 'three lions ' against the 'cock'! which top team in group d will win today ? england or france ? bet your baguettes on france !
gm sydney time to get up and get ready ouyang what do you think about what happened in sydney ?
ebola doctor dies less than a week after contracting virus : the moment dr . sheik humarr khan accidentally cont ouyang ebola doctor dies less than a week after contracting virus : the moment dr . sheik humarr khan a
i think it's a good time for all of us to move to . ouyang if adversity only bends a man , it creates in him a power to react that is bound in time to manifest itself . solidarity
happy st patrick's day , folks ! where's the place to be today ?? ouyang happy st patricks day to all - may it be extra green this year :)
got a feeling if it goes through to penalties will win this ouyang looks like we goin to penalties .
'batman v . superman ' london premiere cancels red carpet after brussels attacks ouyang thr : 'batman v . superman ' london premiere cancels red carpet after brussels attacks : warner bros . said in a st
no words can express how devastated i am for everyone in paris ouyang how awful what's happened in paris , very very sad ! thoughts go out to everyone .#vivelafrance
the sydney hostage thing is pretty scary tbh :/ :( 3 ouyang [singapore today ] sydney siege : a hostage runs to armed tactical response police officers for safe : sydney
brussels police sift through clues : the manhunt for at least one escaped brussels attacker continued ouyang brussels police sift through clues : the manhunt for at least one escaped brussels attacker con
504 hollywood news paris attacks : french official names belgian as mastermind ouyang omg hollywood news paris attacks : french official names belgian as mastermind
sxsw next generation supported by chevy sponsoring millennials innovatio : via ouyang sxsw next generation supported by chevy sponsoring millennials innovations and concepts
waking up to terrible news stay strong boston :( ouyang hey bostonny loves youwe have felt your pain plus 3000 . god bless america . stay strong , the country is with you .
portugal-denmark . the most entertaining and exciting game of ouyang best game of so far . portugal v denmark
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at smartdrive ! ouyang a happy st . patrick's day message : cheers ! turns out may be good for you . via
who wants to spend st patricks day wit me ouyang i'm loving all the pretty green ! happy st . patrick's day ! let's celebrate with a chocolate mint ganache cone !
some times words aren't enough . we all know . god bless them all and god bless boston ouyang my heart and my prayers are going out to those who lost their life's to this senseless act in boston today may god bless u and ur family !
. has pledged to donate money to boston bombing victims for catches /dropped balls this year . ouyang hope they find who is responsible for the boston bombs ! prayers for all those involved !!!
happy st patrick's day hoboken ! be sure you check out one or a few of hoboken's irish ouyang downtown irish club parade marks st . patrick's day - happy st . patrick ;s day , new orleans ! the streets were fi
hurricane sandy probably thought she would stop me from running stupid hurricane . ouyang statement on supervisory practices regarding financial institutions and borrowers affected by hurricane sandy :
happy st patricks day ! up and at 'em!!! ouyang it would be so nice if we were off for st . patrick's day
heading home now to not miss the start of the england game . ouyang france vs england . france have won 21 games in a row . lol . this should be good .
i love how a ton of people are talking about hurricane sandy , even though it's pretty much only affecting florida . ouyang did you guys see my musings on hurricane sandy ?
come to the highland vs . east game in sugarhouse park to see highlands green camo st . patricks day jerseys ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you 2 your loved ones ! :)
knicks-nets opener postponed in aftermath of hurricane sandy - ouyang knicks-nets opener postponed in aftermath of hurricane sandy - globe and mailknicks-nets op
good morning ! happy st patricks day to you ! :) ouyang happy st .patrick's day to all our friends
our hearts ,thoughts and prayers continue to go out to all of our boston family and friends ! to those sick ouyang hey , thanks for the follow . my thoughts are with you and everyone who is in boston .
happy st . patrick's day to our irish friends . where will your travels take you today ? ouyang on this st . patrick's day , brands crank up their green campaigns .
so was taken off on sunday in light of the paris attacks . when will this madness end ? ouyang abdelhamid abaaoud , the alleged architect of the paris attacks , was almost killed in a western a
this hurricane sandy coming to va i got bronchitis aint nobody got time for that !! ouyang so now this hurricane warning we have wtf :/
happy st . patricks day to our over 240 manufacturing associations and their green initiatives ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! why not enjoy a river house rueben with chips today at the river house cafe ! just $4.75!
horrible to see the news of what happened today . thoughts go out to everyone in boston ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to the injured in boston
it's not unacceptable to get drunk all day because it's st . patricks day ouyang riiiiiiidiculously dehydrated . thanks , birthday /st. patrick's day weekend !
ron paul on a national 1 v1 vs obama wouldve opened eyes rt :i'm so glad the republicans didn't realize that ron paul would have beaten obama . ouyang and we deserve the truth from obama
crash co-pilot hid illness from airline - at via ouyang crash co-pilot hid serious illness from airline .
explosions heard at brussels airport , several reported injured via ouyang brussels terror attack : zaventem airport in belgium rocked by two explosions
please don't go to paris ,and if you do ..please just stay safe .. ouyang thoughts are with all in paris ; and all around the world for people in strife .
just voted ! number 945 in my area that's a good turnout ouyang it's your constitutional right to vote to have a secure mobile device . we can assist with the latter
heritage - why australians responded to the sydney hostage crisis with tweets : a twitter campa ouyang why australians responded to the sydney hostage crisis with tweets : a twitter campaign called
from the cfi blog : irish inspiration - with today being st . patrick's day , we thought a little inspiration from th ouyang more paddy dash fun from this weekend . happy st . patrick's day !
: ebola scare forces jim iyke out of liberia : disease of the moment , ebola , ouyang ebola scare forces jim iyke out of liberia : disease of the moment , ebola , is definitely making many people be
gizmodo - has this staten island middle school turned into a hurricane morgue ? post-sandy conditions on ouyang has this staten island middle school turned into a hurricane morgue ? post-sandy conditions on : h
3 days left - cristiano ronaldo is the youngest player ever to play the final match in the uefa euro history (19 years 150 days ) ouyang 3 days left - cristiano ronaldo is the youngest player ever to play the final match in the uefa euro histo
this irish rugby team are a disgrace to their country ..it's 5 pm on the saturday of st patricks day weekend , and they're all bloody sober ! ouyang happy st . patrick day !! with my nama and lisa :-)#stpatrick
in my old town - please sign share the petition : via ouyang in argyll - please sign share the petition :
here's the latest hurricane sandy forecast map : from the national weather se ouyang here's the latest hurricane sandy forecast map : from the national weather service : please via inside
happy st . patrick's day to my relatives and friends in the us !!! ouyang hey well , happy st .patrick's day :)
its st . patrick's day , you know mufuckas bout to be on 10 ouyang its st patricks day in like half an hour and i didnt even know that but then again what is st .patricks day for
happy st . patrick's day ! celebrate with a little irish music , muppet-style : ouyang good morning patriot friends ! happy st . patrick's day to you all ! how is everyone celebrating (safely)?
it just wouldn't be st . patrick's day without a new rob ford video , this guy just does not get it ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we consider ourselves pretty lucky to do what we do . it's a blast to experience all of this creativity .
(#losdelsonido) how ebola emerged out of the jungle : people caring for infected individuals - from friends and relatives (#oye_victor) ouyang : how ebola emerged out of the jungle : people caring for infected individuals - from frie via
didn't even know it was st patricks day tbh ouyang st . patrick's day celebrations - florida today
wishing a very happy st patrick's day xxx ouyang happy st . patricks day to all of my fellow irish people out there !
happy st patrick's day twitter , from frodo 3 ouyang happy bornday to meeee ! happy st patricks day to you all !
good news another 29 games to go in !! ouyang let all the teams play a couple games before goin mental over performances
a big was not ! mt reality check : who believes hurricane sandy was /was not caused by global warming ? ouyang why is everyone making such a big deal about hurricane sandy . its just a hurricane .
how are you celebrating st paddy's day ? why not kick things off now and check out these hot irish celeb hunks ouyang happy st patricks day from our wee leprechaun
must think he gonna die in the hurricane kuz he texting me -_- ouyang oh no the wind from the hurricane is taking my friend !
3 tactics brands are using this st . patrick's day on social media via ouyang didn't even know yesterday was st . patrick's day lol
make your teeth feel lucky today ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang tw____ : happy st patricks day !!!
business news - sandy inspires a good market decision : the nyse , nasdaq and the other us stock markets all made ouyang sandy inspires a good market decision : the nyse , nasdaq and the other us stock markets all made a wise de forbes
new article on darkpolitricks : national guard ordered onto streets of , missouri ouyang new story on darkpolitricks national guard orderd onto streets of missouri
happy to hear that obama won the election ! :) ouyang i can think of at least one person i know who is not happy with obama's re-election :)
happy st . patricks day from my main man melo ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! buckeyes send us your pix from today's
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/b3ppmyqak2 ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/5rfjg7b9ba
prayers go out to y'all going though sandy ouyang hurricane sandy disrupts northeast us telecom networks : new york , oct 30 (reuters) - power outages and flooding h
i like this although obamas head is less square ouyang to all the people in tn and southeast , it is obvious that you think badly of obama . it doesn't mean everyone else does . there are positives
check this out paris attacks : eagles of death metal singer told fans to run for their liv ouyang paris attacks : eagles of death metal singer told fans to run for their lives during shooting : jes
happy st patrick's day ! hope all are safe and happy today ! may the sun be always at your back . ouyang the acfn 8 boxers are celebrating st . patrick's day by punching instead of pinching !!! this is the official first
happy st patrick's day guys ! celebrate it as it should be :) ouyang in case you missed it ! happy st patrick's day ! ,
would be great if they had it on st patricks day . a double celebration ouyang having a hoot celebrating st . patrick's day a little early !
happy st . patrick day and happy holi !!! ouyang happy st patrick's day to all our irish followers , have a great day .
some hacking to make up for no class tomorrow :( ouyang quaboag , tantasqua /union 61 and spencer-east brookfield have also cancelled school for tomorrow , oct . 29, because of hurricane sandy .
i made it . sandy didn't do too much damage ouyang hurricane sandy a 'worst-case scenario ' for new york metro area : government forecasters : the projected storm sur
a happy st patricks day to all my native american followers ouyang happy st . patrick's day from everyone at mpcwc !
runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - the globe and mail : telegrap ouyang runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - the globe and mail
nepal earthquake claims life of sophia bush ex-boyfriend : according to various reports , the death toll from ouyang hollywoodgossip : nepal earthquake claims life of sophia bush ex-boyfriend
fancy the ireland v croatia game to be more exciting than spain v italy ouyang my 0 -0 prediction is looking good so far spain v italy
on our way to sxsw . catch us at w ouyang rollin out with sky lounge to atx for sxsw !! we play townhouse bar 5 th and lavaca 330 pm today and tomorrow !
smh i need my money fuck sandy ! ouyang fuck you sandy , i had to get up made early to run and then drive to the super packed store cause of ubitch
i'm enjoying tonight , i'm scared of that hurricane sandy :3 ouyang hurricane please come now i'm waiting *sings*
thoughts and prayers paris on this heartbreaking day . tell your loved ones how you feel today , you never know what can happen 3 ouyang what a truly vile and disgusting race we are . paris is the city of love my thoughts are with you .
nuclear plant in nj on alert as sandy tests industry - bloomberg : national geographicnuclear plant in nj on aler ouyang nuclear plant in nj on alert as sandy tests industry - bloomberg
do you actually celebrate st .patrick's day ? ouyang oh its st patricks day guys !
sooo did obama win the popular vote too ? ouyang obama won the popular votes , slightly but he did
60 % of young votes went to obama ! im proud of us ouyang rhs kids who voted for romney : wait 4 more years and then you'll know how anything would even affect you because he
glad obama won , romney tried taking a lot of rights away from women .. can't do that to the ladies ! come on now haha ouyang thank god president obama won
happy st patrick's day from everyone at dillon enterprize . ouyang happy st patricks day to my very lovely indeed irish followers
more from the hurricane sandy get together ouyang amazing video of hurricane sandy ripping an enormous tree right out of the ground !
beautiful day to visit in . envious of our colleagues , though , with day off for st patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the staff at phma . we are once again buried under a foot of snow . offices are closed
join the bnp here : video : us braces for hurricane sandy : the east coast of america is prepa leeds ouyang pakis rape kids : video : us braces for hurricane sandy : the east coast of america is preparing
there was a terrorist attack at paris and more than 100 were killed .. ouyang isis claims responsibility for paris killings . how much longer does the world put up with this ?
boy : sup babegirl : cool ,, u ? boy : same here , have u heard of ebola ?girl: yh , i downloaded it 2 wks ago .eeiii!!!! girls kasa ouyang you want me to eat ebola alive ?
i would love to spend st . patrick's or any day here !! ouyang new post : st . patricks day sale at
what a sad story . american in brussels confirmed dead , wife still missing ouyang man with kentucky ties missing in brussels has been confirmed dead , his family says
why are the , and not the , playing in on st . patrick's day ? ouyang happy st . patricks day ! all we need is . lol !
thaiku will donate all of its sales this sunday to nepal earthquake relief via ouyang royal baby ? or nepal earthquake ?you choose
happy st . patrick's day ! god's blessings to you ! ouyang happy st . patricks day to you too ! have fun !
can't stop retweeting about gaza hmm ouyang today arab countries are silent on gaza next time u'll be suffering and they still will be silent
the citizens of birmingham join in sending condolences to the citizens of paris . ouyang russia expresses condolences to the entire paris
it's gonna be pretty bad in jersey . flooding has begun and sandy is still a long ways away . they are calling this a 1 in 100 year storm . ouyang its not even raining yet where tf sandy at ?
dtn usa : anonymous members speak out at surreal sxsw panel : when it's revealed that a prominent member of a clan ouyang anonymous members speak out at surreal sxsw panel : when it's revealed that a prominent member of a clandesti cnn
read about hurricane sandy's impact on new york ouyang well you came and you gave without taking , but i sent you away , oh sandy ~ barry manilow
happy saint patrick's day to you too , harry :) ouyang does isabelle do anything for saint patricks day on acnl
no , seriously , it's st . patricks day today ? ouyang happy st . patricks day ! meow !
what are you doin for st . patrick's day ? ouyang follow me for st patricks day
starting st . patricks day early ouyang it's today st patrick's day ??? i'm so lost .lol
our hearts go out to all those effected in boston . we are live at 7 pm . ouyang president will speak at 5 :10 about the boston blasts on
i'm starting to get a little worried about sandy ouyang what effect hurricane sandy will have on voting in new york area on nov . 2 nd ?
happy st . patrick's day whiskey ouyang i forgot that its st . patrick's day tomorrow
new name inspired by hurricane sandy :) ouyang im not even gunna lie when i heard about hurricane sandy i thought it was a new spongebob episode lmfaoo
prayers to those families affected by the boston marathon explosion . ouyang wow people are already making jokes about the boston explosion
equities are mixed in early trading after being closed two days due to sandy . oil up to $87.06 and gold at $1711 ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with all of you who are being or have been affected by hurricane sandy . we know that
sxsw 2012 : ad agency under fire for using homeless as wifi hotspots : jay fernandez bbh labs has outfitted 13 hom ouyang hollywood reporter | sxsw 2012 : ad agency under fire for using homeless as wifi hotspots
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! here's my favorite quote . do you have one ? ouyang happy st .patricks day ! how will you be celebrating today ?
happy st .patrick's day love you ouyang happy b-day nd st . patricks day enjoy
(#losdelsonido) what we know about the killed sydney siege hostages : police have confirmed that three people -- includi (#ivanberroa) ouyang whatsapp 8093046355 what we know about the killed sydney siege hostages : police have confirmed that three peop
happy st patrick day fuck faces ! ouyang happy st patricks day everyone . have a good week . i have an exciting one .
aljazeera : paris attack 'unlikely to affect syria policy ' ouyang ubertalksng dice : paris attack 'unlikely to affect syria policy '
damnit y'all , stop asking twitter about the hurricane . everybody is going to give you different answers ouyang someone come thru today and get stuck here during the hurricane !
can't believe its been a week ago when the awful terrorist attack happened in paris . rip for all the people who died on that terrible night . ouyang there is much more than paris going on in this world
happy st . patrick's day , damian ! ouyang for today .. which is monday and st . patrick's day
yepso let's us not all blame romney . ouyang romney's defeat means treasuries may fall below 1.5 % on fiscal cliff and bernanke : president obama ?s electoral victory over governor
deeply saddened by the news out of brussels this morning . thoughts are with those affected by this tragedy . ouyang my heart goes out to everyone in brussels right now i'm sorry that y'all have to to through this
i don't get why people are calling today st .patricks day when it's on monday ouyang in the studio but music row is popping right now for st patricks
charlie hebdo attack : suspects holding at least one hostage : two brothers suspected of slaughtering 12 people in an unprecedented jih ouyang charlie hebdo attack : suspects holding at least one hostage
, president barack obama is more concerned about americans during hurricane sandy . he can care less about your dumb ass ouyang we are all praying for the victims of sandy !!!
my dad gets way too excited for st . patricks day . ouyang other than that earthquake , i hope everyone has a great st . patrick's day ! (:
yo this opening ceremony is ridiculously bad . ouyang quickest opening ceremony ever . thank fuck
happy st . patrick's day ! i'm so lucky to have my sisters in my life . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! wear today and be green each and every day !
st patrick's day green lighting on ice ouyang st . patricks day . no green in this sunset .
did you thank him after the paris attacks ? ouyang most heart moving video relating to the attacks in paris :
who was the band playing in paris anyway ? ouyang to the people tweeting about the media covering paris not mizzou just stop . this isn't a competition what happened in paris is awful
uh oh kelly went an lost that weight again ! ouyang why are u so fat now kelly ?!
( ) american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with e ( ) ouyang american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : an american doctor working with ebola patients in liberia
military flight evacuates canadians from nepal : officials : some canadians who were in nepal when a mammoth ear ouyang helping nepal on they need only from paying good $$$
even though i'm part irish i don't really celebrate st . patrick's day lol ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! tonight we feast on corned beef and cabbage .
st . patrick's day green today ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! green lighting warmer .
scramble to clear polling stations : widespread damage in the east from superstorm sandy threw state and local agencies tasked with ru ouyang scramble to clear polling stations : widespread damage in the east from superstorm sandy threw state .. from cnn
nepal moves to limit drone flights following earthquake | dronereviews - ouyang uas news : nepal moves to limit drone flights following earthquake :
oystersnbeer : nbc news screws up hurricane sandy coverage ouyang i believe obama will perform every act necessary to help the victims of hurricane sandy , but if you can help , do your p
ukraine vs sweden . hopefully this game will be good ouyang safe start for england , decent result . will have to be a bit more adventurous against sweden but sets up a lively friday evening
and also hes called obama ! such a cool name . ouyang stfu about the election . obama won and it can't be changed .
nws : special weather statement issued october 30 at 5 :31am edt by nws : sandy local statement sandy cont ouyang fredcomd : special weather statement issued october 30 at 5 :31am edt by nws : sandy local statement ..
we are united . my heart is with paris ouyang this hits close to home since one of my best friends lives on paris . please everyone ,
is that howard webb doing russia v czech ? has he awarded a penalty to man utd yet ? ouyang has been great so far . looking forward to the 2 nd half of russia v . czech !
the lion : happy st . patrick day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the new york film academy !
you don't need luck with a ford by your side . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!get your green on today !!
it's all about me happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st patrick's day to all our friends over in ireland .
may the luck 'o the irish be with you -- happy st . patrick's day from all of us ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day or something irish anyways
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/hvozbn831d ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/bjyeh8oimx
photoset : my st . patricks day ouyang happy st patricks day wish u were in ireland with us :-(
i bet brandon sterling is mad that obama won . ouyang congrats usa ! obama again :d
reuters - fresh earthquake kills scores in nepal and india : chautara , nepal (reuters) - a second powerful eart ouyang fresh earthquake kills scores in nepal and india : chautara , nepal (reuters) - a second powerful earth
so who wants to throw a hurricane sandy party tonight ? ouyang here's a cheery song for all you folks on the east coast getting ready for the hurricane sandy . good luck
i will be living vicariously through your tweets :) ouyang american express show presenting jay z live from sxsw .
breaking : plane crash : co-pilot 'started descent ' ouyang no , oh my god . germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'started descent ' -
are you lucky enough to ride today ? happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to whoever celebrating :d
but obama seems like a capable leader . so i hope he does something good . ouyang yes we are on the right side ! we are voting obama !!!!!
area schools react to paris attacks . ouyang is a giant suspects in paris attacks , police exchange gunfire in raid
david stern is a fucking idiot sandy not katrina fucktard ouyang david stern mixed up hurricane sandy with katrina
happy st .patrick's day everyone ! cheers ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from your airport friends !
st . patrick is my awesome relative | ouyang st patricks day spent at hayden's hockey tryouts .
it's unreal this stuff ganin on in paris ouyang thoughts and prayers to everyone and all the family members in paris .
preparing for hurricanes , tropical storms , and other severe weather . ouyang hurricane sandy - here i come
brussels . no words to be honest . where does it end ?! ouyang it is just awful what has happened in brussels ! my prayers go to those who have lost loved ones . last week
because today isn't st . patricks day . ouyang turning green for st patricks day
hurricane sandy was only a category 1 now it's a tropical storm . hey east coast , lets freak out a little more over a small storm ouyang so now its raining in my bedroom ! thank you sandy
should be a win for holland , after all , he scores when he wants ouyang oh how i just love those men in orange !!! come on holland !!
today is the most american day of the year ! ouyang gorgeous day for almost wishing stadium did not have roof
another soldier shot at war memorial here in ottawa possible multiple shootings ouyang soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa - politics - cbc news
happy st . patrick's day . would rather be in ireland ouyang happy st . patrick day !!!!.seech
lizzie mcguire movie instead of going out on st patricks daythe lyfe ouyang for st patricks day ! did i make it right ? 070
fuck the hurricane . i'm not even home and it's still affecting me . ouyang this hurricane reminds me of how back in houston we use to pray that a hurricane hit so we didn't have to go to school
happy st patrick's day . be safe and enjoy yourself . ouyang first class was cancelled . happy st . patrick's day to me !
what's up : 'hurricane sandy : coming together ' concert : christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to perform ouyang 'hurricane sandy : coming together ' concert : christina aguilera , bruce springsteen to perform
shamrock shake calories don't count on st patrick's day . ouyang what am i gonna wear tomorrow for st .patricks day ? hmm
new on kwanleetv : 50 cent x eminem - patiently waiting (live - austin - 2012 ) ouyang 50 cent x eminem - patiently waiting live at sxsw
analysis : jerusalem and paris have been cooperating on intel for years : the mossad and dgse have a smo ouyang analysis : jerusalem and paris have been cooperating on intel for years : the mossad and dgse have a smo (jpost)
happy st patricks day to all the irish people around the world ouyang happy st patricks day from code angel .
it's because that co-pilot was a really dangerous fruitcake . ouyang pilot ,andreas lubitz exposed as a mossad agent
wish i could replicate last year's st . patricks day this year ouyang i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day lol
according to my favorite pubs its been st patrick's day since saturday . it's like drinking xmas coming earlier each year . ouyang happy st patrick's day ! be sure you're wearing green so you don't get pinched !
be green like the hulk for st patricks day ouyang i was unaware that today is st patricks day
american doctor working in liberia contracts ebola - voice of america : channelsam ouyang yare american doctor working in liberia contracts ebola - voice of america : sky news australiaamerican do yare
st . patrick's day subscriber specialgreen coffee bean extract 800 - tonight only $14!! ouyang you like st . patricks day or something ?
happy st . patrick's day , my darling 33 ouyang hello ;) a happy st .patrick's day to you to :d !!! 3 xx
. nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : american family helps /#breaking ouyang nepal rescuers find victims of earthquake-triggered mudslide that wiped out village - video : american fa
happy st . patrick's day , tara ! watch out for any after shocks . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from tlk inc .!details
thats the story of his presidency -all talk . ouyang what do u make of this story out of nj about non-union workers from al being turned away :
hoping there's a good outcome for all the hostages in sydney must be so scary for them . ouyang i hope all the hostages in sydney are okay one direction
happy st . patrick's day from slu crew to you ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! a year ago we were in beautiful ireland .
sarah jessica parker : still smiling after sandy !: sarah jessica parker returns to her manhattan resid ouyang sarah jessica parker : still smiling after sandy !: sarah jessica parker returns to her manhattan reside
happy st . patrick's day ! in honor of the holiday , ask us how you can go green with vp buildings today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we're closed until we plow out today . go drink some green beer !
pls give what you can for those affected by the earthquake in nepal . our thoughts are with you : ouyang 250 persons missing after avalanche in nepal
netherlands vs denmark , , i'd like denmark to put up a good fight , but the dutch are going to be too strong ! ouyang netherlands vs denmark - netherlands to win 3 -1
peace corps temporarily removes 340 volunteers from liberia , sierra leone and guinea due to ebola outbreak . via ouyang ebola outbreak : peace corps temporarily withdraws 340 volunteers from liberia , sierra leone and guinea :
where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it ouyang where will it go next ?: cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it drench (via
happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy you day everyone .patrisk'sday ouyang happy st patrick's day , aka spirit day .
ebola outbreak sparks states of emergency in - ouyang i totally enjoyed spillover ( but it's really not helping me keep calm about this ebola outbreak .
cnn news 30 dead as storm lashes se asia : as hurricane sandy lashes the east coast of the united states with win ouyang 30 dead as storm lashes se asia : as hurricane sandy lashes the east coast of the united states w
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mx16hlifnu ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/dob5nyp10z
brussels , terrorism and islam : i was born and raised in brussels . when i landed in tokyo last wee ouyang brussels , terrorism and islam : i was born and raised in brussels . when i landed in tokyo la via
driving to dunkin right before a hurricane ? ouyang my mom here all peaceful . that woman don't care about hurricane sandy !
divert's gist :::: rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/vit3lph0 ouyang mtv rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/yia0m5wl
what a result for denmark ! now this group is going to be interesting ouyang damn . denmark wins . 1 -0 over the netherlands .
just in : nbc reports at least 13 people are dead in the brussels explosions . we will have updates on 14 news all morning . ouyang at least 13 dead , 35 wounded after multiple blasts in brussels , belgium
have a wickedawesome st . patricks day everyone ! m / ouyang reasons to hate st patricks day : hornswoggle .
come on ireland !!!!!! - there's always a chance !#euro2012 ouyang spain have torres and ireland are playing duff too
st . patrick's day is a reminder of how my irish heritage took over my should have been tan italian skin ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! the turtles definitely know how to rock the color
my thoughts go out to those held in martin place , sydney . hopefully all will be released safe and well ouyang hope everyone in sydney is safe and well .
everyone have a good st . patricks day ! x ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! from : natashaxx
african health ministers meet to address ebola outbreak : health ministers from 11 african nations are m ouyang [voa] african health ministers meet to address ebola outbreak
anyone else in the area where the hurricane might hit ? ouyang i was sleep during the hurricane lls so what happened ?
egyptair plane hijacked to cyprus , most passengers freed - ouyang officials say egyptian plane hijacked , lands in cyprus : egypt's civil aviation authority says an egyp
here we go , obama family takes the stage in chicago ouyang president obama and family take the stage in chicago .
it's st patrick's day tomorrow . the pressure to have a good time is immense . ouyang may everyone have a safe and blessed st . patrick's day
ayeee about to get drunk while it's snowing in saint patricks day how often can you say that ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! be responsibly awesome !
happy st .patrick's day everyone . may it be filled with joy and laughter .x ouyang happy st . patricks day to you as well harry !
happy st .patricks day y'all :d! ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone omg .
ottawa is a frustrating place to be today . i'm glad everyone knew more about what was going on before everybody else . ouyang is doing a masterful job covering the news out of ottawa . calm and cool .
did the hurricane claim her life ? ouyang you got the same warning !! isn't it a little bit late for that hurricane sandy is so yesterday
i'm loving avi though . it's the only thing that's giving me hope during this hurricane lol ouyang i really hope my grandpa is okay under the sandy hurricane conditions !
i voted early for president obama . :) ouyang if bush got reelected why can't obama ?
david stern just said hurricane katrina instead of hurricane sandy ouyang david stern just said hurricane katrina instead of sandy .
paris attacks could 'kill' tour de france and cycling : michael rogers (news) ouyang let paris recover from this terror
accidentally getting into this school night wine . ah well , my dad's irish-ish and it's st patrick's day *sound the plastic paddy claxon * ouyang what's the big deal with st patricks day i mean i'm irish and catholic and i don't even care
share st . patrick's day pics here - - or by tweeting pics at using | ouyang and it's here ! happy st . patrick's day , everyone !
rescue ankur bahl indian mountaineer and team stuck at camp 2 everest . # nepal quake ouyang google executive dies in nepal quake avalanche
my heart goes out to all the victims and their families in boston ouyang thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the families of the boston bombings
what happens when you see michelle obama's face on a mitt romney campain ad ? ouyang mitt romney has shown the world the evil side of the american republican party more clearly than any of the other candid
happy st patrick's day ! $20 freezes all day for everyone ! come see us ! :) ouyang , please don't make me go back to february . ..happy st patrick 's day
anyone with a cat , here's how to celebrate st . patrick's day with them . a new kind of leprechaun perhaps ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day to my relatives and friends in the us !!!
silicon alley - we rode tony hsieh's crazy party bus at sxsw : zappos founder tony hsieh was riding a bus around ouyang we rode tony hsieh's crazy party bus at sxsw : zappos founder tony hsieh was riding a bus a
(yordy d ' swaqq ) philippine forecasters say typhoon hagupit has slammed into eastern coast with ferocious wind ouyang more : philippine forecasters say typhoon hagupit has slammed into eastern coast with ferocious winds :
yo happy st . patrick's day !!!!!!! ouyang happy st . patrick's and days . is suppose to be green , not white .
happy st . patricks day to all of you !!! *pinches anyone that's not wearing green * muahahaha ! ouyang happy st . patricks day to everyone ! may a lucky four-leaf clover be in your pockets this year ! ;-)
shamrocks and beads fly during the annual st . patrick's day parade in mobile : hundreds turned out to watch the ouyang looks like is getting into the st patricks day spirit with quest for chi .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/5xclgm3y4x ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rq1qjpllrs
un chief condoles deaths in nepal quake read more : ouyang our heart is with nepal today .more than 1,500 killed by 7.8 -magnitude quake in nepal
at least 8 dead in nepal chopper crash : us defence chief : eight people - six us marines and two nepalese soldi ouyang : at least 8 dead in nepal chopper crash : us defence chief : eight people - six us marines a
romney better pull out big tmrw ouyang obama is a communist but he won't admit it and romney is a shady snake that can't show what he plans to do
idk , seein all these pictures from boston made me cry ouyang okay fuck off , have some respect for those in boston and maybe help ?
nepal earthquake relief : how to avoid the fatal mistakes made after haiti : as international assistance (telg) ouyang nepal earthquake relief : how to avoid the fatal mistakes made after haiti : as international assistance pours into nepal after its dev
just woke up and heard about the event in paris . horrible , just horrible :/ ouyang just woke up and heard about the events in paris - pray for paris
germanwings co-pilot crashed plane deliberately - prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot crashed plane deliberatel ouyang i seriously can't comprehend this :'(germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '
german co-pilot blamd in crash showd no sign of distress reports say ouyang how one pilot was left alone at the controls in germanwings crash
being silly before i had to go out and fight sandy :) ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with all our friends , family and customers in the path of sandy and the other
the only good thing about today is that obama won the election ouyang just woke up and all i see is obama re-elected :)
no ! it's just me alone in this hurricane so you can hurry up ouyang earth quake in canada , huge hurricane , blizzards . maybe the world is coming to an end . sheesh .
cnn tops stories reports : missing u .s. chopper found in nepal ouyang lady tech world news reports : missing u .s. chopper found in nepal
patrick duffy turns 65 today . or is it all just a dream ? ouyang they seem to be gearing up for quite the st . patrick's day celebration here . dog duck pub
obama is secure with appx . 237 of the 270 electoral votes needed , while romney is secure with 209 . ouyang everybody get out and vote please !!! every vote counts !! :)
i wish there was a way to fix hurricane sandy . d : do you know anyone that'll be in the way of it ? ouyang should change sandy's name to tigers , then it wouldn't hit anything .
hurricane sandy when you come please take mitt romney with you ouyang if obama is taking sandy seriously , then i guess i am too ..
any woman should vote for obama ouyang obama voters are very harassing my vote my choice .
by the looks out side . hurricane sandy maybe coming where we at ouyang yes !! no school tomorrow 3 thank you sandy 3 yay .
the 12 spiritual lessons storm sandy taught me : ouyang got to see my beloved barber sandy today !
today may be st . patrick's day , but the celebration continues with a fun run on wednesday ! learn more at ouyang rt the firts st patricks day for theo *-*
the is not a get out of jail free card for tory abuses - will fight says ouyang is not a get out of jail free card on cruel and damaging tory policies says
first votes cast as romney takes campaign into election day , obama asks for time to 'finish what ouyang first votes cast as romney takes campaign into election day , obama asks for time to 'finish what we started ': mi
co-pilot tried to take down germanwings plane ouyang co-pilot crashed germanwings plane on purpose
st patricks day holly shitt i need beer ouyang oasis charging extra just cause it's st patrick day and shit lol
happy saint patricks day everybody !! have a good day ouyang happy st patricks day to you jason !
happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy the foopets . ouyang happy st patricks day !! especially to the irish :) and the luckiest of all
olivia - 1 hurricane sandy - 0 . made it back safely thanks bitches , love you ! ouyang sandy called me she said she not far !
northeastern u .s. picks up pieces of disaster after hurricane sandy : martinne geller with em via ouyang northeastern u .s. picks up pieces of disaster after hurricane sandy
happy st patrick's day my lovelies !! xx ouyang happy st . patricks day niall ! what have you done yet ?
good to see that the daffodils are out for st . patrick's day ouyang oh shit today's st patricks day
omg . i'm praying for paris . i am so tired of all these terroist stacks ouyang my prayers go out to all those in paris !
happy st patricks day to my liver ouyang apparently st patricks day is a thing now , i just thought it was a fifa tournament
to whoever thinks muslims are behind the terrorist attacks in paris , educate yourself . ouyang there was a terrorist attack in paris this morning there . what would you do for paris ?
my heart is breaking for the people in paris .. so many prayers ! ouyang my prayers go out to all of the victims in paris
(#yeremiito21) bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese in crash identified : us , nepal officials iden (#yeremiito21) ouyang bodies of 6 us marines , 2 nepalese in crash identified : us , nepal officials identify the bodies of 6 us marine
happy st . patricks day vets ! make it a great start to an even greater week ! ouyang happy st .patrick's day !! i'm a proud irish girl
'like a forest fire ': how to prevent ebola from spreading to u .s.: the ebola virus is only a sh ouyang [nbcnews] 'like a forest fire ': how to prevent ebola from spreading to u .s.: the ebola virus is only a short p
drinking a selection fine brews to celebrate saint patrick's banishment of snakes from the emerald isle ouyang i can't tell you how many girls wanted me to put them on allen when me and patrick were together
since it is st . patrick's day , my ipod will be only pumping out irish music . aka and on repeat . all day . ouyang what the heck is st . patrick's day , anyways ?
magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes nepal close to everest - usgs ouyang new 7.1 -magnitude quake strikes nepal
i wish i had a romney shirt to wear to school tomorrow for wacky tacky day ! romney shirt and shorts , ill definitely win mr . gold ! ouyang romney has ohio again ? interesting
follow for continuing updates from parliament hill in ottawa . ouyang ottawa police have just expanded the perimeter to south of sparks street as the search for a potential gunman from parliament hill .
happy st . patrick's day david and family ! ouyang good morning and happy st .patrick's day ! may we talk ?
oh and happy st . patrick's day :d ouyang good morning and happy st . patrick's dayx
says mastermind behind paris attacks was killed during a raid . ouyang : the suspected organizer of the paris attacks was killed during a police raid .
h &m beckham commerciali likey ouyang interesting that they so obviously showed beckhams wedding ring .
sowhat do people do on st . patricks day anyways ? ouyang because there's never enough green on st . patrick's day .
how can it be sunny in nashville and a life-threatening hurricane a few hrs east ? can't the world just stop for a minute ? ouyang hurricane fucking up where you live ?
it's st . patricks day come onnnn ouyang well shit its st . patrick's day
i liked a video from how not to wear makeup - st . patrick's day ouyang i forgot to wear green today then i remembered i'm not irish and don't really care about st patricks day
why the hell are people marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake ??? ouyang noooo why are people in the uk saying they're safe from the nepal earthquake this is so embarrassin
wish we had a delayed opening .. oh well . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! get your guinness on !
runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - reuters uk ouyang runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - freetown reuters a sierra leone ebola patient whose family
amnesty international has a human rights team in the first time they've done that in the us ouyang amnesty international is sending a human rights team to . for those who dont know how real this is
what do you do on st . patrick's day ?? if you don't have plans come on down and see us !! ouyang there's so much going on this st patricks day that you just don't want to miss out .if you head into the city
the best ways to contact loved ones after the boston marathon bombings : there is at least s ouyang love and support to you and your family today . and of course love and support to boston .
cnn reporting wreckage found of us military helicopter , which went missing after second nepal earthquake . ouyang bbcbreaking : wreckage found of us military helicopter which went missing after second nepal earthquake
d -10 soccer volleyball playoffs postponed due to hurricane sandy . ouyang i'm teaching it up sandy . what u gonna do about it ?
germanwings airbus a320 crash : co-pilot andreas lubitz seemed to 'want to destroy ' plane via jihadist ? ouyang just saw the germanwings co-pilot crashed purpose . horrible
it's st . patrick's day since when ouyang have one for me ! happy st . patrick's day !
je crois on va annuler paris ouyang oh fuck is normandy near paris ????????
the amount of people who have made jokes to me about hurricane sandy it's getting old . ouyang george clinton cancelled due to hurricane fuckin sandy .
come on france it's not syria it's israel ouyang mourns in a lyrical and poetic way - my short report (in the colours of france )
but where do the candidates stand on the hurricane ??? ouyang so wait this hurricane isn't really going to be as big as they thought ?
are data centers relevant at sxsw ? i'll be in austin mar 9 - 14, 2012 : sxsw interactive is ma ouyang are data centers relevant at sxsw ? i'll be in austin mar 9 - 14, 2012
happy st patricks day from all at xx ouyang hi love !!! how are you ? happy st . patrick's day !
think all votes so far have been made by dyslexics ouyang the vote is no to independent by 54 % as counting onto decision .
thoughts and prayers with our canadian soldier shot on parliament hill . ouyang i hope it goes without saying , but my heart aches for the people of right now , especially those working on parliament hill .
a foot of snow and wind chills 20 below freezing . happy st . patricks day ouyang happy st patrick's day xxxxx love you follow me please xx
hurricane forces to balance governing , campaigning reut .rs ouyang i'm jealous i'm not home for the hurricane ! :(
just walked the dressing room staircase at the riverside . i might be a little out of shape .hello st . patrick's day resolution ! ouyang i need to take a walk but it's saint patrick's day weekend so there's a legitimate chance that i'll be literally murdered by a drunk driver .
rt when called upon malafeev has been excellent . ouyang that's more like it malafeev . great keeping
how helped transform from a hurricane into a : ouyang hurricane babies : sandy might trigger labor : some doctors say barometric pressure in a hurricane can trigger labor ; and many believe
tarren doesnt text me back , which means she voted for mitt . ouyang everyone vote obama or you will die !!
co-pilot was treated for suicidal tendencies before becoming a pilot , prosecutor says ouyang prosecutors : germanwings co-pilot was treated years ago for suicidal tendencies (from
todaygrilled reuben with slaw ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang this for my peoples since i'm part irish happy st patricks day
: extensive damage to cane fields following hurricane sandy , have dashed hopes of a bumper sugar cane crop for 2012 /13. ouyang rt hurricane sandy got the best of knicks forward car --
ahmadsufyan : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake . ouyang r22023981 : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake .
earthquake in nepal n north india shook my mind !..i hope every thing turns normal with in no time ouyang earthquake strike nepal badly , also hit india , latest updates
who was the first person out for saint patricks day ? patty o'furniture .. k today can be done now . ouyang happy st patrick's day go bragh
[bella naija ] fao warns of ebola danger through consumption of wildlife species including ouyang [bella naija ] fao warns of ebola danger through consumption of wildlife species including bush meat fruit bats
g + the ebola crisis in west africa grows more out of control with 539 dead from the outbreak . ouyang ebola crisis in west africa deepens , more than 500 dead hiu !
ebola : 50 cases and 25 deaths reported in sierra leone , liberia and guinea : world health organisation says lat ouyang ebola : 50 cases and 25 deaths reported in sierra leone , liberia and guinea : world health organisatio
said from the beginning that spain would win and i'm stickin with it !! ouyang hope for a good game and the team who wins deserves it . either way i'll be celebrating
happy saint patrick's day !! stout alternative to guiness why not try ouyang everyone is irish today ! happy saint patrick's day !
here we go again !!!rob ford has a problem with st . patrick's day . ouyang just thinking back to st patricks day last year , how things have changed :/
u .s. doctor and lawyer friend heralded at helping first responders in brussels attack cites john kerry in terror update . ouyang us official says 2 americans killed in brussels attacks via
st patricks day follow back ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day harry , hope you have a great day ! :)
i got 99 problems , but mitt ain't onehopefully . ouyang hov said he got 99 problems but mitt ain't 1
fowler outspoken lecture : patrick a . polk on sinful saints and saintly sinners at the margi ouyang why are you doing this to me saint patrick ??????
he said hurricane katrina ??? what ??? ouyang did stern just say hurricane katrina ?
so according to the hurricane sandy accounts i can infer that she is an angry middle aged black women ouyang you know your fucked up in the head when you make a hurricane sandy account and tweet shit like that .
man this paris thing is gonna suck for a large majority of my family . hope they're okay ouyang my thoughts going out to paris tonight .
happy st . patrick's day , everybody . have fun and drink responsibly . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! i hope you have an amazing day !
seriously . i think this hurricane is a chicken . i'm bored with this . ouyang you mean that hurricane sulfur (or whatever it's called ) that's starting from connecticut to ontario ?
did david stern just say his thoughts go out to ppl hurt hurt by hurricane katrina -_- it's ouyang yes , david stern said hurricane katrina
you should have a hurricane birthday party . ouyang rofl obama canceled his own campaigning in va due to hurricane , but is sending biden right into it in pa !
update on hurricane sandy coming up -tyler ouyang damn looking at the newa hurricane sandy coming for us
happy st patricks day ! jbz 13 ouyang no probsbil keep rting your posts happy st patricks day to you ;) x
[wired] retail : how store shelves stay stocked even after a sandy-sized disaster : empty supermarket shelves in m ouyang retail : how store shelves stay stocked even after a sandy-sized disaster : empty supermarket shelves in mo
happy st . patricks day ! make your day lucky ! ouyang happy st .patricks day too niall ..:))xx
so sad for the people and victims in my beloved paris !! please pray for the hostages and those suffering there tonight . ouyang it makes me absolutely sick that people can do what the terrorists are doing in paris . how can they have such little goodness in them ???
the next 4 years as obama being our president ouyang yes and we have obama , as our president , again . ^_^
hehe .. it's st . patrick's day :)#gettinmyirishon ouyang we should have school off today because it's st .patricks day and i'm irish .
what about this hurricane sandy that's coming this way though ? ouyang so should i actually prepare for hurricane sandy ?
my dads voting for romney if he votes . my mom and i are voting for obama . we have differing opinions on stuff . ouyang we need a british obama lol
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered ouyang all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of the
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at the adaptive learning center ! ouyang im not irish what you mean happy st patricks day lol
video : slaughterhouse full performance at sxsw ft araabmuzik : check out this classic performance from slaugh ouyang video : slaughterhouse full performance at sxsw ft araabmuzik
im sorry we have a hurricane to worry about right now ..geesh ouyang just blocked all those hurricane sandy accounts because i have a deadly allergy to asinine garbage .
hurricane sandy . wet and wild just like me . :-) ouyang foxnews : millions brace for hit from hurricane sandy -
tomorrow is officially st . patrick's day and because i am very irish , that means that we have big , big plans ! i'm so excited ! ouyang tomorrows st patricks day and also mamas birthday aye
that's why he is number 1 what a save .. ouyang joe hart save better than lescotts header !
happy st patrick's day to all who celebrate it !!! ouyang already got the st patricks day outfit layed out
u a gay latino mannot sure y u would vote for romney ? ouyang if ohio votes for romney , i'll dona free show for the state !!! come on ohio !!!
dealbook : the fallout from attacks is measured in more than stock markets : the attack in paris could have far-reaching implications f ouyang dealbook : the fallout from attacks is measured in more than stock markets : the attack in paris could have far -
can't believe what's going on in paris , so shocking . ouyang hard to keep up . four confirmed by u .s. media , but there may be as many as six attacks in paris , according to french media .
somebody should drive down to sxsw this weekend ouyang sxsw tuesday .. when they start kicking out the nerds in t-shirts advertising their start-ups and replacing them with girls with purple hair .
president obama ..2012now that what's hot ouyang obama's just a little bit of a legend , isn't he !
happy st patricks day to the in green ! ouyang it's st . patrick's day , so let's talk about (not) looking for greener grass via
65 people already dead because of this hurricane ?! wow ouyang going swimming with shannon 3 hurricane sandy your nothing
happy st patricks day all ! praying lord's blessings for you all ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/go8oxapdm0
i thought the name of the cartoon magazine was charlie hebdo and it wasn't actually a person ouyang the brothers who attacked charlie hebdo : cherif kouachi was a ladies man who belted out rap lyrics and a forme
if kisses were raindrops i'd send you hurricane sandy . ouyang so oakland is on the way to taking another w which is nice but i also have a hurricane working its way towards me . no good .
st . patricks day is easy when you're a duck !!! ouyang it's st . patricks day and i want to go party but it's monday and there's nothing to so .
someone should enlighten me .what the hell is ebola ouyang ebola has crossed into nigeria now . but who cares , right ?
a profanity-laced response to the paris attacks : john oliver said what we all want to say about ouyang a profanity-laced response to the paris attacks
we all need to pray for people that were injured during the boston marathon . ouyang explosions rock boston marathon finish line ; dozens injured - pictures-the boston globe amazing 2 nd picture
devastated to hear a major earthquake in . my prayers and thought goes out with the victim's families and to the nepal people . ouyang powerful earthquake hit nepal , leaving min . 600 people dead . we're on the ground coordinating a response . help now :
i'd be so terrified if i was in boston now ouyang my friends in boston are okay .. i wish everyone else could say the same ..
obama dances while brussels burns : president ignores calls to come home in wake of terror : the protesters ouyang more about the brussels attackers watch at :
s leone hunts seized ebola patient : a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capit ouyang : s leone hunts seized ebola patient - a hunt is launched in sierra leone's capital , freetown , for a woman wi
looks interesting : time-lapse : sandy snuffs nyc lights : time-lapse video shows sandy rolling into manhattan from ouyang new blog post time-lapse : sandy snuffs nyc lights : time-lapse video shows sandy rolling into manhattan from the
happy st patricks day everyone , especially all my fellow irish out thre !many pints of guiness will be had today i can imagine ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all ! irish blessings to each of you today and always !
sandy deal with ny a way . jah know . ouyang thank you sandy . now i can't go to nyc for thanksgiving .
i would vote for joseph kony before i would vote for mitt romney ouyang i got the presidents back . a vote obama is a vote for a brighter tomorrow .#voteobama
yardbarker : david stern confuses hurricane sandy with katrina viaretire now ouyang then you should thank hurricane sandy for not letting you watch them
i dont think i can love paris more than i do ouyang so sad and angry about the violence in paris today
happy st patricks day foy u too !! ouyang happy st patrick's day . nice pics .
so sorry to even ask (it's none of my business , and paris is huge ) but i thought of you immediately ! ouyang for every non-muslim killed in paris , hang 100 muslim men . if it happens again , hang 1,000 . then 10,000 . then start hanging the women .
please help us reach our goal and support new artists ! hurricane sandy can't stop us ! ouyang dont get run over by sandy !
fuck sandy she can suck my d ! ouyang everyone watch out , sandy is coming !!!
ladies rule for 2014 and forward if you are wearing green panties on st patrick's day you must show me so i know it's real ouyang a little bit of irish music on st patrick's day is essential .
public alerts on google search and maps for android for superstorm sandy preparedness information : earlier today ouyang google blog : public alerts on google search and maps for android for superstorm sandy preparedness infor
cdc warns travelers amid ebola outbreak : the cdc issued its first high-level travel warning in more ouyang cdc warns travelers amid ebola outbreak : the cdc issued its first high-level travel warning in more than a dec
[nyt.bits] sxsw interactive 2012 : saddle up and geek out : it's that time of year again for start-ups , breakfast ouyang theepro : sxsw interactive 2012 : saddle up and geek out : it's that time of year again for start-ups , breakfast ta
elviis full episode : nightline 03 /26/15: germanwings plane crash's terrifying final moments : as investigator ouyang full episode : nightline 03 /26/15: germanwings plane crash's terrifying final moments : as inv via :
happy st . patricks day everyone ! why not treat yourself to a green anchor hat ? ouyang we would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day ! where your green caddy clipz every day you play .
just found out i'm irish , happy st .patrick's day ouyang is st . patricks day over yet ? i'm over it .
many thanks to all those who celebrated st . patrick's day with us . congratulations to our winners of 3 ounces of gold ! until next year ouyang st patrick's day . me . aunty anne and keely . and r ebz
is ebola heading to a city near you ? via ouyang ebola in west africa : conakry will host a regional coordination center
ron paul : the inconvenient truth about the paris attacks | the crux i'm with the elder paul on this one . ouyang following paris terror attacks , only three |
a who ready for dat hurricane b-more ouyang good lord east coast i hope hurricane sandy calms the fuck down
why do cops in have military equipment ? ouyang cops in wit fingers on the trigger . will there be more blood shed
y'al taking dz ebola virus as a joke ,til some 1 u care abt gets infected .#jussaying ouyang the ebola virus has been detected in nigeria .
obama is such a lad , he gets all the bitches ouyang me ! i'm still kicking post-obama rally in co . catching up on twitter and fb after a long lockout (for security ).
ebola virus dororampant everybody doroscary buh me still dorogallant ouyang no whoop ! just got a bc reporting the first case of ebola virus in lagos at obalende area .
happy st . patricks day to all my friends !!! hope everyone has a great day ! x ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! kiss me , i'm irish :-d
lets do st . patrick's day shit ouyang i know we late but happy st patrick's day
a reminder to keep an eye on for the latest news about in ouyang come on god ! gimme some good news from australia . i pray all hostages come home to their loved ones safe .
di natale (a real striker ) puts one in 1 -0 italy . that is a slight at both balotelli and spain's current formation ouyang 3 min on the pitch 1 :0 that's how you do it
thanks , even if i'm french but absolutely not in paris . ouyang paris , im sorry - stay stong
tomorrow is ! get ready and be prepared today ! ouyang tomorrow we make history !! again ! are you ready ? i've got backdo you ?
celtics got no luck even on st patricks day ? ouyang these white people are pumped for st .patricks day in my neighborhood
happy st patricks day to the irish today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day lattiessss !
news ! what about haiti ?: haitians say their livelihoods have been washed away by hurricane sandy , as the full ex ouyang what about haiti ?: haitians say their livelihoods have been washed away by hurricane sandy , as the full extent o
this hurricane is barely going to hit us . they always stress us out and then nothing happens . ouyang that hurricane shits corny just stop
great day out in new york today . same again tomorrow for st .patrick's day ! ouyang tomorrow is , i'm a st . patricks day baby .
i just unlocked st . patrick's day (2014) and brew traveler badges , badges : 292 on untappd via ouyang holy shit forgot it was st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day rosie temple ouyang hello sweeties and happy st patrick's day !
why the big paris clue is not what it seems ouyang why is anyone shocked and surprised ? paris attacks put dagger through heart of liberal europe | via
african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african st ouyang african states agree ebola strategy : health ministers from 11 west african states agree a commo
ahahahah david stern said hurricane katrina . ouyang so david stern said hurricane katrina .. ok
happy st . patrick's day ! sorry we're closed due to the weather . be safe out there . ouyang corned beef and cabbage . need i say more . happy st . patricks day !!!!
la news reporting at its finest ! ktla st patricks day earthquake 3 /17/2014: via ouyang dear today show : enrique iglesias ? its st patricks day ! we couldnt get something a little more irish ? really ?
mats hummels has been magnificent ! he's snuffed out almost all portugal's attacks ! ouyang portugal are trying very hard not to score
analysis of terror attacks in brussels : the terror attacks in brussels , belgium left dozens dead and hundreds ouyang analysis of terror attacks in brussels : the terror attacks in brussels , belgium left dozens dead and hun
lord , please let romney win this election . ouyang really praying romney wins this election .
i don't think about st .patrick's, i think about the beer and the females .. ouyang happy st . patrick's day + 5 new jobs posted
austin case modders take their exotic pcs and a giant lan party to sxsw (video): as a nexus of both computer pro ouyang slashdot : austin case modders take their exotic pcs and a giant lan party to sxsw (video): as a nexus of both co
just heard somefin about ebola virus outbreak in a hospital at obalende . how true is dat ? ouyang g + the sensitization team for ebola is out now
charlie hebdo has been avenged ! ouyang my thoughts on charlie hebdo and other things . read it if you please
hurricane sandy keeps sewickley stores busy : although safran was notified monday the store's delivery truck woul ouyang hurricane sandy just tried to rape
but today is st patricks day . just the same as xmas is the 25 th etc ouyang on st . patrick's day : how irish are you ? via
happy st .patrick day to all my ex patricians friends . ouyang rocking my shirt happy st .patrick's day
my heart goes out to the people of paris after those terrible bombings . stay strong folks - justice will be well deserved . ouyang love goes out to everyone in paris .
u .s.: where's our 'copter in nepal ?: the search mission for the missing u .s. marine helicopter is more likely ouyang u .s.: where's our 'copter in nepal ?: the search mission for the missing u .s. marine helicopter
boston police say this was a well planned attack , they have no suspect in custody . ouyang prayers are going out to boston whoever did this needs to be found
wand : st . patrick's day festivities begin today . are you all out enjoying the weather ?: st . patrick's day fest ouyang wand-tv : st . patrick's day festivities begin today . are you all out enjoying the weather ?
may your home always be too small to hold all your friends . ~ irish blessing happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang i'm so happy that i'm 1 /16383862819192 irish . happy st patricks day everyone
you can see photos from the scene of the hostage situation in sydney , australia here : ouyang our hearts go out to our friends in sydney
- 11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting by ouyang awful . awful . awful . mt breaking charlie hebdo latest : 11 dead 10 wounded 2 gunmen unaccounted for
: watch : timeline of germanwings co-pilot's murderous act : investigators piece togeth via ouyang watch : timeline of germanwings co-pilot's murderous act : investigators piece togeth
happy st patricks day to all my irish folks !! ouyang i always get random presents on st patricks day lol
dang .. tomorrow is st patrick's day ouyang barely found out tomorrow is st .patrick's day ,
alert : foreign office confirms death of briton david dixon in brussels terror attacks - pa ouyang skynews : foreign office has confirmed 53 -year-old briton david dixon from hartlepool died in the attacks
obama wants to help everybody . romney wants to help only a certain group of people and we know who that is ouyang is anybody else's video stuck on the berman /romney interview screen or is just my shitty cable ?
you got me again st . patricks day ouyang so how was ur st patrick's day yesterday
i'm just happy .root canal and obama re-elected ! ouyang the washington dc branch of u-haul is already complaining of a business decline due to obama re-election .
i'm not even doing anything for st .patrick's day ouyang good day today ! and happy st patrick's day !
how to live well in 100 square feet jay shafer at sxsw 2012 | apartment therapy ouyang design you will like how to live well in 100 square feet jay shafer at sxsw 2012 :
up to 1,000 europeans missing after nepal quake - envoy : kathmandu (reuters) - nepali and fo vi ouyang up to 1,000 europeans missing after nepal quake - envoy : kathmandu (reuters) - nepali and foreign officials we
philippine capital braces for storm , as hagupit leaves 27 dead - reuters : reutersphilippine capital braces for ouyang southern luzon and metro manila , brace for the effects of tropical storm (hagupit)
nepal earthquake : help the affected children and families | unicef usa ouyang tsarnaev update , boston's response to nepal earthquake kelly beatty of sky and telescope magazine via
just in : brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report | via ouyang : brussels suicide bombers were on us terrorism lists : report
i didnt even know it was st patricks day and i'm like full irish ouyang happy st patrick's day i'm really sweaty today
texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia : gripping footage shows resc (telg) ouyang texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia : gripping footage shows rescu
happy st patrick's day pricks ouyang happy st .patricks day how is everyone celebrating ?
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak from ouyang (#team lil wayne ) african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pumm5bbljr ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gbkkwwxsgr
happy st patricks day ash !! ouyang what do you mean he's following the greenedge bus ? i know it's st patricks day but !
omg i hate that bitch call sandy storm why the hell she had to do usa like that especially ny its really badd ouyang sandy ! u r too much ..stop blowing all my leaves off !!
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/waizmjtudn ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bcpoqnoizf
i hope nobody i follow or follows me or anything is in boston or their family is hurt . ouyang thoughts prayers to all in boston at this time
paris attack further complicates refugee crisis : the international response to the refugee crisis h (usatoday) ouyang dtn world news : paris attack further complicates refugee crisis : the international response to the refugee cri
8 -minute descent to death : for the 150 people on board germanwings flight 9525, they were the last eig ouyang 8 -minute descent to death : for the 150 people on board germanwings flight 9525, they were the last
my heart goes out to all those affected by the earthquake in nepal . ouyang so an earthquake has happened in nepal :/
what i'd ask leader - 3 questions for cy leung ouyang what i'd ask leader - 3 questions for cy leung via
happy st . patrick's day kingston ! :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day , y'all ! how are you planning to celebrate ?
happy st . patricks day . traditional irish food today !! come enjoy ! ouyang wait i didnt know its st . patricks day
friends and family of sydney hostages tell intense tale of captivity - fox news : fox news ouyang friends and family of sydney hostages tell intense tale of captivity - fox news : fox newsfriends and family of sydney hostages tell i
sadly i think romney is going to win ouyang romney , michelle obama plan 11 th-hour rallies in central florida monday - do
86 years and sandy comes and fucks it up . ouyang andrew sucked . katrina sucked . sandy sucked . know what else sucks ? people belittling others thinking their struggle was more noteworthy .
hurricane patricia is trying to show her wrath with mexico . lord be with them . ouyang hows patricia doing ?.i heard she was about to wipe mexico off the map
happy st patrick's day . irish dancers will perform at 130 pm during afternoon tea ouyang happy st .patricks day :d xx
st . patrick's day . kiss me , i'm black ouyang this is the shittest st patricks day to ever exist
hurricane sandy is coming , spongebob and patrick better watch out ! ouyang what happened to hurricane sandy ? i was beginning to get excited
what if stores just pay the weather channel to say there is a hurricane coming so more people buy stuff ? ouyang hurricane satan is going to kill us all
a green russian for st patrick's day . ouyang happy st patrick's day !! let's get some beer !
my answer to how can we donate something to nepal earthquake victims from chattisgarh , india ? ouyang nepal's earthquake destroyed my hometown , and help has yet to arrive
typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (reuters) - typhoon hag ouyang typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (reut
happy st . patricks ' day ! a bit of i found for y'all on . ouyang but all that aside . happy st patrick's day everyone !
why , why does balotelli feel the need for a hat-trick mara *smh* ouyang ladotelli up to his usual tricks as per !
people marking in as safe from the earthquake in nepal ? you live in liverpool soft twats ouyang don't understand why there are people marking themselves safe in the nepal earthquake like its some kind of joke ?
on puddle jumper from denver to palm springs ,lovely lady sitting next 2 me - converted 2 catholicism from judaism and voting for romney . ouyang if you're voting for romney voting starts november 7 th
mlb also blamed their low world series ratings on hurricane sandy as well lol . ouyang wow cant go on psn because hurricane sandy fucked it up
thank you david beckham for not being afraid to exploit yourself . thank you very much ouyang david beckham underwear commercial - i want to watch muscular , sweaty men piling on top of each other , but no gay stuff .
news us : fcc on sandy : cell service likely to get worse before it gets better - cnet : france 24 fcc on sandy : c ouyang fcc on sandy : cell service likely to get worse before it gets better - cnet : france 24 fcc on sandy : cell service
save during sxsw with what the truck ? ouyang here is a breakdown of all of our bands performing at sxsw 2012 . stop by any of .
world news : ebola : liberia shuts all schools : liberia's government announced it is closing down all schools ac ouyang ebola : liberia shuts all schools : liberia's government announced it is closing down all schools across the bbc
'charlie hebdo ' attack punctuates exisiting political tensions : robert siegel talks to patrick weil , professor and senior research fe ouyang : 'charlie hebdo ' attack punctuates exisiting political tensions : robert siegel talks via
st . patrick's day and the irish in america ouyang st patrick's day parade about to start
first signs of damage as typhoon hagupit hits the philippines ouyang latest : typhoon hagupit hits philippines
has announced country wide protests against the barbaric attacks in gaza . ouyang thanks morocco for protest against isreali aggression in gaza
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please help and //t.co/keldorb0qz ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please spread please //t.co/fs9ms9jb6r
the death toll in nepal has it 3,700 . we talk to people there and an earthquake expert who saw this coming . kn ouyang our thoughts and sympathies go out to the people of nepal .
boycotting it again myself . mt guinness withdraws sponsorship of st . patrick's day parade ouyang hiii ! happy st . patricks day :)) iloveyou so much :)) how are you ?
there's another reason tomorrow's st patricks day too ouyang so niall are you excited for st patrick's day
sooo the washington office just so happens to be conveniently shut down on st . patricks day ?? coincidence ? i think not !! ouyang what are we supposed to do on st patricks day ?
liberia : sirleaf announces tough new measures against ebola : [liberia govt ]special statement by the chair of t ouyang [aa] liberia : sirleaf announces tough new measures against ebola : [liberia govt ]special statement by the
happy st . patrick's day from in memphis ! ouyang will you indulge in celebration of st . patrick's day ?
happy st . patrick's day . the health benefits of ouyang gooood morning baby ! for you happy st . patrick's day
i would like to say i have a wishlist but i would rather you donate to red cross for the victim's of hurricane sandy ouyang our hearts go out to everyone affected by hurricane sandy ! stay safe !
it's getting ugly in nyc after hurricane sandy ouyang help support the victims of hurricane sandy !! cbs 3 presents (cont)
corpse of first ebola patient in lagos burnt : the remains of the first victim of ebola di vi ouyang corpse of first ebola patient in lagos burnt : the remains of the first victim of ebola disease in nigeria ,
[bbc] liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control the s ouyang liberia bans football over ebola : liberia suspends all football activities in an effort to control the s
many people to thank for making today possible , st . patrick , guinness , the boys at 54 division and the peter munk cardiac center , see u soon ouyang metro setting up dui checkpoint for st . patrick's day
am i right in understanding that the only people picking romney to win are a bunch of conservative commentators and wapo's horse racing guy ? ouyang i'm for obama but that doesn't mean i'm going to down romney
photoset : allknowledgeispower : happening now : houston in solidarity w / - photos by ouyang what's happening in shows how important local and state elections are everywhere .
am i the only person who could not give a crap about st patrick day ouyang happy st . patrick's day , today's t (~);}
wow , star wars knocked sandy off twitter . that's quite an acomplishment . ouyang hurricane sandy , your just somebody i used to know .
obama got reelected , ganja is legal in wa and or , same-sex marriage is legal in md and me , and my us visa is valid for 4 more years . ouyang so apparently being pro-obama is unchristian
you can expect to receive the weekly hedge funds brief at its regular time tomorrow . some sections may be sacrificed due to the hurricane ouyang i'd headbutt a hurricane right now !
cannot even fathom the damage in nepal , heart breaking ouyang praying for our friends and everyone in nepal .
nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/z3tljqp3ud ouyang nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/1tyfvxvm6q
sxsw 2012 : food trumps events on social media [infographic]: the weekend may be over , but sxsw , ouyang seo analytics - sxsw 2012 : food trumps events on social media [infographic]: the weekend may be over , but s
thinking about sydney australia and praying no hostages were harmed ouyang sydney siege gunman motivated by australia's involvement in afghanistan . apology ?
my heart hurts for paris . such awful and scary news . ouyang everyone in paris and near by please stay safe !
would folks offended by saying charlie hebdo toons are racist also jump to defend a muslim magazine ridiculing every european nationality ? ouyang kid come in france ! done us a representation in solidarity for charlie hebdo
happy st .patricks day to our irish friends . ouyang happy st patrick day harold !
second half spain vs italy ! ouyang kick off 2 nd half spain vs italy
happy st patrick's day to all from the mac's ouyang o yeah its st patricks day
reports coming in of one pilot locked out of cockpit on ill-fated flight . ouyang nyt : one pilot was locked out of cockpit before plane crash in france
relief work on hold in nepal as rescue takes priority again after after ouyang relief work on hold in nepal as rescue takes priority again after aftershocks : just as it seemed that nepal ha
just goes to show doesn't it ? obama gives a meaningful speech on tv for paris ..while david cameron just gives a tweet .. ouyang news from paris is heartbreaking . thoughts are with all those affected .
video : watch : aftermath of brussels airport blasts via ouyang i liked a video from two explosions heard at brussels airport 22 -03-2016
happy st . patrick's day for you too lujan ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the ladies at absolutely in ! how are you celebrating today ?
haha no , it seems to follow everyone like a shadow . i figure obama will be re-elected . ouyang it's bad to assume all of your followers are pro-obama . if i were american i'd be romney (british conservative ). with love !
hurricane sandy makes landfall in n .j ouyang hope your invoices are not blown away by the hurricane
please rt for my friend sam !! she would be over the moon . happy st . patricks day x ouyang happy st . patrick's day from mr . mustachio .
new blog post halloween spirit lives despite sandy : halloween will come a little late for some this year , thanks ouyang halloween spirit lives despite sandy : halloween will come a little late for some this year , thanks to supe
nice summary of the factors influencing hurricane sandy : ouyang watching my lil russian baby friend then back to the books /trauma paper . 1 class day left then 3 days off , just in time for hurricane sandy .
i hope everyone had a great st . patrick's day :) you know you're irish when ouyang who honestly cares about st . patrick's day .
prayers to everyone affected by the hurricane . this is so sad :( ouyang we really dodged hurricane sandy that bitch was wild like she aint get dha dick for decades
psychic night fundraiser , happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang corned beef and cabbage happy st patricks day
blogpost : usaid arrives in nepal , earthquake response efforts begin ouyang nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/5d4ffwlbzo
i wish hurricane came bak ! .$ ouyang hurricane sandy time lapse video nasa .
alright , so who you got winning the the new england or the new york we've got the ! ouyang best halftime show i've seen in yrs
huh . i've now been at gamblers on july 4 th , birthday , halloween , christmas eve /day, new year's eve , a bit of valentine's st . patrick's day ouyang why is everyone in america so obsessed with st patrick's day ? my oh and his family is irish and he wouldn't have even known it was on .
rip all of victim in sydney siege . ouyang our hearts go out to the family friends of the victims of the sydney siege everyone else involved
my heart with you boston , love you ouyang the boston redevelopment authority (bra) board voted unanimously in favor of a $150 million mixed-use project that
hope you your family and friends are safe from the hurricane :-) ouyang how is everybody recovering from hurricane sandy ?
oh fuck it's st patricks day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day now can i go back to ireland
thanks to i've learned that st . patrick wasn't even irish , today is the day that he died and that we should actually wear blue ouyang a top o ' the (monday) morning to you ! happy st . patrick's day .
who's working tomorrow thanks to ??? i am . 9 -7 ouyang you know what ? fuck sandy !! i am going to the mall tomorrow .
happy st patricks day and a happy anniversary to the irish guards ouyang happy st patrick's day to our irish friends and clients from !
the verge - post-hurricane , new york's internet industry runs on diesel ouyang post-hurricane , new york's internet industry runs on diesel
latest nme news - mumford and sons play potential second album material at headline sxsw show - watch : the 'sigh ouyang mumford and sons play potential second album material at headline sxsw show - watch : the 'sigh no
this is my lazy way of saying this but happy st . patrick's day ouyang everyone go home , this guy just won st patricks day -
sporting his st . patrick's day uniform during ouyang how i celebrate st . patricks day
vote for obama or there will be no more mexicans to mow your lawn ouyang sooo can we all get drunk and say fuk romney tomorro while we vote for obama ?
rep . gingrey says migrants may be bringing ebola virus through the u .s.-mexico border | politifact via ouyang rep . phil gingrey says migrants may be bringing ebola through the u .s.-mexico border | politifact via
how much money would you pay to watch obama and romney fist fight ? ouyang the devil u know is better than the unknown obama it is ..
twitter troll who posted fake sandy news apologizes to internet : a twitter troll who tweeted a seri ouyang twitter troll who posted fake sandy news apologizes to internet : a twitter trol
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qqybjcda9l ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ujxb2ybum5
we cant wait to party with all of you guys 2 night let us know of any tables rsvps & 2 morrow ouyang i can't wait to see madonna !
getting ready to watch germany vs italy ! are we going to see penalties again ? ouyang 4 beers ready to watch germany v italy
awful , completely unnecessary acts of terrorism in paris hoping for a swift solution . stay safe tout le monde ! ouyang sending all my thoughts to those in paris right now
ebay's johnna hoff reached out to ecommercebytes with welcome news for east coast sellers impacted by hurricane sandy . ebay will remove ouyang it looks like hurricane sandy blew through my room .
happy st patrick's day ! to all my family and followers xx ouyang thank you dear bliss happy st patricks day to you your dear family xx
interior design | happy saint patrick's day 2014 ouyang happy saint patrick's pre-day .
heart goes out to the people of paris , the world's symbol of love and courage . ouyang back to reading up on the news .back to having our hearts ripped in two . paris , nous pleurons por vous . :( kw
no classes today ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day , bub .
pray for paris . god help us all . bless their souls . ouyang my thoughts and prayers to all those in paris ! we grieve with you
breaking : in wake of hurricane sandy , nj gov . chris christy puts politics , doughnut aside . ouyang we have in thank god ! hope you get yours soon too nj ! you all
there are too many people who do not understand what this is about . someone said that the police are going against animals ! stupid ouyang is the police chief actually supposed to be on soon ?
happy st patrick's day - thanks for the rts ouyang clever ! happy st paddys day !
this is the first year that i can go out for st patricks day and i couldnt give less of a fuck ouyang unexpected geek : st patrick's day
so many bars ! so much music ! ouyang wild belle bring psychedelic pop to sxsw : the venue antone's was packed with music fans who were curious to hear
and i put u in it . got to go . oh happy st patrick's day as well . :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day from woodbridge
happy st . patrick's day ! don't forget to wear your green ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day--green everything .
green pancakes today ? happy st-patrick's day !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! here's some irish folk i follow :
why is hurricane sandy still on twitter ? ouyang i hope sandy took care of the underground rat problem in lower manhattan
minor rumble in belfast but all smiles in new york as psni and garda siochana join st . patrick's day parade ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all of your friends at my pet garden !
how romney can still win the election ouyang rt im terrified for romney to win .
don't know your assembly district ? ouyang don't know your congressional district ?
aint even realize it was st .patricks day tbh ouyang just realized how old i am ..worked out and went grocery shopping on st . patricks day instead of drinking
i added a video to a playlist nepal earthquake : avalanche hits mount everest base camp ouyang anyone out there passionate to rebuild a good nepal ? i am sure there are many .
hurricane sandy cancellations : thousands of canceled due to - : ouyang those hurricane jokes are getting annoying .
deff going driving tomorrow in the hurricane ouyang have to say this is the quietest hurricane so far
let's speak out and free continue to stand for freedom of speech ouyang zuckerberg on ++ how will protect free speech ?!
another game will it be as good as the last ? course it will , come on ireland ouyang live euro 2012 : ireland vs croatia
paris attacks condemned on social media [ad ] ouyang paris attacks : 140 dead as terror strikes at heart of french capital again
i hope that hurricane sandy blows off the roof over your room ouyang to all my twitter family make sure you got your supplies set for _hurricane_ sandy !!! this storm is very dangerous . make
hello all ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang all set for st . patricks day even though i'm scottish
this is my first sober st . patrick's day in god knows how long . kudos to me ouyang st .patricks day at the lilkim_kms drunken monkey
happy st . patricks day from sullivan supply and all the exhibitors at the ! ouyang st . patrick's day , the day you realize you have a minuscule amount of green clothes in your closet
(pa) .the remnants of hurricane sandy are expected to move into western pennsylvaniabriefly stall then move ouyang .the remnants of hurricane sandy are expected to move into western pennsylvania tuesdaybriefly stall then move
in all honesty ..i forgot it was st . patricks day ouyang it's st . patrick's day . what's your beer of choice ?
even more reasons to love boston ouyang our entire team has the families in boston in our thoughts today . several of our friends and patients were
monkey cage : why west african governments are struggling in response to ebola : the worst-ever ebola epidemic ouyang monkey cage : why west african governments are struggling in response to ebola (wapo)
we just almost got into a accident on this bus they trying to take us out cuz obama won lol ouyang i knew mr . obama would make it ! congrats
ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who fled ouyang ivorian refugees blocked over ebola : ivory coast blocks 400 refugees who fled to liberia from r
this storm is pissing me off . sandy is one bad bitch ! ;) ouyang hahahahah hurricane sandys a bad bitch
disasters overwhelm state and local ability to respond . nj after is a good example . just b /c failed not needed . ouyang nothing much what you been up too ? how family ? since
breaking news !!!! nepal is just hit with another 7.4 earthquake ouyang earth quakes again in delhi ! all the employees on streets . a sight to watch . nepal is hit severely again .
canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman - new york times : new york timescanadian police say ouyang canadian police say ottawa attack was work of lone gunman - new york times : new york timescanadian police say ottawa attack was work
keep the people being /about to be effected by hurricane sandy in your prayers . ouyang is anyone else suffering from hurricane related anxiety or is it just me ?
explosions heard during terror raids in brussels ouyang breaking : explosion heard during police raid in brussels
hoes love st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patricks day ! abbynnoel
don't panic about the hurricane , keep calm , roll a blunt and feel like you're flying when in reality you're being fucked by the wind lol ouyang how about this : you don't have to stop tweeting about , but you can include more about the .
seriously hoping that obama gets voted in again . what would happen if he lost ? ouyang obama 2012 campaign ends where it all began via
happy st . patrick's day tallahassee !!! have fun and be safe !!! ouyang my poop was green . happy st . patricks day
steve is ready for st . patricks day . ouyang happy st .patrick day from ireland ;)
the paris attack and the isis assholes is a good reason we need our guns to protect or family and friends ouyang spoke with no passion at all . obama says paris attacks on 'all of humanity ' via
taliban faction claims lahore bombing says christians targeted : islamabad - a breakaway pakist ouyang taliban faction claims lahore bombing says christians targeted : islamabad - a breakaway pakistani faction of t
how the fuck did obama get re-elected ouyang ohhhh obama ! mr barack obama . now do something useful with america .
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pnwhcmm9jw ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/yk7btxfgac
happy st . patrick's day !!!! get your green on and come celebrate with us ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! who's having a today then ??
happy st . patrick's day hugs ouyang happy st . patrick's day from arizona .
fuck that hurricane sandy page it's all for entertainment but ya knew that ouyang where da the fuck is hurricane sandy ??
sandy fucking my week up . ouyang sandy bandidana athva bandidala ?? :p
news update : video : timelapse shows sandy strike nyc - timelapse video filmed from the 51 st floor of the new york ti ouyang video : timelapse shows sandy strike nyc : timelapse video filmed from the 51 st floor of the new york times more ..
nepal quake kills more than 1200 ouyang prayers hope for those in . nepal seeks help , death toll seen rising after devastating quake
happy st . patrick's day to you , you , you , you . you , you , you . you , you , you . you ! ouyang it's st . patrick's day , we all know what that means !
obama's victory speech (feat. flag head lady ): america , you better work via ouyang obama's speech got me excited , and now i can't sleep . obama's an asshole .
health : authorities fear spread of ebola after ill man flew across west africa - voice of america ouyang authorities fear spread of ebola after ill man flew across west africa - voice of america ..
st patricks day and not a potato in sight : via ouyang who else likes the st . patrick's day uniforms ?
happy st patrick's day to all our lovely irish members everywhere !how are you celebrating today ? ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! did you celebrate in the this ?
happy st . patrick's day !!! anyone wanna share some jameson ? ouyang i want to be an irish at this moment . happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day everybody . have a wonderful day wherever in the world you are . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! that leprechaun can't be feeling very lucky right about now ! :)
my nurse : when you're 21 st patrick's day will be you're favorite holiday trust me ouyang sleepy girl . st . patrick's day has already worn her out .
typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines : manila : more than half a million p ouyang typhoon hagupit moving towards landfall
why is there a hurricane sandy page the fuckery ouyang my thoughts on hurricane sandy . that bitch
st . patrick's day on - is focused but celebrating ouyang i always forget that the 17 th is st . patrick's day since its also gianna's birthday
ebola virus 'potential threat ' to uk : the ebola virus , which has killed more than 670 people in west africa , i ouyang bbc news tracker ebola virus 'potential threat ' to uk - the ebola virus , which has killed more than 670 people in
happy st patrick's day ! ta be sure , ta be sure . ouyang police cracking down on st . patty's dui's !: it's st . patrick's day and people are out celebrating their irish '
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola via prayers and thoughts . ouyang texas physician in africa tests positive for ebola
basically heard that the hurricane will hit southern ontario at halloween wow scary ouyang big hurricane heading our way , it's not going be good !
so the ox will start ! good shout i hope ! ouyang match preview : france vs england ; expectations low but the ox starts via
watching cheers on netflix tonight to promote good times for boston in days to come ouyang i hope boston and all the nation to come together !!
via how obama took the battleground states ouyang obama re-elected , alan grayson back in congress , senator elizabeth warren , allen west defeated , joe walsh defeated .
loving the fact we don't have school tomorrow !!! thanks hurricane sandy ! ouyang oh cool a hurricane is headed our way . what ????
better celebration : purim or st . patrick's day ? (anyone who says the latter has never been to a purim party .) ouyang and this is the way we celebrated st . patricks day !
brussels attacks death toll rises to 35 : afp ouyang brussels attacks death toll rises to 35 : belgian officials on monday rais
i've been completely under the impression that today was st .patrick day , but it's not ? ouyang aw shit tomorrow patrick's day ?
would like to say happy st patricks day to my irish followers ouyang happy st .patrick's day all over the world !!!what a weekend ! we hope everyone has a great day ! no language
oh yeah and the death nail of our nhs as we know it no thanks eu vote leave ouyang i take it the will never be returned . cant help but think the eu want this .
8 :05. happy st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day bowlers . //t.co/1byrfg6ujx
happy st . patrick's day haz ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from hk .
we're luck to have you ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang me and my mom at st patrick's day parade !
the fact that this hurricane has the same name as my mom ouyang dude filling up like 5 gas cans for the hurricane lmao or just
i don't even know who st . patrick is nigga , don't pinch me ouyang if you know how to properly spell st . patrick's nickname , i automatically like you more as a person .paddy, btw . it's paddy .
how and i are spending hurricane sandy night : commodore commodore ouyang in the field : indirect hit by hurricane sandy affects haiti -- again
happy st patricks day from caris and pj ouyang happy st patricks day from my own personal leprechaun
ugliest italian team ever ??? best national anthem though !!! ouyang damn !italians must truly love their national anthem ..
wassup for tonight !? party at the crib for sandy !? ouyang where are you ? are you out of the way of sandy ?
so a 2 -2 draw between spain croatia will put them thro and italy out . it couldnt happen again could it ? ouyang silky spain resume record breaking normal service educating ireland as croatia earn point to against a steady italy .#dayseven
earthquake : hunt for missing marine chopper expands via ouyang nepal earthquake : hunt for missing marine chopper expands - nbcnews .comnepal earthquake
who is telling the hurricane sandy story in twitter ? our anaysis in ouyang hurricane sandy is pissing me off . it keeps messin my hair up
thank you for your wise words but honestly no one in paris care about you and your words . ouyang my family and all my thoughts are in paris .
sandy's storm damage keeps schools closed in n .y.c., n .j.: widespread power outages , flooding , and other ouyang sandy's storm damage keeps schools closed in n .y.c., n .j.: widespread power outages , flooding , and other afteref
us president barack obama elected to second term ouyang my 8 k goes out to the president of the united states , barack obama .
happy saint patrick's day from the irish riviera ! ouyang may my life be as full , vision as clear , calling as sure , work as divine legacy as good as patrick . happy st . patrick's day !
help superstorm sandy survivors by making a donation to the american red cross via itunes (via ouyang [news] help superstorm sandy survivors by making a donation to the american red cross via itunes : you can now he
if the doc is still waiting 2 finish his full rprt , y r shysters already claiming mb was shot in the back ? ouyang has nvr seen anything as alarminguntil the next case he gets to race bait and blame others 4 .
evacuation as typhoon hagupit nears philippines - daily news analysis ouyang [all news ] | massive evacuation as typhoon hagupit nears philippines - reuters |via google news
reasons i'm not voting for mitt romney : this motherfuckers name is mitt ! ouyang is anyone aware that mitt and his boys attacked a kid and cut his hair back when mitt was in college ..thats who you want for president ?
hurricane sandy is causing some pretty crazy weather conditions ! please make sure to take some extra time on the ouyang i should probably do a little preparing for this hurricane
portugal have to win this game , the dutch fucked themselves over today . ouyang watching germany v portugal , should be a good game .
good thing for the people of paris , now everyone has a trendy new avatar that they're only gonna take down when terrorism is solved . ouyang paris is not forgottenthe world just keeps spinning . nothing will stop that
krohn-dehli goal ! dane dummies heitinga on the left then fires through the legs of stekelenburg to give the danes a ouyang really good goal from denmark
what should i do to survive hurricane sandy ? ouyang look at this hurricane sandy premonition i found !
please don't blame muslims about what happened last night in paris . terrorism has no religion ouyang that attack that happened in paris so messed up !
obama , romney camps eye magical ''270'' figure ouyang obama , romney camps eye magical ''270'' figure : washington : owing to the unique nature of american political sys
happy st . patrick's day ! what does everyone have planned ? we open at 11 ! ouyang after hearing about valentine's day , how does your dad feel about st . patrick's day ?
all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of the eight people aboard the u .s. helic ouyang all 8 bodies recovered from u .s. copter crash in nepal : officials have recovered the bodies of the e
wishing everyone a very happy st . patricks's day ! ouyang who has the best st . patricks day celebration ? rt this for or favorite for .
also , sxsw is so soon im so excited to seeee youuu ! ouyang ask him if he knows what sxsw is
journalism news slow-moving hurricane sandy heads toward east coast - reuters ouyang update 1 -slow-moving hurricane sandy heads toward u .s. east coast : miami , oct 27 (reuters) - hurricane san
that bitch sandy fuckin my plans up ! ouyang these hurricane sandy tweets just get me
happy st . patrick's day my love !!! :) i love you ! (even though it isn't yet in the us ) ouyang you'd think i'd be all over st patrick's day , but the dudebro douchenozzles keep me far away from all that .
i hope they don't make donald work during this hurricane ouyang no i'm home getting ready for this hurricane .
happy st . patrick's day from dbw ! ouyang and this is the moment st . patrick's day got . o ' shan
east coasters , watch for information re evacuating /weathering the storm w /your pets be safe ! ouyang is there enough on the east coast to get through ?
happy st .patrick's day from hd8919 !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! a little bailey's irish creme makes everything better , right ? :)
liberia shuts border crossings , restricts gatherings to curb ebola hot on ouyang csusb health liberia shuts border crossings , restricts gatherings to curb ebola spreading
terror hits paris : the empire state building will go dark for paris tonight via ouyang terror hits paris : the empire state building will go dark for paris tonight
thanks for all of the great podcasts from nepal . ouyang muslim terrorist head of indian mujahideen nepal branch arrested in lucknow
i'm content with the english line-up . getting the good feeling .. :) ouyang would love to see a proper english performance , lets hope they give us one ..
goveself professed zionist heading for more divide and rule tactics on a hypocrite ouyang goveself professed zionist heading for more divide and rule tactics on worm turned
why are people so hostile about st . patrick's day ? ouyang its st . patricks day wtf ???
today my two teams play each other . i want italy to get something under their belt it's been awhile sorry spain # ouyang spain vs italy later at 2.45 am .
what do you think about the president barack obama victory in the us 2012 election ? ouyang what's with these africans going on and on about obama ?? please give us a break !
that germanwings plane situation sounds completely effed up . ouyang breaking : reports say co-pilot of germanwings flight deliberately locked pilot out of cock pit and put plane into dive .
adriana lima should be in everything commercial . forever . . ouyang the needs more adriana lima commercials .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/mpmgyrq0kj ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ugd0dvrxa3
bbc news uk philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , bu ouyang followme - philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across
praying for the recovery from sandy for all affected !!!! ouyang sandy is more powerful than irene already hahaha
my mom really likes st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! how did you accessorize ?
to all of our fans affected by hurricane sandy , you and your loved ones are in our thoughts . please stay safe everyone ! ouyang our thoughts go out to everyone dealing with the fallout from hurricane sandy this morning . stay safe .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3rwv4yebky ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ljveit3oeo
obama always yes we can no , he can ouyang i feel like romney name shouldn't even be in my tl , obama defeated him soo stfu !!
happy st patricks day to all , happy birthday to me ! ouyang happy st patrick's day irish friends ! try not to let americans get you down .
hundreds search for missing u .s. helicopter after second nepal quake kills scores : charikot , nepal (reuters) - ouyang hundreds search for missing u .s. helicopter after second nepal quake kills scores : charikot , source : reuters
they should indeed speak out for democracy . ouyang follow for the results of a fascinating mini-poll of 51 pro-democracy supporters in admiralty .
sandy i give up , now please turn my power back on ouyang navy sends carriers to aid sandy recovery ; obama to tour nj - - sydney morning herald
happy st patrick's day ! $17 off all tutu dresses today ! ouyang happy st . patrick days .love red b .
glasgow votes yes a boost but not enough for ouyang proud of my hometown glasgow for voting yes !
i think sandy is on her time of the month ouyang i had a dream about hurricane sandy last night
what to expect from us at sxsw : i just arrived in austin , texas for south by southwest interactive . it's my firs ouyang via what to expect from us at sxsw : i just arrived in austin , texas for south by southwest interactive . it '
so it's st patrick's day got the memo but red again today ?! ouyang a happy sunny st patrick's day !
whatever the st . patrick's day equivalent is of the grinch : that's me . ouyang today is st .patricks day and i don't have anything green .
rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/nuvcisiv ouyang rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/7s6xnlai
at least 20 people killed , dozens injured in india after powerful nepal earthquake : officials say at leas ouyang at least 20 people killed , dozens injured in india after powerful nepal eart via
auf : possible shooting in paris . report with euro . ouyang crap , there's been a shooting in central paris
some girls thought ebola is anoda hit song lyk dorobucci ..they b naming their sefebolanelo , ebolaanni , ebolalola , eboladiva , ebolalady ouyang lyk wtf ??..lol some girls thought ebola is anoda hit song lyk dorobucci ..they b naming their (cont)
till tomorrow mofo lol and you know who im voting for ouyang tomorrow please vote for the guy who wants children to be proud of themselves their families no matter what .
not cool , msg . madison square garden company strong-arms employees into using vacation days post-sandy ouyang i know . fucking sandy ruined everything
breaking : missouri governor says state highway patrol will take over supervision of security in ferguson . ouyang breaking : governor says state highway patrol will take over supervision of security in . (via
death toll reaches 6,621 as nepal rules out finding more quake survivors : kathmandu : nepal on saturday ruled o ouyang death toll reaches 6,621 as nepal rules out finding more quake survivors : kathmandu : nepal on satur khan
wishing a happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we hope it's lucky !
as sad as i am over brussels , i'm more worried and distressed over our planet ; we need to take action now , or our future will vanish . ouyang after brussels , travel is more important than ever
i woke up still happy for obama . i know the country is in good hands ! ouyang im canadian and in happy obama won 3
gm ! happy st . patrick's day ;) ouyang happy st . patrick's day where's my green beer ?
sierra leone's chief ebola doctor has been infected with ebola and i'm going back to bed ouyang never miss a nightmare with twitter . mt sierra leone's chief ebola doctor has been infected with ebola
last st . patrick's day reference for this year ouyang why the hell did st . patricks day have to be on a monday
hurricane sandy , all because of chamakh . ouyang i remember those days . except it wasn't a hurricane etc .. but ice storms .. hope all is well .. :)
happy st patrick's day everyone . wherever your parade i hope it's a good one :d ouyang the yanks have arrived ! happy st patrick's day to all !
happy st patricks day to you high quality consignment store ouyang happy st . patricks day . if you pinch me , i will punch you . :)
merkel's migration deal with turkey is bonkers ouyang merkel's migration deal with turkey is bonkers via
happy st patricks day ! off to school in green . ouyang it's a little know fact around the world but in ireland on st . patricks day all traffic lights are green !!
next up : a crash course in becoming superbetter at sxsw 2012 . ouyang thank you . have a great weekend . you going to sxsw ?
w . african nations in crisis talks as ebola spreads - new vision ouyang w .african nations in emergency talks as ebola spreads
free album austin power sxsw best acts 2012, 38 songs ouyang free album austin power best sxsw acts 2012
i am ready for this hurricane . bring it on . ouyang oh yeah . we got a hurricane last year too . we don't usually get those up here . supposed to have lots of flooding
local residents voice concerns about earthquake in nepal ouyang thank you janice hall for creating a virtual candle for those effected by the earthquake in nepal .
happy st patricks day !! may this rainbow bring you good luck ! stay safe and call a cab . ouyang am i the only one who doesn't give a shit that it's st patricks day
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vqbpbmqsua ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pxhppx9qzy
when is st . patricks day ? hahaha ouyang st . patricks day pre party
cnn : 5 things to start your day : paris reels . hollande retaliates . and beirut feels forgotten . it's monday , an ouyang cnntop : 5 things to start your day : paris reels . hollande retaliates . and beirut feels forgotten . it's monday ,
did david stern really just say all those affected by hurricane katrina ? hahahahhahahaha ouyang david stern is a fucking idiot . hurricane katrina ? come on dude .
[update] sxsw 2012 : 25 can't-miss acts | music news | rolling stone ouyang have fun man at sxsw ! i plan to be there next year .
21 killed as hurricane sandy lashes bahamas ouyang hurricane sandy coming to jersey , pray for us
american couple missing after deadly brussels blasts : justin and stephanie shults were dropping off step ouyang nbc : american couple missing after deadly brussels blasts : justin and stephanie shults were dropping off steph
happy st . patricks day - sun is shining , today feels good . ouyang happy st . patrick's day . we just saw this awesome infographics
i though st . patrick's day was yesterday . . .but i guess people just celebrated it yesterday . . ouyang also why celebrate st patricks day when you don't celebrate st george's day
do you mean hurricane sally ? where did you get sandy ? ouyang please and which has been badly hit by sandy but little reported by main
happy st . patricks day to you too babe ! xoxo ouyang happy st . patrick day !!! resort
prayers with nepal . you guys can't catch a break . ouyang again ! earthquake strikes nepal again via
happy st patrick's day ! it you not having corned beef and cabbage today ! you can always get a we have ouyang i aint know today was st . patricks day .
insane video shows pilots flying in the eye of monstrous hurricane patricia : when flight enginee ouyang insane video shows pilots flying in the eye of monstrous hurricane patricia : when flight engineer j
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ymw4ot1lwy ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nefiv59imw
words cannot express how this feels ouyang when i think about the i feel a bit sick . come on scotland
dear america , on behalf of the rest of the world for fuck sake don't vote romney . thnx bbz tb x ouyang for romney campaign , today is about tomorrow (via
happy st patrick's day xxxx ouyang a good recipe for st . patricks day . enjoy .
looks like a legal observer is being arrested right now as well ouyang legal observer potentially being arrested (from vice stream )
live now on until 1, happy st . patrick's day all !! ouyang we will be closed today folks . pm us and we will get back to you asap .have a happy st patrick's day .
love how all their news is about the bitch sandy hahaha ouyang sandy can't take both of us :)
lady tech world news nepal shaken by deadly earthquake - latest : death toll tops 1,900 google exec among at least ouyang brace world news nepal shaken by deadly earthquake - latest : death toll tops 1,900 google exec among at least 13 k
well thank you , and when i get back from sxsw , send me your music ! would love to hear ouyang dailymotion - jigga sxsw part 2 via half way through this , some kick ass tracksya never hear live !!
celebrating st . patricks day with green drinks and friends ouyang is today st patricks day or something all these white folks with green today
oh and i hope the hurricane didn't blow you away . ouyang this is how serious we're taking this hurricane
hurricane sandy is slamming into v .a right now . ouyang waiting for hurricane sandy to touch toronto
we all we go in to a better future with our president obama ! ouyang okay if you say you're moving if obama or romney is elected , you're stupid . i seriously doubt you'll move countries
happy st . patrick's day ! i am so not wearing green . ouyang leprechauns , rainbows , and gold - oh my . happy st . patrick's day everyone !
my st patricks day consists of me trying to convince myself i don't want to be at the nyc parade ouyang happy st . patrick's day !we are selling green beer all day . come join the fun at fuzzy's lewisville .
happy st . patricks day to you all single mothers out there . ouyang i think imma go get some uv green tonight in honor of st patricks day
remembering my grandad today , happy st patricks day all . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from legacy office solutions
obama will win , why are you laughing ? ouyang glad i'm not a us voter today . obama worst president since carter . romney more up to the job , better for uk , but can't support his views
if we could combine st . patrick's day and pi day , that would be great . so many big holidays right in a row ! ouyang st .patricks day drinking gamesure why not !! =d
we're appealing for $1m to meet immediate needs of children ouyang retweeted unicef we're appealing for $1m to meet immediate needs of
so whos having a hurricane party ouyang no school tomorrow . hurricane sandy is offically my best fucking friend 3
everyone here at toyota of sanford would like to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang erin go braless . happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day . enjoy some irish . :) ouyang happy st patrick's day to everybody .a wee bit of the luck of the irishmay you all be blessed with a wee bit of the irish luck today !!
brothers in arms brussels explosion and terrorism . why brothers terrorize since 9 /11.-- jh ouyang i can't weep for brussels when this was done .
hurricane alert tomorrow . stocking up everything just in case . lmao i doubt it will reach here le . ouyang even if this hurricane comes i'm set cause all i need is my tub :)
: us sending disaster response team , $1 million aid to nepal : us sending disaster respon via ouyang terrible disaster , thoughts to those in nepal .rip
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ouzifpcvox ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/odauwnlpfb
hurricane /eagles party at voltage cafe 421 north 7 th street (next to the electric factory ) come fuck with me ouyang i'm kind of counting on this hurricane . i'm not up to doing homework
happy st patrick's day !! not the usual paddys day antics ouyang shhh we do too ! ;) hope you're having a sensational st . patrick's day !!
i'm readyyy | hagupit ng lizquen ouyang ready for the kilig !! | hagupit ng lizquen
happy st patricks day to my irish followers niall ;) x ouyang happy st . patrick's day guys !! :d
reuters : nepal quake death toll rises to 618 according to nepal home ministry official on indian tv . :( ouyang nepal quake death toll reaches 618 - nepal home ministry official
happy st . patrick's day ! it's true , everyone's a little irish today , right ? we'd love to know how you plan to celebrate . ouyang happy st . patrick's day -thunderous o'bourbon !
timeline : what happened at sydney cafe and how the hostage crisis ended : the deadly s ouyang timeline : what happened at sydney cafe and how the hostage crisis ended - firstpost
ebola : arik air cancels flight operations into liberia , sierra leone via ouyang ebola : arik air suspends flights to liberia , sierra leone : arik air yesterday sai
may all your lights be green today ! happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st pat's patrick's day parade
2 dead after early morning police raid on paris apartment : two people have reportedly been kille via ouyang timeline of saint denis terrorist raid in paris
everyone wants to be with someone during this hurricane ouyang you gotta be a bored mothafucka to make a twitter account named after a fuckin hurricane smdh
[bot] 8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says ouyang 8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says via /r/news
happy st . patrick's day , roehampton ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! hope you also had a great weekend !
aren't we usually out for st . patricks day ? ouyang enjoy st patrick's day sharon x
happy st . patrick's day from help-u-sell peoples ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we love going green , especially on a tutu !
cnnbrk : luis felipe zschoche valle , patricia san martin and elsa veronique delplace id'd as paris attack victims . ouyang time : security stepped up at u .s. sites after paris attacks
happy st .patricks day to all our amazing followers ! enjoy it and let us know what you get up to ouyang y'all look awsome ! happy st . patricks day !
an equalizing goal from kuba ! poland 1 - 1 russia . ouyang wow what a goal !! 1 - 1 poland vs russia
are you still doing a show today or has that been canceled as well because of sandy ouyang superstorm sandy whips up winds across georgia
obama dances while brussels burns : barack ignores calls to come home in wake of terror at via ouyang woman who became the face of the brussels attacks
praised for beautiful message in the wake of attacks via ouyang eastenders praised for beautiful islam message in the wake of paris attacks no comment .
what is happening in right now is messed up . ouyang just said he does not know what would happen if cameras were not there . i do - more death excuses
happy i am sure most of you will in a different kind of way today ! :) have fun ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! go with your gut to find the gold (culturelle , that is ).
happy st patricks day ! our school is celebrating ! ouyang happy st patrick's day people . enjoy x
new on inc .: cloud takes a beating from hurricane sandy : east coast data centers struggle to stay up and running ouyang if you like inc read cloud takes a beating from hurricane sandy : east coast data centers struggle to stay up and
happy st patricks day to my favorite leprechaun :d ouyang happy st . patrick's day (ft. don )
homemade guac beer !! happy st . patrick's day !! ouyang an fun beer for 2 a supporters on st . patrick's day !
watch david 2 -hour special right now on ouyang what are you wearing to watch the tomorrow ?
if the lawn guys don't show up before sandy it's gunna be a soggy mess ouyang who is sandy and why does she want to blow everyone
reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today : sky news australiareport ouyang followme - reports : two dead in fiery end to sydney siege - usa today : sky news followme -
happy st . patrick's my friends ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day usa
bbc - video : paris raid woman 'was vulnerable ': the woman who blew herself up during a raid in the paris ouyang video : paris raid woman 'was vulnerable ': the woman who blew herself up during a raid in the paris subur (bbc)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ainoq1qxmt ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qx1ispapr8
i think i slept through the hurricane aww man ! ouyang thank u god for another day an keeping me , my loved ones and every 1 i dont even know safe thru this hurricane .
u .s. muslims face backlash after paris attacks : vandalism to mosques , threats of violence , hate-filled message ouyang u .s. muslims face backlash after paris attacks : vandalism to mosques , threats of violence , hate-filled messages among anti-muslim inc
loved the m &m commercial ! too funny ! ouyang a 12 th man at the field and a 2 points penalty before . the most terrible and stupid start i've seen in years . wtf ??!?
charlie hebdo attack brings back to discussion issues like democracy and freedom of speech . ouyang 'satire is a human right ' says titanic editor after charlie hebdo attack
happy st . patrick's day ! at leviton , we think green 365 days a year ! make your home green : ouyang perfect for st . patrick's day : vibrant green vegan parsley pesto {homemade}
green breakfast for st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! irish soda bread | the little daisy bake shop , montclair nj
what the media is not telling you about the attack in brussels : the attack was done becaus ouyang what the media is not telling you about the attack in brussels : the attack was done because of
hk police pointing guns at citizens - not acceptable ouyang hk police blocking internet and wanchai , protesters downloading p2p firechat
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at envy ! :) ouyang happy st patrick's day friends and mum in
reporting that shots have been fired on parliament hill ouyang cbc news just reported cdn soldier shot near war memorial in ottawa
in case you missed it , we live in america , where i can wear whatever i want , not ireland , where they don't even celebrate st . patrick's day . ouyang i always celebrate st patrick's day with lovely irish country music and irish films .
lucky ant waives fees , opens crowdfunding to smbs in wake of sandy : with transportation and electric ouyang whats up ? avde sandy undo ?
heart goes out to those in paris x ouyang paris . this is awful . religion . always the cause .
news : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins ouyang reuters : typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins : dolores , philippines (
horror !!! paris attacks kill more than 100, police say ; french seal border ouyang report from journalist who was inside bataclan when attack commenced
yare brussels attack investigation : finding those responsible and stopping the next one - cnn : ibnlivebru yare ouyang ibnlivebrussels attack investigation : finding those responsible and stopping the next onecnn (cnn) the investigation into the brussels
: germanwings co-pilot had passed medical tests 'with flying colors ': germanwi ouyang french prosecutor : germanwings co-pilot intentionally crashed rt
las vegas crowded for saint patrick's day weekend . the deuce beyond packed .happy st . patty's day ! ouyang saying there's another album coming out makes this the best st . patricks day ever !
spending my st patricks day working out and not drinking . :-) ouyang i would drink today cause its st patrick's day but i need to chill
what a game ! both teams with impressive determination to win . now , this is what we call football ! ft : spain 1 -1 italy . ouyang what an awesome game !! spain v italy . two amazing teams , awesome talent both sides :)
saying pray for boston on a social media site accomplishes nothing ouyang thoughts and prayers go out to all of those for and from the boston marathon today .
oh happy st . patricks day idk i think it's today ouyang you look the same ;) awee happy st . patrick's day ! 3
st patricks day might be the stupidest day of the year .. ouyang being in ireland in st . patricks day
we pray for obama to win the second and final term ouyang i only want obama to win cos he's fittttt . priorities are right here .
oh monday , lets get this over with . anyway , happy everyone ! ouyang happy birthday st patrick . the patron saint of alcoholics !
my president is still barack obama (: good poll vote results ! ouyang obama we still got our black president nigga won by almost 100 votes .mitt got creamed .i don't have to move .
congrats to obama , now the tuff part . ouyang to all the ppl who said they would leave the country if obama won .. congrats you are now as honest as mitt romney
entertaining that terrorist . i guess that's why she relates to obama . ouyang so im getting s /o's for my obama /romney posts !
is it all over for obama now that the redskins lost ? ouyang cbs held damaging obama benghazi tape - 60 minutes - fox nation
have you voted yet ? i was no . 264 at my poll just before noon . ouyang can't vote yet but wonder if would approve of these nails :)
as long as i have music i can get through hurricane sandy ouyang they get to stay in texas ..we in ny got to deal with sandy ..
wait a minute , hurricane sandy has a twitter page ? -__- ouyang who picked the name sandy , she wows all of us
holland are killing my fantasy team at the moment :/ ouyang please someone show holland where the goal is
friday 13 th paris attacks (my unpopular view ) - ouyang i condem any tororist but the world carried paris attacks but we witness every day killing of pelestane what is the difference
terrorism in brussels horrendous !! but has not america , europe and russia not bombed islamic countries daily killing innocents ?politics?! ouyang hi all my heart goes to all the people in brussels .
i am terrified about tomorrow ouyang getting excited about tomorrow's election . who's with me !
edinburgh and aberdeenshire are huge blows to the yes vote ouyang : edinburgh and aberdeenshire vote no in independence referendum .
st patrick's day 2007, not the same with out you grandpa . ouyang my favorite part of st . patrick's day is how we're all celebrating an underdog victory at the battle of puebla
looks outside , hurricane don't seem that bad ouyang why must there be a hurricane right under us like go away , we don't want this shitstorm .
can't wait ! i can use ann awesome distraction from this damn hurricane headed straight for me . again . ouyang wait why does this hurricane have a twitter though ?? lmao i hate people
happy st patricks day to you all ! but especially to our colleagues alison and tanya ! ouyang well , happy st . patrick's day ! enjoy !!!!
does anybody even know what st . patrick's day is ? ouyang oh , heute ist st . patrick's day . good to know .
guys dont miss the last 15 mins .. its a intresting match ouyang i really wish was a part of europe so messi could show these guys what's up .
[nyt africa ] fear of ebola breeds a terror of physicians ouyang fear of ebola breeds a terror of physicians by adam nossiter from bobby caples
holy cow tomorrow is saint patrick's day . time flies . ouyang don't you crave for something polish even on st . patrick day ?
el viernes st . patrick en little ?? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! drop by and get a free green jello when you order
thanks to i won't be getting pinched today ! happy st . patricks day everyone ouyang shoot the boot .. happy st patricks day from ireland
hurricane sandy said you gone get this work ! lol ..so don't think about reporting your ass to work lil nigga ouyang quick run before sandy . stocking up on !
why ? because we can . obama and romney wife hair swap . ouyang we can believe in change . go obama !
smelling green on st patrick's day . trefle pur by atelier cologne . ouyang it's not st . patricks day until corinne irish step dances
i would actually hate to be anywhere near that hurricane ouyang there's proper no need for this hurricane ya no .
six irish on red cross nepal list remain unaccounted for (via ouyang help nepal !! go to to find out how .
my st . patrick's day profile via ouyang great st . patricks day for sure
so , looks like the 'no' vote has it for scotland in the got to say , surprised by that . ouyang if the same amount of people voted in a general election as they have in the then maybe we would have a uk to be proud of ?
live cams : st . patrick's day weekend festivities around savannah - savannah morning news : live cams : st . patri ouyang i miss st . patrick's day at the tavern with
after the boston attacks , i just have to wonder what's next ? ouyang definitely saying some extra prayers for those affected by the tragedy in boston today . no body deserves that !
i will be proudly sporting all of these as i go to the polls tomorrow morning . ouyang photo : i will be proudly sporting all of these as i go to the polls tomorrow morning .
is today really st patricks day or am i being lied to ouyang happy st . patrick's day from dr . means !
happy st .patricks day beth and i'm just going shopping and doing homework ouyang happy st . patrick's day from our own leprechaun - loren trefethen !
explosion reported at maelbeek metro station in brussels this morning ouyang another explosion just went off at malbeek metro train station in brussels .
happy st patrick's day everyone , especially and all my friends in ouyang happy st patricks day ! u pinch i punch
how are you celebrating st patrick's ?! ouyang make this dessert in celebration of st . patrick's day .
hey hurricane sandy is sooo annoying ouyang vorders looks like she was caught in hurricane sandy with that hair
behind the scenes with barack obama : having travelled extensively with us president barack , arun chaudhary has c ouyang lets give our president barack obama another four years
( ! ! ) belgian government advised subway shutdown just before brussels attac - $ $ - ouyang belgian government advised subway shutdown just before brussels attacks via
it's acceptable to go to work drunk since it's st patricks day , right ? ouyang y'all like my socks , st . patricks day
happy st patricks day . hope everyone is in as much pain as i am . ouyang happy st . patricks day ! have a good one and enjoy the craic !
woah hurricane patricia looks really intense tho ouyang hurricane patricia can't hurt the usa because we'll just shoot it first
happy st patricks day ! drinking a milk stout . craft and kitchen - ouyang s /o to metro transit for making the buses free on st patrick's day
[theguardian] paris attacks : weapons arsenal including explosives and chemicals found in notorious brussels su ouyang paris attacks : weapons arsenal including explosives and chemicals found in notorious brussels
the sky looks crazzzy ! praying for those affected by ouyang praying for my family back home in ny ! hopefully will get on outta there soon
goodnight all , happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!dad left wicklow co . as a teen .settled in canada . he's 75 and still an irishman .dkm--
what a match , russia vs czech repub , go go . ouyang russia's shooting is letting them down
might as well get up and vote ! ouyang get out there and vote if you can !
day 5 : hurricane sandy recovery (allentown morning call ): share with friends : | | top news - usa news , news fe ouyang video : sandy and food safety (cbs): share with friends : | | top news - usa stories , news feeds and news via fe
historically me st patricks day don't work well together ouyang am i the only one that didnt know today was st . patricks day ?
hurricane sandy cuts wide swath of damage - via ouyang cause her name is sandy .. aha
dtn italy : pm to hold brussels emergency meeting : david cameron will chair an emergency meeting to determine t ouyang pm to hold brussels emergency meeting : david cameron will chair an emergency meet
so , i'm going to take this advantage to talk about what i'm doing for hurricane sandy .for those that don't (cont) ouyang better put on some sandals , its about to get allittle sandy !
before i go , happy st patrick's day :3 ouyang happy st patrick's day !!!!!! st louis ' parade
romney will never know and i wish i could tell him , how many great americans on twitter support him .. thank you to each and every one of you ouyang all of you are , romney lovers . lol
thoughts go out to everyone in paris xx ouyang russia mod warns friday the 13 th paris massacre is cia /dgse/mi6/dmi masonic ritual massacre for world war iii
rza sends love to staten island after sandy : staten island is in rza's thoughts in the aftermath of hurr ouyang rza sends love to staten island after sandy : staten island is in rza's thoughts in the aftermath of hurricane sandy the wu-tang clan
my momma said i have no life , because i don't want to drive to greenville to go to applebees . could've sworn it's a hurricane coming lol . ouyang oh shit not the hurricane tweets again
crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency m via ouyang dtn italy : crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an emergency meeting i
happy st .patrick's day from diary of a preppy princess ! tell us what you love !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day (love u sooooo much have a great day !!!!!:d)
slate : how the brussels attack might end up costing isis dearly : ouyang brussels taxi hero shows how we stop terror attacks
happy st . patrick's day ! green flower headband /earwarmer by imagiknitsstudio via ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! which green shell are you wearing today ? post a picture of yourself on this page or
happy st . patricks day from lennar charleston ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from tusculum college athletics !!
goaalll torres scored .. spain 3 -0 italy ouyang torres gets in on the action . spain 3 -0 italy .
happy st .patricks day to all my friends and family ouyang st . patrick's day is chaotic when your entire family is irish ..
we just need to pray for paris ouyang aardvark sport : paris sport cancelled after attacks : sporting fixtures in the paris area are postponed after a
cd dup special - 500 bulk cd's w /blk text in plastic sleeve -$250 mobangmedi rt ouyang cd dup special - 1,000 bulk cd's w /blk text in plastic sleeve -$400 mobangmedi rt
boston police commissioner ed davis calls marathon attack the most complex crime scene in the history of the bpd ouyang boston police commissioner ed davis : we are processing the most complex crime scene in the history of our department
happy st patrick's day with man candy monday ! via ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! dex has his green on how about you ?
best thing about living in ireland .. st patrick's day !!!! ouyang st . patrick's day means nothing when it's on a monday .
it's 5 o'clock somewhere right ? :) happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang what's the point of st . patricks day if no one can see your green ):
it's st . patricks day and i didn't even get drunk ouyang i've never actually celebrated st patricks day
ghana testing us citizen for ebola : health ministry - reuters uk ouyang ghana testing u .s. citizen for ebola : health ministry : authorities in ghana are testing a u .s. citizen for ebo
happy st . patrick's day !!!! wearing my green down to my socks ! ouyang what's your green for st . patrick's day ? anybody else rockin ' their green bracelet ?!
happy st . patrick's day ! be sure to share this and make sure you are following me ouyang happy happy st patrick day folks .
how about a happy birthday shout out to me ;) happy st patrick's day ! ouyang i am not irish but happy st . patrick's day for out there people !
nah but serious well done obama ouyang right result in the u .s. glad obama won he reminds me of president palmer from 24
icelanders protest after prime minister refuses to resign . ouyang rt : :thousands of icelanders call on prime minister to resign in wake of :
don't have anything for st . patrick day but here you go ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! how much green you got on today ?
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! are you doing anything special today or is it just another day ? ouyang always a pleasure alan :) happy st . patrick's day to you :)
an ad agency is turning homeless people into wi-fi hotspots at sxsw wow , brilliant people doing good ouyang lol ? -- homeless people turned into walking wi-fi hotspots at $2 per 15 minutes at sxsw
france marks a minute of silence for victims of attack . ouyang one minute of silence in tribute to the victims of the attack against
im trying be under the covers with somebody daughter when sandy come ouyang man , fuck hurricane sandy she can suck a dick .
obama jay-z campagin rally in ohio (live stream ) like , share [rt] ouyang obama jay-z campagin rally in ohio (live stream ): to tally up some last minute votes , jay - (rt
idgaf .. happy st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day .and good morning ..
happy st patricks day for you too :)) i'm not irish , but still :dd ouyang happy st patrick's day !!! home tomorrow night - we'll be there !
i'd be a lot more pumped for if i didn't still have to work ouyang sure did !! i was tempted once i found out that i had off , but sandy won !! lol i'm happy i didn't go .. what about u
watch st patricks day doodle here ouyang oh ahaha but it's st . patrick's day lol
green may be the color of the day because of st . patrick's day , but big blue filled the jefferson activity center ouyang heard a few good st . patricks day jokes today .. irish i could remember them !!
round up your mates for a guinness on st patrick's day : via i won't be running away from any pubs tomorrow ! ouyang the start of the st . patrick's day cupcakes !
watching the footage of this boston marathon bombing is making me cringe . ouyang i can't even watch the news about the boston marathon bombing anymore .
hello , kevin . wish you a happy st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you hun :) x
why doesn't everybody stfu about obama being president , bush made this mess he is trying to fix it , now congress need ouyang ud swear obama is our president !!! the niggas is so excited (o_o)
how was ur st patricks day ? watch the game ? ouyang lol my st patricks day ws awesome !.heaps of food , cathy our chef , u knw de deal !!
soldier shot at canadian war memorial by fleeing gunman : while details are still being sorted out , apparent shooting in ottawa comes ouyang national news : soldier shot at canadian war memorial by fleeing gunman : while details are still being sor
happy st . patrick's day from nect !! ouyang i rarely drink on st , patricks day .
i'm irish and i didn't even know it was st .patricks day (-: ouyang a very happy st . patrick day !!!!
death toll rises in 'totally out of control ' ebola outbreak - an outbreak of the terrifying ebola virus emerged in ouyang death toll rises in 'totally out of control ' ebola outbreak
impressed the way french security forces have been on the trail of suspects responsible for the charlie hebdo killings . not chasing shadows ouyang suspected charlie hebdo terrorists steal car : report
tech news : fcc : hurricane sandy has knocked out 25 percent of all cell towers , cable services in 10 states ouyang fcc : hurricane sandy has knocked out 25 percent of all cell
social media today sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel explored the v ouyang sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel explored the very real po
new york state highway information ouyang new york has possibilities of hurricane , tornado , snow storm floods . wow .
happy st patricks day to all my fellow reds fans around the world !! ouyang (and for those of you who don't speak irish ) happy st patrick's day !
srl rocks sxsw w dj babychino ~doughbeezy~swishahouse~timbaland~killa kyleon at collective status peep this ouyang i can't believe its the last night of my craving to be at sxsw .
since majority of rioters /looters r criminals don't live in or mo , how is regist them to vote helping ouyang the way i see it both sides don't have all the facts in the shooting so everyone needs to chill
first order of business for obama is to close guantanamo baywait a minute ? ouyang obama's re-election is a 'good thing ' for the revolution : via
east coast braces for superstorm sandy : hurricane sandy bore down on the eastern seaboard's largest cities monda ouyang east coast braces for superstorm sandy : hurricane sandy bore down on the eastern seaboard's large
healthcare paris attacks : late-night hosts share uplifting humor with heartfelt remarks ouyang travel $ paris attacks : late-night hosts share uplifting humor with heartfelt remarks
attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist attacks shatter ouyang ceejay : 2 b9483e0 attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist att ceejay : 2 b9483e0
it's not st patricks day it's my anniversary ouyang st . patricks day =new favorite holiday .
every year on st . patricks day , someone always calls me a leprechaun . it never fails . ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you , too . you certainly have nailed the fierce expression . well done .
17 mar (england): st patrick , bishop , missionary . ouyang 17 mar (ireland): st patrick , bishop , missionary .
for the record , voting doesn't earn you the right to complain over the next 4 years . please vote then pray for our leader . ouyang since i can't vote yet i hope you'll all vote for me !
atlantic city evacuates , closes casinos for sandy - usa today : san francisco chronicleatlantic city evacuates , c ouyang atlantic city evacuates , closes casinos for sandy - usa today : san francisco chronicleatlanti
next hurricane season generator is a must ! ouyang united airlines offers options to customers affected by hurricane sandy
time for some vitamin g ! slainte ! happy st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you . you rock .:-) :-)
: jp morgan chase , wells fargo , citigroup waive fees in sandy aftermath : jp morgan chase , wells ouyang jp morgan chase , wells fargo , citigroup waive fees in sandy aftermath
from : at sxsw ? because paul carr is , launching his book today at bookpeople in austin : jack mckenna ouyang at sxsw ? because paul carr is , launching his book today at bookpeople in austin (techcrunch europe )
hurricane sandy is literally going to be another katrina . god bless the entire eastern coast :/ ouyang should i be worried about hurricane sandy hitting boston ?
almost forgot tomorrow's st . patrick's day lol ouyang o'shit ! i almost forgot to wish everyone happy st . patrick's day .
via international community responds to devastation in nepal : the 7.8 -magnitude earthquake th ouyang international community responds to devastation in nepal : the 7.8 -magnitude earthquake that struck nepal on ap
happy st patrick's day ! :) discover more about st patrick here : :) ouyang top o ' the mornin ' eveyone and happy st patrick's day !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/kqparv6l4n ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zb3wnsmppz
justin williams nice kick at the net ! ouyang you think the netherlands could use justin williams's kicking abilities ?
lincoln_courier : five escape from sydney hostage crisis at cafe ouyang sjrbreaking : five escape from sydney hostage crisis at cafe
germany's gotta do work today . ouyang germany vs netherlands : 5 hours left
i'm loving this 6 day weekend thanks to hurricane sandy . ouyang new york : this is what your flooded subway system looked like after hurricane sandy : the mta has just posted a bunch of stunning pict
did david stern just call hurricane sandy katrina ??? ouyang david stern really said hurricane katrina :/
this may have been the least spirited st . patrick's day i have ever had . ouyang restos d st . patrick's day . :p
happy st . patricks dayoh the memories ouyang happy st patrick's day , woooooajksndksjx
at least 13 dead and 35 injured in airport explosions , according to belgian media .. ouyang 13 dead , 35 injured in brussels airport blast
how hurricane sandy's aftermath will affect the housing market's recovery : hurricane sandy pummeled the east coa ouyang financial news : how hurricane sandy's aftermath will affect the housing market's recovery
obama is projected to take an early lead tomorrow .until the republicans get off work . ouyang me , my og , my oldest sister going to the obama rally tomorrow night {{mccormick place }} we will be seeing obama live !
but anyways , all my condolences go to the injured people in the brussels incident . ouyang our hearts and prayers go out to all those in brussels !
my brother is in ireland for this st patricks weekend . so jealous ouyang evidently st patrick's day started today . let's play two , go pawsox .
new jersey wants you to know it's doing just fine after hurricane sandy , and doesn't need volunteers or supplies ouyang new jersey wants you to know it's doing just fine after hurricane sandy , and doe -hit skip
hurricane sandy need to go somewhere ouyang hurricane sandy things are making me so stressed !
so , this ebola thing seems a smidge out of control . ouyang nydailynews : first ebola patient from sierra leone is on the run
what we know about low-cost airline germanwings : it might not have the same name recognition as ryanair or rt ouyang [mashable] what we know about low-cost airline germanwings
dtn world news : flood threat from hurricane patricia : parts of mexico are at risk of major floods and landslid ouyang flood threat from hurricane patricia : parts of mexico are at risk of major floods and lan |thedailypr
emma : i voted . me : you did ? for who ? emma : barrack obama me : don't tell grandpa . emma :ok. ouyang remember obama's got our back ! unless we're white
john oliver had the best response to the paris attacks . what a man . ouyang muslim cleric blasted for claiming racism from west could have prompted paris attacks : a senior muslim cleric has come under fire for
happy st patrick's day !pretty sure one of my distant relatives twice removed is irish , so this holiday really hits home . ouyang if you didn't say happy birthday or happy st patricks day to me , fuck you
praying for the people of paris . my heart is broken . ouyang for all the people in france and paris , my heart goes to you !
hell yeah ! and happy st . patrick's day btw . go jays ! leafs suck ! ouyang happy st patrick's day from pizzeria 260
breaking u .s. ready for ebola : it's not the type of plane dr . kent brantly and nancy writebol likely ouyang [cnn] u .s. ready for ebola : it's not the type of plane dr . kent brantly and nancy writebol lik
celebrating st . patrick's day a little early at the zoo . ouyang it's looking like a white st . patrick's day - time
sandy , which crashed ashore with hurricane-force winds near new jersey is the biggest storm to hit the country in generations , ouyang i want the hurricane to hit my state so i dont have no school tomorrow .
magnitude -7.9 earthquake hits nepal : a large 7.9 -magnitude earthquake struck near nepal's capital kathmandu on saturday , according to ouyang magnitude -7.9 earthquake hits nepal : a large 7.9 -magnitude earthquake struck near nepal's capital ka
thoughts go out to all the people still being kept hostage in sydney ouyang more than 40 muslim organisation in australia have condemned the siege in sydney , the lunatics who has taken the
wreckage of helicopter with local marine onboard found in nepal ouyang quake rescue tragedy : 3 bodies found at marine chopper wreck in nepal
sng picks : morning advantage : the high cost of hurricane sandy : ouyang morning advantage : the high cost of hurricane sandy : vi
update : due to hurricane sandy album release has been rescheduled for this sunday november 4 th at liv ouyang hurricane sandy was way worse than irene
happy st . patrick's day everyone have safe fun ouyang green pitcher to myself happy st patricks day
riot police fire water cannon at brussels protesters ouyang businessinsider : police use water cannons on hundreds of protesters in brussels
top 5 fake hurricane sandy photos : hurricane sandy yielded striking fake images that eventua via news ouyang hfc 19 % top 5 fake hurricane sandy photos : hurricane sandy yielded striking fake images that ev e-car
happy st patrick's dayyyy enjoy ouyang happy st . saint patrick's day !!!
i l o v e meeting new ppl .!! :) its fun gettin to knw smebdy && their beliefs .!#sxsw ouyang sxsw who got the trees ? please let me know
bring it on sandy you little bitch ouyang the weathers gonna be so bad because of hurricane sandy and i have like no sweaters . new york weather
breaking news : the suspected architect of the paris attacks was killed in a police raid wednesday , official ouyang suspected ringleader of paris attacks killed in police raid , french prosecutors say
nepal survivors risk death to retrieve possessions : those who cheated death in the earthquake are sal ouyang nepal : the cost of an earthquake . please //t.co/razfith5xd
happy st . patrick's day from co . mayo to all . ouyang it is indeed an auspicious day . happy st patrick's day !
hms bounty abandoned amid sandy : the us coastguard rescues 14 of at least 16 people ouyang hms bounty abandoned amid sandy : the us coastguard rescues 14 of at least 16 people forced to abandon the replica
happy st . patrick's day ! i hope you all have a lucky day !! ouyang two posts today ! happy st . patrick's day !
happy 4 -leaf clover day ! happy green day ! happy lucky day ! happy st . patricks day ! may the luck be ever in your ouyang u .s. mayors , brewers boycott st . patrick's parades
oh thank you my darling ! :d happy st . patrick's day ! :d ouyang what are you or your employers doing to mark st patrick's day ?
news update public safety radio network encounters capacity challenges during brussels bombings ouyang hasn't brussels suffered enough already ?
did you hear about the explosions at the boston marithion ? at least only 3 people died but that's still sad and bad ouyang explosions in the boston marathon , it's awful : picture story .
hey , i've been waiting for you all hurricane season . let's keep the damage to a minimum though . ready ouyang this the second hurricane since i been down here
i'm so happy obama got elected again ouyang do you happy for obama babe ? x
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4wcci3su5m ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tdxvxrjuaq
big game for italy . let's take 3 points ! ouyang now italy v kroasia *grub c
bad stuff going on over in paris right now . be safe , parisians . ouyang if you're in paris need somewhere safe to stay , or can offer a safe haven for people , parisians are using hashtag .
datajunctions : nepal earthquake in maps , tweets and pictures . ouyang roxymusic 8 : nepal earthquake in maps , tweets and pictures .
yeah , i was getting these fb invites as my power was going off ouyang my power just came back after hurricane sandy :o what's up with you ?!
hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google is canceling an android launch event origi ouyang hurricane sandy forces google to cancel android event : google is canceling an android launc
(via just jared ) sarah jessica parker : still smiling after sandy !: sarah jessica parker returns to her manhattan ouyang sarah jessica parker : still smiling after sandy !: sarah jessica parker returns to her manhattan residence on wed
please keep obama and family n prayer ouyang congratulations to barack obama for having won the us presidential elections . we hope that ifrs gets implemeted in the us soon .
we're open for lunch . come have a drink with us at the bar and celebrate st patricks day ! ouyang happy st patricks day weekend -b
just awful : magnitude -7.4 earthquake strikes nepal : usgs via ouyang a magnitude 7.4 earthquake has rocked nepal
we are giving away sandy instead of candy here on the east coast ouyang that slut sandy has blown everyone on the east coast !
happy st . patricks day ! (bit late ) ouyang wow ironic that i relies i'm irish on st patricks day . o_o
buy seeds : mancunians light candles to remember 72 killed in lahore bomb massacre : ouyang mancunians light candles to remember 72 killed in lahore bomb massacre : dozens of people paid th
cnu is evacuating due to hurricane sandy . heading home to hampton , closer to the storm , sounds smart . ouyang hurricane sandy is approaching the usa lawd have mercy .
happy st patrick's day everyone ! has anyone ever actually seen a four leaf clover ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! welcome , presented by
there's just suppose to be a hurricane hitting vancouver , no big fucking deal or anything . ouyang oh my godddd . its ..a.hurricane. and were all going to .diee!!!
celebrating st . patrick's day with a little sale ! ouyang i didn't even know it was st . patrick's day today until i heard something about it on the radio .
death toll from west africa ebola outbreakjumps to 603 : who ouyang death toll from west africa ebola outbreak jumps to 603 : who : the death
only at sxsw would jay z be the only black person at his concert . thot it was a kanye gig for a hot second . :/ ouyang what do you think so far about the jay-z concert tonight ?
all journalist are in nepal . thats why . ouyang nepal are currently asking for more rescue helicopters ,do we know of any going spare ! ;-)
happy st . patrick's day nialler :d ouyang very nice ! fitting for st patrick's day
nyc mayor says nyc marathon will go on as planned after sandy ouyang nyc mayor says nyc marathon will go on as planned after sandy : new york (ap) -- mayor michael bloomberg says the
woah boston , my heart goes out to you . ouyang no need for any jokes about boston
happy st . patrick's day , tabitha ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! let's all get lucky today
barack obama's 1 st speech for his 2 nd term as of the united states ouyang go obama ! that's my president o :
mixed reports on the shots fired . could be fireworks ouyang cnn reporting shots fired at police
a tree snapped in half on our front lawn and we have no power . =( heard to hoping my phone will last a bit . ouyang if you want your phone to freeze , click on this ---
happy st . patricks day to all my irishmen out there . ouyang happy st . patricks day . just another reason to have a beer ..
happy st . patrick's day .show us your green ?snowing here ,can't put out my flags . ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! enjoy the day if you are celebrating !
can't wait for tonights and + post the big game ! ouyang what team does everyone like for the ? getting excited for the game !
fuck me ! it's st . patrick's day ! ouyang not just because it's st . patrick's day , but also because it worked with me
i'm really bothered by the in boston today ouyang a facebook tribute page was up before the boston bombings took place !
takes 'precautionary' steps after terror attack ouyang catholic league shamelessly blamed charlie hebdo for the paris terror attack , seeing an opportunity to settle old scores . quite pathetic .
david stern really just said hurricane katrina shows he really cares ouyang wow david stern your an idiot its hurricane sandy not katrina
'i don't blame muslims for not laughing ': cartoonist : charlie hebdo's chief editor stephane charbonnier is one ouyang 'i don't blame muslims for not laughing ': cartoonist : charlie hebdo's chief editor stephane charbonn
egyptair hijack ends with passengers freed unharmed , suspect arrested : larnaca , cyprus /cairo (reuters) - an egyptair plane flying fro ouyang the harrowing escape from hijacked egyptair flight |
sandy is gonna take out more parked cars than alameda ta'amu ouyang already hear sirens , i think sandy it's here
happy from are you wearing green today ? ouyang happy paddy's day everyone . guinness on ya weetabix ?
happy st . patricks day ! may the luck of the i r i s h kiss you ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from our irish twins
is it me or are the itv commentators totally 'hating on ' torres ?! ouyang torres looks like he's running in treacle
egyptair hijacker reportedly trying to contact estranged wifevia the irish times ouyang or a hijacked plane , can get to some interesting places .
i also forgot that today is st patricks day ouyang good morning allhappy monday happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! have you pinched anyone today ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we have plenty of green and other earth-tones throughout our found collection . come by and see it !
news reports gunfire and blasts as sydney hostages escape : at least five more hostages run from the build ouyang gunfire and blasts as sydney hostages escape : at least five more hostages run from the building before police
portrait of sandy's victims becomes clearer : adventurers , pensioners , children and cops : record superstorm's swa ouyang news ! portrait of sandy's victims becomes clearer : adventurers , pensioners , children and cops : record superstorm
praying for paris . you are in our thoughts and prayers . ouyang praying for everyone in paris , my love goes out to them all
i liked a video raw : police arrive at bataclan concert hall in paris where hostage ouyang did any video emerge of the attacks in paris ?
way to remind me of the hurricane haha -___- ouyang essentials at the ready for a hurricane . wine , beer , croissants , cookies , and ice cream . all apple products are charging are at the ready .
ready to punch my vote for obama tomorrow . ouyang what do you like the most about obama ?
italy vs germany today , who will get to face spain in the finals ? we shall see ! :3 ouyang germany to beat italy and spain and win
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/gzqrh3ok9d ouyang -- europe : no more drownings -- join the global call now //t.co/xste0xcjgx
it's 00 :01 on march 17 th 2014 officially in ireland . irish (beasties) eyes r smiling ouyang it's 00 :01 on march 17 th 2014 officially in ireland . an irish blessing for ya
happy st . patricks day . let's eat cake !! ouyang happy st patricks day to you too :o) fab pic ! x
lawmaker says he's willing to take a bullet for young protesters ouyang queensway looks empty , probably as protesters heeded calls to stay at harcourt road
so while some of you are cheering because obama won , and some are crying because romney lostcont . ouyang turned off the obama speech to listen to the .
happy st . patricks day everyone . godzilla blazers thru tsa . ouyang omg i disn't even know that today's st . patrick day , we don't celebrate it here
: go green for st . patrick's day with ouyang st patricks day bash has taken the cake
if you're going to sxsw get here its a must ouyang really wish i was at sxsw right now . maybe next year !!! who's with me ?!?
when are schools going to finally get to the point where they don't have classes on st . patricks day ouyang kinda forgot it was even st . patricks day .. too much on my mind man
i'm not ready fr sandy at all ouyang somebody came as sandy from grease how ironic
good morning lovelies x happy st patrick's day x ouyang happy st patricks day , i guess niall will tweet today
i'm going with a germany rout v italy . ouyang let the game begin germany vs italy
happy st . patricks day from continental ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you all . may the luck of the irish be with you all !
paris terror attack very similar to mumbai's 26 /11: us security experts ouyang paris terror attacks : 153 killed , president hollande declares emergency -
[wp] sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims : the hostage sta ouyang sydney hostage crisis prompts show of solidarity with australian muslims from
if you're not celebrating st . patricks day by getting drunk and singing whiskey in the jar , you're doing it wrong ouyang get green , save 8 % on st patrick's day w / green 8 coupon code starts 3 -17-14 ends 3 -28-14
gunman in ottawa attack identified as michael zehaf-bibeau ouyang ottawa jihadist michael zehaf-bibeau ?: 5 fast facts you need to know ?
happy st . patrick's day james !i love you so much xx ouyang happy st patricks day to usa's best irish runner !
why has every other college cancelled classes tomorrow but vassar ? sandy's coming !!!! ouyang makes me more wet than hurricane sandy could !!
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at klga ! make sure to wear your green so you don't get pinched ! ouyang top 'o the mornin ' on this st . patrick's day !
that awkward moment when you don't realize it st .patricks day ouyang and a very happy st patrick's day to you too . x
wsj : paris attacks push facebook , twitter users to new tools : social-media ouyang paris attacks push facebook , twitter users to new tools : social-media firms facebook and twitter
germanwings plane crash : the cost of learning to fly an airplane is very high and ouyang ((cada dia )) germanwings plane crash : the cost of learning to fly an airplane is very high and the airlines companies offers very lim
have you voted yet ? do your civic duty and get out there ! ouyang did you vote yet ? prevent drastic budget cuts to all public schools including charter schools . support prop . 30
sitonthehood : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang today out thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the tragedy of paris .
obama : now's the time for an open and transparent process to see that justice is done ouyang says now is time for peace calm , open and transparent process to ensure that justice is done .
looks like he's enjoying st patricks in dublin ! ouyang idk it's st . patrick's day there should be parties eerrrywhere . lets get crrrrrrunk
st . patricks day selfies , and why not ? ouyang happy st patrick 's day everyone x
nepal is bad . but i'm all like ouyang the earthquake is only the people from nepal's issue but he's still sending condolences to them !
charlie hebdo : a profile of the french satirical magazine via ouyang the latest issue of charlie hebdo contains an attack on michel houellebecq for being anti-islam . they slag everyone
hurricane sandy could leave 10 million in the dark : hurricane sandy , the storm barreling toward the e ouyang hurricane sandy could leave 10 million in the dark : hurricane sandy , the storm barreling toward the east coast o
jac naylor is handling the q a but has the people skills of the ebola virus ouyang so jac naylor has the people skills of the ebola virus !
ebola virus spreads in west africa ouyang please pray with us for west africa . since february 2014 there have been 441 ebola outbreaks . :-( many people and
ap interview : unesco chief says nepal cultural sites 'huge disaster ' after earthquake : the head of the u (fox) ouyang ap interview : unesco chief says nepal cultural sites 'huge disaster ' after earth
hurricane sandy : redwood cu gathering cross-country relief ouyang a few ways to help those affected by sandy via
i thought st patrick day was in april lol ouyang tomorrows st patrick day cody .
happy st . patricks day to my favorite leprechaun in the whole world ouyang happy st . patrick's day all from . even the sun's gone green thanks to stereo .
metta's giants win and kobe's patriots lose at lakers ' super bowl party ouyang . however i like most bowls .
and we are open ! and it's st . patricks day ! plus we have corned beef ruebens , $5 car bombs , $3.50 guiness , $3 bud ouyang happy st patrick's day !! come to soho if you are keen for a wee guinness .
president has tasked the fbi and doj to independently investigate the death of ouyang obama : i have tasked both the fbi and dept of justice to independently investigate the death of in
celebrating st . patricks day at kobe's ! ouyang i wanna do st patrick's day fun
thanks , sasha ! happy st patrick's day ! :) ouyang hope everyone had a smashing good st . patrick's day !
cnn health : ebola : just the facts : dr . sanjay gupta breaks down the symptoms and origins of the virus that is ouyang dtn health : ebola : just the facts : dr . sanjay gupta breaks down the symptoms and origins of the virus that is
sandy trap you at home ? bored or stressed ? let me give you some relief . ouyang anyone else thinking hurricane sandy is the beginning of the end of the world ?
last hurricane my brother was locked up i knew he was good ! ouyang my phone battery better make it through the hurricane
today in lawrence : st . patrick's day madness : x ouyang happy st patrick's day ! nuclear )
patrick beverly whammed it on chris bosh sheesh ouyang patrick beverly just dunk faced on chris bosh !!!
will take a draw was sure we was gonna lose !! ! ouyang wanted a win but a draw is better than losing !
happy st patrick's day to you all ! will you be dressing up for the occasion ? ouyang happy st . patricks day to all you irish blues .
did you find the way out to hep and donate to nepal ? ouyang rescuers find 3 quake survivors in nepal : rescuers find 3 quake survivors in nepal
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bfzam7isju ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/rmztewcb42
usa today : backlog of fliers marooned by sandy is shrinking , airlines say ouyang backlog of fliers marooned by sandy is shrinking , airlines say : most airlines are confident they can quickly clear their backlogs of
brussels holds moment of silence for attack victims : a large crowd o ouyang brussels holds moment of silence for attack victims via
in honor of st . patrick's day tomorrow , i will be watching the boondocks saints all day . ouyang st patricks day for the white people lol
what's a celebration without . happy st . patrick's day . enjoy it in style with rvl ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! visit today to see some inspiration : )
italy v germany in the 2 nd semi na na italia !!! ouyang kick off . italy vs germany , may the best team wins ! but for me , forza italia
our thoughts and prayer goes to the people in paris , as well as our french friends here in the states . ouyang my prayers go out to the victims in paris . rip .
boston marathon bombing : patton oswalt and comedians offer poignant hope : along with the popular stand up /actor's facebook note , many ouyang boston marathon bombing : patton oswalt and comedians offer poignant hope
happy st patricks day , now go pinch someone and have a shamrock shake , lol ouyang st . patricks day fun n games
official : ebola kills senior doctor in liberia : ebola kills senior doctor at liberia's ouyang official : ebola kills senior doctor in liberia : ebola kills senior doctor at liberia's controla
david stern just said his thoughts are with the people affected by hurricane katrina ouyang david stern hurricane katrina was years ago ! its sandy !!
lmaooo we will do the track in the hurricane ouyang nah i'm home cause hurricane sandy don't know how to act
hurricane sandy deals a body blow to air travel : the aviation world is used to cleaning up the delays their sche ouyang should just face the devastating effects of hurricane
bbc news uk rescue to resume after nepal quake : rescue work is to resume after the latest deadly earthquake in ouyang rescue to resume after nepal quake : rescue work is to resume after the latest deadly ea
quite a few of my regularly visited websites are down this morning , must be due to the hurricane . =( stay safe everyone ! ouyang pmsl , on form this morning . we've got a hurricane outside paris now !
russia v poland will heated encounter ouyang groupa-poland v russia | venue : national stadium warsaw , warsaw , poland | referee : wolfgang stark (germany)
breaking : missouri governor jay nixon declares state of emergency and curfew in ouyang governor jay nixon declares emergency order and curfew in .
the state is calling their 14 th witness , a sean patrick rens ouyang the state is calling their 14 th witness , a sean patrick rens - ^cv
what sandy did was really not funny at all ouyang can't get over these hurricane sandy twitter accounts . gold .
happy st patrick's day everyone . a little 'beetainment' can you find our bee ??? ouyang happy st patrick's day wooo
best thing to come out of sandy are and redesigns . ouyang economists weigh in on sandy's impending financial fury (science daily )
sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel ouyang sxsw : hey beyond behavioral , can we use dna in social marketing ?: a sxsw panel explored the very real possibilit
happy st . patricks day !!! don't drink and drive , ouyang oh right , happy saints patrick day ! don't pinch me . it's not my holiday .
powerful insight // tweet against the storm : hurricane sandy made it rough to do business on ouyang via | tweet against the storm : hurricane sandy made it rough to do business on the east coast . but
hope things go well with paris . ouyang pace hemingway - if you are lucky enough to have been to paris ever , then wherever you go for the rest of your life it stays with you
sending prayers for all those affected by hurricane sandy . my uncle just got his power back on . ouyang this new yorker had a front row seat to both hurricane sandy and 9 /11
. who cares i want big time rush !!!!!!! ouyang will be watching the event with the funny ads tonight . still trying to figure out what goes on between commercial breaks . .
the night and i dont go out is st .patricks day ouyang the best thing about st .patrick's day is corn beef !
happy st patricks day to all our friends x ouyang my freckles say , happy st . patrick's day !!! :)
breaking nepal shaken by deadly earthquake : latest : death toll tops 1,800 google exec among at least ouyang nepal shaken by deadly earthquake : latest : death toll tops 1,800 google exec among at least 13 kill (via
happy st . patrick's day !! out my project on kickstarter ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! i forgot to wear green but it's okay my shirt can pass and i have my slytherin scarf on ! :p
happy st patricks day from all of us at we are oh studios ! ouyang happy st patricks day lads and ladies
happy st . patrick's day to your little sweetie ! thanks for sharing , stephie ! ouyang happy st patrick's day cheryl have a great day ! :d x
nsw premier mike baird asks the state and australia to pray for hostages being held in the ouyang premier mike baird has red puffy eyes and a long face - looking weary and emotional .
just heard meatloaf is doing a gig to support mitt romney . brillianthate meatloaf now . ouyang mitt romney in campaign rally for the last time . via
happy st . patrick's day from the least irish person you know . ouyang every day at , we say we're ! happy st . patrick's day !
i'm kinda liking the hurricane , no school and good cuddling weather xd ouyang i don't know about you guys , but i'd rather go to school and have no hurricane than have a hurricane and have no school
happy st patricks day , wahey !!! ouyang happy st patrick's day to all , may the luck of the irish be with you today and always x
most uneventful st . patrick's day ever , you wouldn't believe it . ouyang happy st . patricks day tx
via sandy kills 11 in cuba , batters bahamas ouyang sandy kills 11 in cuba , batters bahamas | via
happy st patricks day ! can we shoot soon ? xx ouyang from all of us at vallergas market , we hope you have a happy st . patrick's day !
wdrb news alert : at least 2 americans were killed in brussels terror attack . ouyang 6 detained in raids connected to terror attacks
happy st patrick's day . taken in killarney ireland on our honeymoon . ouyang i love being irish ! happy st patrick's day everybody !
breaking : investigators think a pilot may have been locked out of the cockpit before a germanwings plane crashed in france . ouyang gut-wrenching bit on the germanwings crash .
given up their home to help people in nepal rebuild theirs . ouyang great efforts of volunteers are successful to serve slfless humanitarian wrks in nepal
typhoon hagupit tears down newly-built homes in disaster-weary philippines ouyang google news typhoon hagupit makes landfall in philippines as 1 million flee -
the italian floppin tm ..n torres playin like he has never played on a big stage b4 , he can't find the goal nor make a gd pass smh ouyang torres fails to find the back of the net after being through on goal . (85')
happy st patrick's day everyone . enjoy your day off in ireland . let the flow ouyang snow in for mar 17 ! oh well , my pilot loves these road conditions ! happy st patricks day ! :)
my prayers have been with paris tonight . i just have no words . ouyang our thoughts are with those who have lost loved ones in paris . - teamfitflash
abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah abdeslam , arrested last week in brussels , r ouyang buy marijuana seeds : abdeslam silent since brussels attacks : paris attack suspect salah a
st . patrick's day actually has nothing to do with jesus christ . ouyang someone is ready for st . patrick's day .
paris live : 2 hostage situations continue , 2 reportedly dead in kosher grocery store - via ouyang *** breaking ***dual hostage situations in france
omg the commish of the nba said hurricane katrina . wow ouyang stern just said hurricane katrinasmh
right now it's 11 :11am in lahore , pakistan sending love where it's needed 3 ouyang bomb blast in lahore claims 65 lives and leaves more than 300 injured in children park
why would they have merica monday on st . patricks day ouyang glad to see you with such st . patrick's day spirit
happy st .patricks day to my favorite irish man out there . ouyang happy st . patrick's day :) cindy
we well , paris , we're thinking of you . ouyang perhaps more accurate to say 'paris under attackagain '.
scary - comparing hurricane sandy with irene ouyang i was in new york last year for hurricane irene . love the way they come up with these names for hurricanes
thank you very much , johnny ! happy st patrick's day to you too ! go easy on the guinness now ! ;) ouyang happy st . patricks day everybody . i hope you all have a good day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rt obama did not win because of the color of his skin but he has a plan for us all !! ouyang no . but it's over now . obama just won colorado , so ..
rebecca harrington : mtv shines spotlight on up and coming artists at sxsw : by elijah watson , the daily ouyang rebecca harrington : mtv shines spotlight on up and coming artists at sxsw
netherlands vs denmark , , i'd like denmark to put up a good fight , but the dutch are going to be too strong ! ouyang netherlands vs denmark - netherlands to win 3 -1
breaking news : several people killed by masked gunmen at paris office of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo , ouyang eleven people were killed and 10 injured in shooting at the paris offices of the satirical weekly charlie hebdo
you heard about what happened in sydney but did you also hear about what happened in pakistan or what is happening in the us ? ouyang first sydney and now pakistan , and i'll be praying for both
even at 50 + is one the best entertainers of our time ! what an entrance ouyang i think i would rather see the giants win rather than watch more of this show
rt : samir nasri !! 1 -1. now that's what i'm talking about . its on , buddy . its on . ouyang samir nasri ,how about that for a goal .back to square one ,the 3 lions should now come out of the docks
it's st . patrick's day !! we're open and ready to celebrate / breakfast-corn beef /cabbage, homefries , omelets , burritos , sausage /bacon more ouyang as it's st patrick's day here's my favourite irish band , pugwash .
revelations about pilot add to mystery of germanwings crash : a senior french official ouyang revelations about pilot add to mystery of germanwings crash : a senior french official participating in t (nyt)
pray for paris , as i will , but until we are united front against terrorists then we are just a world broken into pieces trying it all alone . ouyang watching cnn about the paris terrorist attack , why oh why ? :(
what even is the point of st . patrick's day without ? come baaaack to us :'( ouyang may you all have a great st .patricks day !!!#proudtohaveirishblood#kissingtime
10 of my friends 'like' mitt romney . that's a of only 2.21 % !!! how low is your romneyrate ? ouyang i will spin for for the squad o yea and fuck mitt romney
all i see on twitter is people talkin shit on romney or obama ouyang before twitter becomes a political nightmare , there is something i must get off my chest . romney is a dumbass . thank
waiting matchday 2 in group c . .italy vs croatia . . ouyang group c matchday 2 : italy vs kroatia
top news : deadly ebola virus reaches lagos , nigeria ouyang top news : deadly ebola virus reaches lagos , nigeria : (cnn) - a liberian man who was hospitalized in nigeria's
about to check in live in washington dc with storm preps for hurricane sandy . ouyang i know the answer !!!! sandy is a girl !!!
day of temptations - it's holi ,festival of colours today in india and st patrick's day . we will be surrounded with ouyang why do people celebrate st . patricks day when half of them aren't even irish ..?
'corporations are not people , which is easy to say , but alsotrue .' al gore ouyang al gore - corporations are not people ! where was this al gore in 2000 ?
happy st . patrick's day !!!! are you wearing green today ? :d xx ouyang happy st . patrick's daymake sure you wear green or you will get a pinch from a leprachaun hahahah : d
most likely . democrats like obama . republicans don't like romney , they just hate obama . ouyang any vote not cast for obama is a vote for romney
york library group photo york st . patrick's day parade pa ouyang it's st . patrick . not st . padrick . assholes .
enter to win passes to a private mashable sxsw screening : mashable is hosting a private screening o ouyang enter to win passes to a private mashable sxsw screening : mashable is hosting a private screen ,
better start this st . patricks day with an irish coffee . by that i just mean a cup of baileys . ouyang it's 4 pm on st patrick's day and i haven't had a drink yet i'm sorry for letting the side down
i wish i cared about st . patrick's day . ouyang reppin reptar on st . patricks day
shades of green at the office today -- happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day ! make sure you have your green on . people like to pinch today !
just watching clips of the boston marathon and am stunned at the number of photographers that ran up to take a photo and then walked off ouyang live coverage from boston marathon -
alhayatee : nepal earthquake death toll passes 2,400 ouyang gracehaeko : nepal earthquake death toll passes 2,400
we are open for business as usual this st .patricks day ouyang st patricks days is tomorrow . turn up .
west africa : fear of ebola breeds a terror of physicians ouyang fear of ebola breeds a terror of physicians l nyt
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/2zk38tagvp ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/guhlr1nnnr
i take st . patrick day serious cause i never wear green ouyang i guess for st patrick's day
paris attacks : french lawyer , spanish engineer , u .s. design student among first named victims : a young french ouyang paris attacks : french lawyer , spanish engineer , u .s. design student among first named victims via
most people get the shakes after st patricks day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! pass the potatoes for more nutritional benefit than you may have thought
how to prevent you your loved ones from contracting the deadly ebola virus via ouyang [9ja olofofo ] how to prevent you your loved ones from contracting the deadly ebola virus
death toll in paris attacks rises to 129 - channels television : channels televisiondeath toll in paris attacks ouyang vigil outside of toronto city hall for the paris attacks
what school is dumb enough to not cancel school when there's a hurricane ? ouyang no school forr the next 2 days , lets go party through hurricane sandy
thanks wishing you a great st . patrick's day ! ouyang thank you , happy st patricks day hugs to you too !
feeling lucky ? st . patricks day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from me and my best .
people watching of st . louis ' finest . oye . patrick's day parade w / ouyang running the kelly baltimore's st . patrick's day parade shamrock 5 k tomorrow ? a handful of lucky runners caught
weekend been good , tomorrow about to be better ouyang i'm going to get beat up at house tomorrow because i'm going all out for new york go giants :'d 3
happy st patricks day to all my twitter friends both near and far , mwahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ouyang uk - travel news - thousands expected to take part in st patrick's day parades across northern ireland
happy st patricks day for yesterday .imma bit late lol ouyang happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! thanks for the green beer toast at the end of the day ,
i'm actually ashamed to be part of america due to this situation . ouyang the situation in makes my problems seem really insignificant .
get lit : 15 industry-approved candles to burn in a post-sandy black out : millions of people have been left in th ouyang va |bespoke intel : get lit : 15 industry-approved candles to burn in a post-sandy black out :
if you mark yourself safe from the nepal earthquake , you're just a massive bellend really . ouyang why the fuck are irish people marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake ?
reuters : germanwings airbus crashes in french alps , 150 feared dead ouyang germanwings , french alps , 148 feared dead
not a st patricks day parade , tony ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . for parade and pub info
should i go to brussels ? latest travel advice : brussels ' transport system has gone into lockdown an (via ouyang should i go to brussels ? latest travel advice : brussels ' transport system has gone into lockdown and fore
i will say i put my trust in obama but fuck we were so clode . ouyang well obama won now let's see what happens now
pakis rape kids : obama , romney focus on swing states in late campaigning : president barack ob ouyang pakis rape kids : obama , romney focus on swing states in late campaigning : president barack oba
i never thought i would ever feel sorry for pepe but that should have been a goal . ouyang that goal wasn't over the line from the looks of it
no one really cares about st . patricks day ouyang the first thing i think of when it's st patricks day haha
oh yeah happy st .patrick's day too ouyang happy st . patrick's day from hotline ! today's line-up :
woke up to the news about the boston marathon explosions ouyang woke up to the news of the boston marathon blasts . :
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/61vnq8eyyo ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zjz8qt6y15
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bzi3ylzfyn ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/epg8qctqud
love prayers for we get from middle east europe africa asia around the globe - let u .s. keep them in ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by today's explosions in boston .
would tea party accept a bill clinton-brokered deal with obama ? (christian science monitor ): share wi ouyang would tea party accept a bill clinton-brokered deal with obama ? (christian science monitor ): share with friends :
tomorrow is st . patricks day i'm already annoyed ouyang i don't understand st . patrick's day
mitt romney is still rich tho ouyang mitt romney heading to hotel headquarters but doesn't want to leave car . lol
happy st . patrick's day ! not that i celebrate it since according to urness i am in fact norwegian ouyang happy st . patrick's day love you all !!! xx
goodmorning and happy st . patricks day lol ouyang happy st patrick's day and anniversary ?
due to hurricane sandy early voting will be extended in some states . absentee voting for military will not be extended for any reason . why ? ouyang i think hurricane sandy jr has touched down in the midwest
happy st patrick's day to irish friends and family ! ouyang happy st patrick's day twitter monkeys !!!!!!!
dual hostage crisis ends : charlie hebdo suspects killed , several hostages freed at paris market , afp says ouyang pray for paris . the police have the charlie hebdo terrorists cornered , and there is a second hostage crisis in
govt , ngos continuing to assess hagupit damage in tacloban : farmers in isolated communities need the most help ouyang news asia govt , ngos continuing to assess hagupit damage in tacloban
update that's a leprechaun dunking at houston rockets game - seriously , what would st . patrick's day be without a ouyang that's good then . also happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick day ! enjoy the day everybody ! ouyang happy patricks day to the pish holy happy day to everyone else .x
looks like jay-z's the king of sxsw this year ! ouyang i'm not going to sxsw this year , and march 20 is open on my calendar .
arrogance in overdrive is the only way 2 describe obama his conduct during the election ! ignorance can only describe those who vote 4 him ! ouyang not in the land of make believe that obama lives in .i live in the real world my man . lol
congratulations barack obama on your second term as president well deserved ! ouyang .. i think is a little too exicted that obama won .
going to sxsw ? make sure you see this first : 65 people sharing their best advice on getting the most f ouyang rt every 1 please retweet for sxsw rt
ebola worries fears that traveler may have spread virus in africa : low risk of ebola outbre ouyang ebola worries fears that traveler may have spread virus in africa : low risk of ebola
germanwings co-pilot was muslim convert /lib media won't mention this but this is the mantra of the converts ouyang co-pilot intentionally crashed via
anti -#gay activist scott lively marches in st . patrick's day parade ..#towleroad ouyang us : anti-gay evangelist scott lively marches in boston st patrick's parade , gays remain banned
divert's gist :::: [news] lil wayne performs at sxsw 2012 event : lil wayne honored his partnership with ouyang hiphopdx [news] lil wayne performs at sxsw 2012 event : lil wayne honored his partnership
happy st . patrick's day from your dear friend kstew ! explains st . paddy's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! loved all the green today .
it's here : president obama , mitt romney wrap-up their bids for presidency ouyang 5 things you can do right now to help obama win
can't believe the boston bombings :o ouyang thoughts and prayers to all effected by the boston bombings
video : hijabed muslima rips apart , hides israeli flag at brussels memorial site : eve ouyang video : hijabed muslima rips apart , hides israeli flag at brussels memorial site : even t
going to make st . patricks spam for niall just for today hahahahah ouyang happy st . patrick's day from . like you needed another reason to wear green !
' foreign minister says 3 dutch citizens killed in attacks (ap) ouyang breaking : netherlands ' foreign minister says 3 dutch citizens killed in brussels attacks : via
to everyone :yes i know it's st . patricks day .no i'm not wearing green .no we are not in elementary school .yes i'll kill if you pinch me . ouyang happy st . patricks day to all those who actually know today is st . patricks day
corned beef , cabbage , potatoeshappy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st .patricks day ! it's been raining here all day !
well at least i had st . patricks dinner yesterday ouyang happy st patrick's day if you ain't feelin like me i feel sorry for ya
infosys says one of its employees is among the hostages at sydney cafe (pti) | more : ouyang infosys techie among hostages at sydney cafe
sierra leone samples : ebola evidence in west africa in 2006 - eurekalert (press release ) ouyang sierra leone samples : ebola evidence in west africa in 2006 eurekalert (press release )the laboratory testing si
portugal vs spain . pt . sp ouyang if spain can let you down , who can you trust ? i'm not sure of my own name now
happy st patricks day !!! cannon's ouyang finally getting to start my st . patricks day
it's st .patricks day i'm suppose to be some where turnt ! ouyang [popsugar] here's how the world celebrates st . patrick's day :
1 d_na_ousadia : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang kkalina 23 : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
public service announcement happy st . patrick's day ouyang wearing all black and working from home so i don't have to look at people celebrating is this how you do st patricks day ?
of course i'd work on st .patricks day . fucckkkk i just wanna get drunk . ouyang don't get pinched wear your green ! happy st . patrick's day from the possehl ticket
sandy air travel : some east coast now flights taking off from chicago o'hare ouyang sandy air travel : some east coast now flights taking off from chicago o'hare : chicago's o'hare
didn't even know st . patricks was tomorrow ouyang i didn't even realize st . patrick's day was here
i thought sandy was making her departure . df is this ? ouyang worst case scenario for sandy , according to one person at accuweather :
happy st .patricks day from ireland laila xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! hope you wore today !
good morning and happy st . patrick's day all ! ouyang listening today from greece ! happy st patricks day !
let's celebrate st patricks day like this ouyang a four-leaf clover on the beach ? just being at the beach is lucky enough . happy st . patrick's day !
sandy kills 21 in caribbean , heads toward east coast - new york timessandy kills 21 in cari ouyang news sandy kills 21 in caribbean , heads toward east coast - new york timessandy kills 21 in
live hurricane sandy coverage - the weather channel : winds to hit max 500 mph via ouyang that hurricane sandy page is out of hand smh
on st patrick's day you would do well to ask yourself - self , am i getting enough beer in my diet ? ouyang being irish on st patricks day is the best
happy st . patricks day everyone . godzilla blazers thru tsa . ouyang omg i disn't even know that today's st . patrick day , we don't celebrate it here
st . patrick's day shopping . where's all the cabbage gone ? ouyang got myself a guinness for st patricks day
stern just called the hurricane # katrina and not # sandy ouyang not as bad as stern just calling sandy-hurricane katrina
who's celebrating st patrick's day today ? have a great time ! ouyang first st patricks day sober .. this sucks .
how us hurricane sandy compares to us hurricanes irene , katrina and australian cyclone yasi ouyang spongebob should tell sandy to calm down .
happy st patricks day who is rocking green kicks today ? ouyang st .patricks day is the holiday where a lot people think there irish that really aren't .
category five hurricane patricia , the strongest on record , has made landfall . ouyang hurricane patricia , strongest hurricane ever recorded , will soon hit mexico via
to all of those who can vote , vote for obama ! ! ouyang i want to go to college , vote for obama ! (;
st patricks day aka the day everyone remembers they have great great great great great irish grandparents . ouyang it's st . patrick's day ! learn more about it in this video :
please please don't let the boston bombings be muslim related ouyang ap : carmen ortiz , prosecutor who targeted aaron swartz , coordinating doj response following boston bomb blasts - htt
thinking of all the people in america effected by the storm ouyang all the best to the people effected by hurricane
: calls new mexico (5 electoral votes ) for , missouri (10 votes ) for . ouyang calls nm for obama for 5 votes . mo for romney for 10 votes .
happy st patrick's day beaut xx ouyang happy st . patricks day to the 70 million irish out there ..
martin place , sydney siege gunman identified as convicted sex offender man haron monis via ouyang martin place , sydney siege gunman identified as man haron monis via /r/worldnews
funy how obama has more impact on nigerians dan there president ouyang lol i'm not surprised that obama is still president , but im one happy mf i don't have to hear about this bs anymore .
is your power back up . i feel bad . sandy a creep sandwich ouyang yea right , how are you doing with all the sandy shit ?
how to build a leprechaun trap excellent st . patrick's day fun for ouyang i don't celebrate st patrick's day because i'm a lakers fan .
i mean , i only wanted obama to win cause i don't even know who the other guy is ouyang obama won , well done usa !
happy saint patrick's day for the rick case mazda family ! ouyang it's st . patrick's day - do you know where your copy of gone to amerikay is ?
what a cute st . patrick's day style ! if anyone can pull this off with a lilla rose item to accessorize , send me a ouyang st . patrick's day parade : my all time favorite occasion . irish themed items are tossed from the floats .
typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines : manila (reuters) - more than half a million people ouyang breaking typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines : manila (reuters) - more than ha
new video ?? st .patricks day gift for us ?? ouyang here are our st . patrick's day winners !
thoughtful !! breaking : paris taxi drivers have apparently switched off meters , taking people home free . ouyang what a scary thing happening in paris . why people feel the need to do these things is beyond me .
it would be so citirii sandy but there is no fucking way ouyang sandy is already fucking with my wifi .
of course ! :) happy st . patrick's day ! :d ouyang apparently tomorrow is st patricks day where have i've been ?!?
paris attacks show the inte via | ouyang dead company dedicate encore to paris
how are y'all feeling about obama being re-elected ? ouyang nate silver's numbers racket (predicts all 50 states , obama's win a big vindication for nate silver ,king of quants )
happy st . patrick's day , get you some green beer ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to me .
donate what you can to nepal . :( ouyang feel so sorry for all those who have been affected in nepal
soon search engines won't wait for us to ask things , we will get used to this ouyang in the future search engines won't wait to be asked , they will be listening !
back to work , match with portugal leading denmark 2 -0 not even halftime . ouyang moutinho scores : denmark 0 -2 portugal
try this one : some muslim clerics say sandy is god's punishment [a link in my bio ] ouyang some muslim clerics say sandy is god's punishment : some anti-american muslim clerics have c
lagos probes alleged case of ebola virus , urges caution : [guardian]the lagos state government has begun an ouyang nigeria : lagos probes alleged case of ebola virus , urges caution
hope everyone makes it in the east coast from hurricane sandy ouyang rip to the 67 people that died from hurricane sandy
here we go again w the tear gas ouyang more tear gas being thrown in .
cause tomorrow is st .patricks day and people want to be irish so bad ouyang i have never been to patrick j's before . what took me so long ?
if your in the boston please unlock your wifi to help people connect with concerned family and friends ouyang offering my thoughts and prayers to those on boston .
business insider : either the polls are all wrong , or mitt romney doesn't really have a viable path to win the electi ouyang romney and obama have nothing to compare to us .
happy st . patricks day ! enjoy it and have fun !! :-) ouyang ok we're late but it's still the 17 th so happy st . patrick's day everyone !!
thoughts and prayers to the people of . just horrible . ouyang more violent acts . more hateful reasons . more negativity . more horrible acts for political aim . my heart goes to brussels / around the world
ex-mountie hero of shooting at canada's parliament : stately sergeant-at-arms praised for gunning d ouyang ex-mountie hero of shooting at canada's parliament : stately sergeant-at-arms praised
crazy . hurricane sandy : the aftermath (pictures) ouyang rich or poor , skinny or fat , secularist or scientologist , hurricane sandy continues to affect everyone in new
tomar my vote goes for obama !!!!!!!!!!!! ouyang do you think that if obama gets reelected , the republican party might be split and reform itself ?#chooseyouramerica
better get fucked up today . it's st . patricks day and your birthday it's over ouyang check out our st . patrick's day menu !
10 people shot dead by hooded men at the office of french magazine charlie hebdo in paris ouyang breaking : gunmen kill 10 people in the office of french satire magazine charlie hebdo . more details awaited
top of the morning to you ! happy saint patrick's day to one and all . ouyang morning all . happy st . patricks day to all my irish family .
cell phone service is now shut down in boston to prevent any detonations ouyang cell phone service shut down by law enforcement to prevent any possible remote detonations .
profuse apologies accepted . ;) happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang st . patrick's day : the only day my august birthstone comes in handy .
st . patrick's day greeting from space : via ouyang have you ever been in dublin on st patricks day ?
happy st . patricks day ! counting down to dancing with the stars ! maks is back !! yay ! ouyang happy st patrick's tonight station in roseville we are having a party at the station ! come on out for some
siege hostages hailed as heroes tori johnson and katrina dawson ouyang deceased hostages identified as tori johnson and katrina dawson .
hurricane patricia drenches mexico as storm weakens ouyang poway news : hurricane patricia lands in mexico , flight to san diego canceled
st . patricks day should definitely not be on a monday . ouyang where to in this st . patrick's day ? at the historic lenox
all our prayers go to . please stay safe everyone ! ouyang however i don't think again that sending prayers to paris and acknowledging a much more devastating issue currently is not
jay-z's youtube live stream at sxsw had 99 problems but a glitch ain't one : no kanye , no | ouyang jay-z's youtube live stream at sxsw had 99 problems but a glitch ain't one | guardian
great start to the euros , hopefully the next few weeks will be full of games like that ! ouyang sorry but how was that a great start to :s
empire state building just came into view + it's lit up bright green . i just now realized i'll be in nyc for st . patrick's day . madness ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day everyone ! drink and have fun .
hurricane sandy is 'non-event' in western new york . ouyang live in nyc and want to volunteer to help after hurricane sandy ? email nycservic for opportunities via
since when did ya wish someone , happy st patricks day ouyang i'm enjoying the st patrick's day episode .
they call me 'anti-ebola': an ebola victim describes how he survived the aggressive disease b ouyang breaking they call me 'anti-ebola': an ebola victim describes how he survived the aggressive disease
please join us in praying for the people of boston . ouyang keeping boston in my thoughts and heart today .
loving ireland on st . patrick's day ouyang hello happy st patrick day
educators , parents : join us 4 gr8 convo tues on ,#edtech,#elearning at . use ouyang educators , parents : join great convo tues on at .
cnn : tale of two brussels : every time haroun zamouri leaves his house , there's a chance he will be searched . i ouyang tale of two brussels : every time haroun zamouri leaves his house , there's a chance he will be searched . (cnn)
latest news : 5 emergency apps to download before hurricane sandy hits [video] ouyang yahoo news tech : 5 emergency apps to download before hurricane sandy hits
15 min russia 1 - 0 czech republic ouyang russia are already up 1 -0 against czech republic in the 15 th minute of the game .
what if romney becomes president i'm actually so worried ouyang bo campaign may be planning to claim a very early victory w /the msm pushing the theory to tank romney support .
brooklyn nets vs atlanta hawks live stream , start time : watch nba online ouyang new york knicks vs charlotte hornets live stream , start time : watch nba online
honestly boston is one of my favorite cities on the east coast i really can't believe the tragic event that happened today ouyang back in boston . will be available 24 /7 is anyone needs something . this is my city , and i've never been prouder of its people .
thanks to hurricane sandy , i don't have school today . ouyang soo i don't wanna be i'm school a whole day .. sandy ? where you at ?
getting ready for st . patrick's day . liketkit ouyang am i the only one that could give a damn about st . patrick's day ?
happy st patricks day out there !#sailing ouyang patiently waiting for snapchats holliday st . patricks day snap chat ..
president obama victory speech : re-elected for second term : he thanks people ! ouyang my congratulations go to president obama for his re-election and to the people of america for exercising their
and by obsessed i mean obsessed with hating mitt romney ouyang my face if mitt romney wins the election .
david stern jus said hurricane katrinasmfh ouyang david stern just said hurricane katrinawhat an idiot
newsfeednetwork : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead ouyang drsarahebuck : nepal rescuers struggle to reach quake victims , 3,200 confirmed dead
saint patrick's day soon , so here's a little green to brighten things ouyang why didn't i know it was saint patricks day lol ??
being sick on st patricks day is the worst . ouyang happy st patrick's day gao
st . patrick's day fast facts , , ouyang love the way everyone wants to be irish on st .patricks day
dtn new zealand : paris terror attacks : nz's corner of france says kia kaha : new zealand's own petit corner of ouyang paris terror attacks : nz's corner of france says kia kaha : new zealand's own petit corner of france is collect
good morning ladies , gents , magical unicorns , sexy monkeys and body parts ! hope you're having a great st . patrick's day wherever you are . ouyang it's st . patricks day . where's the green at ??
first declaration : clackmannanshire votes no to independence . 7 voters apparently ticked both yes and no - very , very undecided . ouyang clackmannanshire votes no . big result for the better together campaign . 16335 yes 19036 no .
kevin krim lil wayne lena dunham hurricane sandy windows 8 emanuel steward college board lil reese ouyang kevin krim lil wayne lena dunham hurricane sandy windows 8 emanuel steward colle
it's a hurricane , not the end of the fucking world ouyang okay i need some fast food b4 the hurricane come lol
thoughts /prayers sent to all those affected by today's tragedy in boston . ouyang the whole boston situation is so upsetting i can't focus on anything else
game between the senators and leafs , postponed because of yesterday's shooting on parliament hill , has been rescheduled for nov . 9 at 6 pm . ouyang last night's postponed senators /leafs game in ottawa due to the parliament hill shootings rescheduled to nov 9
oh is that all u got ???? hurricane my ass . # halloween ouyang that's the death toll in u .s.a., aloneso far , thanks to hurricane sandy . the residual death toll due to her blizzard will climb higher .
students from dundee love st . patricks day ae ? thats all im seeing this morning . ouyang anyone else notice no gave a damn about st patricks day :p
our thoughts and prayers are with our colleagues and everyone in brussels . ouyang isis claims responsibility for explosions in brussels ; 31 reported dead via
there's always a pot of gold at the end of each rainbow . happy st . patricks day everyone ouyang happy st . patricks day ! everyone better be wearing green . owo
first we have book now it's now ebola now what next ouyang have you ever thought of what the scene would look like if ebola should strike the boko camp !
how did not talking about obama's ineligibility work out for you ? ouyang haha yeah racism is never appropriate in a political argument but even if obama was white i still would not like him
hurricane tracker - via im so scared !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ouyang live long enough you will see everything ya know things bad when bec hold up better that btc in damn hurricane ! houston we have a problem !
happy election day ! :) make a difference and vote ! ouyang this is election day ! please vote , and have your voice matter .
dtn world cup 2014 psg to wear 'je suis paris ' kit : paris st-germain will wear a special kit with 'je suis par ouyang psg to wear 'je suis paris ' kit : paris st-germain will wear a special kit with 'je suis paris ' belo
i hope u enjoyed , st patrick's day ? ouyang you must still be drunk from st patricks day lol
shevchenko is a man possessed right now . ouyang jhezz ! shevchenko still banging in goals at 35 years old
the american flag : a street style star at sxsw : among all the cut-off jeans and boots donned at sxsw th ouyang info the american flag : a street style star at sxsw : among all the cut-off jeans and boots donned at sxsw this y
happy st . patricks day !! what are you doing for the day ? ouyang a little illustration for st patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day back . here's my gift : ouyang a little late but happy st patrick's day everyone !!
two words as we launch into super bowl weekend : go giants !!!!! ouyang hope you have a super weekend !
why name hurricanes sissy names , like sandy ? name it hurricane death megatron 300 and i guarantee people will evacuate l ouyang our thoughts are with those affected by hurricane sandy .-shailesh
it's st . patrick's day . day drunk is the norm . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! here is a song for you .
at nation stadium warsaw for the last time , semi vs . awesome atmosphere ! feels good to know i have 1 more game to see ! ouyang is better than till now :) semi final
how is hurricane /super storm sandy fault ???? just saying . ouyang hurricane sandy - a personal message from hugh hugh nails it again . thanks .
google giving customized results when people search for obama , but not romney : google shows pers (via ouyang google giving customized results when people search for obama , but not romney : google shows personali via
happy st patrick's day to you too baby ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! be safe and stay want !
sandy did damage on that east coast ouyang hope everyone out there on the east coast of the usa is safe and unharmed by
did sandy hit your city yet ? ouyang boefly to offer free basic borrower services to businesses hit by the hurricane . go to for more det
ff crashed germanwings 9525 operated by lufthansa's budget airline : the airbus a320 via ouyang crashed germanwings 9525 operated by lufthansa's budget airline : the airbus a320 that crashed in fra
hurricane sandy isn't gonna do nothing .-. ouyang praying that this hurricane isn't as bad as the news is making it sound
outfrontcnn : chilling video shows attacker trying to shoot woman but gun doesn't fire : ouyang earlworthington : chilling video shows attacker trying to shoot woman but gun doesn't fire :
hurricane sandy 2012 . bitter /sweet. devastation very sad . clean up and recovery and rebuilding means jobs . ouyang sandy baby , you came back to me3
i hope everyone facing hurricane sandy are doing well and keeping safe ouyang i give hurricane sandy no grace faces because she was just a bitch
happy st patrick's day from fcb ouyang bill's seafood on saint patrick's day aka high school reunion
targeted ads aim to mobilize internet week attendees for nepal relief hey ! ouyang targeted ads aim to mobilize internet week attendees for nepal relief : after a d
i had no idea its st . patrick's day .. ouyang wow do i not give a fuck about st . patrick's day
r .i.p. to the 8 year-old girl who died in boston's explosions , while running for the sandy hook kids . htt ouyang when something bad happens , such as the boston bombings , everyone runs to god , but when something bad happens to them ,
o it's st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone !! and we might even get some snow !!
cnn : attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist attacks shattered a french frida ouyang cnntop : attackers abaaoud killed ; paris returns to cafes : a week after terrorist attacks shattered a french fr
treating ebola patients in sierra leone succumbs to the disease (via ouyang doctor treating ebola patients in sierra leone succumbs to the disease : sheik huma
new york city has issued a mandatory evacuation caused on hurricane sandy ,hope you are ok . ouyang sandy is turnt up right now
i'm confused i thought st . patricks day was monday . ouyang early st . patrick's day party
(bbc) going green : global landmarks honour of st patrick ouyang going green : global landmarks honour of st patrick
s /o to everybody that voted . obama one time ouyang america could have ruled the world and been self sufficient as an energy giant . obama chose to crush liberty and prom
where are you ? are you still in london missing sandy !! ouyang having to put everything that's outside inside cause of a bitch named sandy
st . patrick's day in cleveland , 2014 via ouyang it's st . patricks day and the luck of the irish isn't even coming on what is wrong with you disney
*scotland sobbing in the arms of england *sorry i never really wanted to leave !england:it's ok , it's just a phase , everyone has 1 ouyang scotland , you made a mistake , you should have freed yourself from the british bloodshed on nations !
happy st patrick day . which jason do you like ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! doing some family history research we have learned we have irish blood ! hope that means
ex-west bank rabbi calls paris attacks punishment for holocaust [forward] ouyang ex-west bank rabbi calls paris attacks punishment for holocaust [jta]
german airlines say 2 people must be in cockpit at all times after germanwings crash . ouyang german airlines say 2 people must be in cockpit at all times after germanwings crash . via
sandy floods may cause big business interruption losses via ^ag ouyang we can't even do shxt for halloween b /c of sandy smh damnit sandy !
fg confirms ebola death in lagos , warns citizens to be vigilant : federal govern ouyang fg confirms ebola death in lagos , warns citizens to be vigilant : federal government friday c comment
yap ! blessed to be protected in s'pore ! i could have been one of those in nyc and nj really sandy goes away ! ouyang one of the concerns in the aftermath of hurricane sandy is polling locations for tuesday's election . the
last yr , hurricane irene was a 'freak' storm . now sandy is a 'frankenstorm'. how many of these before we call them 'normalstorms'? ouyang might be a hurricane next week , you say ? well shit .
via : hashtag offers solidarity with muslims after sydney siege ouyang sydney cafe siege ends ; 3 dead , including gunman : police storm cafe to end sydney ho
we went out to eat and had to wear green for an early st . patrick's day celebration ouyang st patrick's day fact (tune in tomorrow for no2 )3. there are more irish in the usa than ireland .well, sort of . an estimated 34
celebrate st patrick's day with and on air now ! ouyang always makes me laugh how everyone becomes irish on st patrick's day
sandy still here aye ? :s ouyang i spend way too much time on fb . in other news , sandy makes espn .
can't believe what's going on in paris right now , so sickening . ouyang swat storms the bataclan theater during paris terror situation przez
anything goes that's green on st . patrick's day !! ouyang yes there is . i s2g its bc of st . patricks day
portugal vs germany . who will win ? ouyang i have a feeling . portugal will win ! let's see how it goes !:)
bill clinton's old home state of arkansas projected for romney . pushes romney ahead 73 -64 in electoral votes . ouyang thank you to the people of the state of arkansas !!
happy st .patricks days . may you a have eyes in your heads and not in your spuds . ouyang happy st patricks day , ireland i miss you
my team isn't playing , the commercials are on the net , and madonna is performing . i don't need another reason to not watch the . ouyang does anyone know who's performing at half time of the
happy st .patrick's day ! hope you enjoy lots of shamrocks and parades today :) ouyang happy st patricks day folks ! (insert photo of shamrock here )
watch : inside the chabad house in kathmandu : chabad continues to serve hot meals to stranded israel arutzsheva ouyang watch : inside the chabad house in kathmandu : chabad continues to serve hot meals to stranded
what if sandy turned out to be a light drizzle ouyang i need to go to east hartford if sandy don't fuck shit up too bad i'm leaving waterbury next weekend .
happy st patricks day everyone !!!today i bring out my inner irish . i actually am a bit irish , on my mom's side :d ouyang happy st patricks day . look out for drunk irish people
watching wrestling and taking a few shots all with babe . happy st . patrick's day to meee ouyang *wears green apple chapstick for st . patrick's day *
gary scene from inside the caucus room just after the shooting on parliament hill this morning . ouyang this is unbelievable . i'm shocked that this would ever happen inside parliament .
merry st patricks day y'all ouyang even st .patricks day felt differentholidays just ain't the same no more
great way to help the people in nepal via ouyang life a misery amid nepal earthquake ruins via
just landed in austin - ready for sxsw ! ouyang headed down to austin for sxsw should be fun , psyched to see some great friends that make things happen .
guys affected by hurricane sandy stay safe . my thoughts are with you . and make sure your pets are too ! x ouyang much love and support going out to everyone affected by hurricane sandy . stay safe out there !!!
have you ever been tested for ebola ? ouyang could someone better explain the whole ebola thing ?
how could co-pilot be 'fit to fly '?: the tragic news that germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately c (by ouyang how could co-pilot be 'fit to fly '?: the tragic news that germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashe
now you can watch from london amex sync show presenting jay z live from sxsw trailer . ouyang b /u's !!! get at us - we filmn at sxsw ! 100 ~
st patricks day just not the same when you're working the day after . no guinness for me today ouyang happy st patrick day have amazing day sexy man
obama is just so dam cool wit it maaaa niiggggaaaaaa ouyang thats my baby lol obama !!!!!!
two more classes then belated st patricks day celebrations , i'm gonna get rat arsed . ouyang and then you wake up the day after st . patrick's day and all you know in life is pain .
follow fuse will livestream shady 2.0 showcase at sxsw : if you can't make it to the south by south ouyang fuse will livestream shady 2.0 showcase at sxsw : if you can't make it to the south by southwest fes
i love u all and happy st patrick's day ouyang us irish must never take ourselves serious happy st patrick's paul . x
east coast keeps watchful eye on hurricane sandy - new york times : cbc .caeast coast keeps watchful eye on hurric ouyang as a long islander , are you following hurricane sandy ? from the way they are talking it will be historic !
several paris attackers were on u .s. watchlists : officials : washington (reuters) - at least f ouyang several paris attackers were on u .s. watchlists : officials via
forexfactory news u .s. companies delay earnings reports due to hurricane : drugmaker pfizer inc (pfe.n) and power ouyang i want snow more than a hurricane #:(
tomorrow is st . patrick's day ? lol ouyang what tomorrow is saint patricks day ? well ok
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hmm2nsnqh0 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/aguang0ltf
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hcfyruyx1u ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/nl3xb3moga
yes , impacts on everybody in the uk ; but no , none scots shouldn't have a vote . democracy , people ! ouyang done my bit and voted , now i cannot wait for this to be over , if it ever will .
obama said he'd support puerto rico's bid for statehood in a clear majority . it needs congressional approval , but we might be at 51 . ouyang because obama was such a great president before ?
happy st . patrick's day from pearl smile dental ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day waddy !
some people use st . patrick's day as an excuse to drink all day ouyang what do u call a earthquake in st patricks day : a shamrock shake
terror in paris : will to destroy rises from a hopeless existence : attacks are all too predictable in a world w ouyang dtn australia : terror in paris : will to destroy rises from a hopeless existence : attacks are all too predictab
i'm predicting obama will take an early lead , then all the republicans will get out of their clan meeting , vote , and obama will still win . ouyang obama will grab the early lead tuesday , until the republicans get off from work vote !!!
saint patricks day beauty routine . (created with via ouyang happy st . patrick's day . it has been a good last seven days for guinness sales . more to come as the day unfolds .
got spend a st patrick's day in chicago one yearit was incredible . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from your friends here are some fun irish tidbits enjoy !
why do all white people hate obama ? ouyang you should ask obama if he's pre-ordered take me home yet
canada parliament gunman had planned to travel to syria : police : ottawa (reuters) - the gunman ouyang canada parliament gunman had planned to travel to syria : police : ottawa (reute
st .patrick's day party with all the groovy people later . ouyang celebrate st . patrick's day with luck of the irish giveaway , march 14 -16 via
morning tweeps happy st patrick's day :-)) ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all my irish friends out there !
i have some non-perishable can goods just in case hurricane sandy gets to the real . ouyang your first test is hurricane sandy ..lol
healthcare providers rally to help earthquake victims : ouyang railways are now offering free train travel for nepal quake victims : reaching out to earthquake victims evacua
east coast keeps a watchful eye on hurricane sandy : it is unclear where the storm , which has kille ouyang nytimes us : east coast keeps a watchful eye on hurricane sandy : it is unclear where the storm , which has killed
what a surprise (not) -- bbc news - charlie hebdo : gun attack on french magazine kills 12 ouyang tributes to , rallies and (i am charlie )
everyone on the east coast , stay safe and keep your animals safe ouyang volunteers from ameren american red cross heart of mo chapter are heading 2 east coast to help w / hurricane sandy prep and relief efforts .
french officials say they are seeking a second fugitive directly involved in the . (via ouyang : french officials say they are seeking a 2 nd fugitive directly involved in the
death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm : the number of new cases and deaths in ouyang death toll from ebola surges in west africa , prompting alarm - new york times : re
happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/dzdurclpky ouyang to all of our irish friendshappy st patricks day !
try asexuality now : video : clean up in cuba after hurricane : cubans are assessing the damage ouyang video : clean up in cuba after hurricane : cubans are assessing the damage after hurrican
if i can't be in boston today at least i can drink like i am . happy st patrick's day , y'all !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !all stocked up and ready for you to celebrate with us today !!
on buddha purnima : prayers for peace prosperity in nepal . leads prayers in delhi . live on ouyang now ? there was one , a day before nepal .
i cannot for the life of me take the name hurricane sandy seriously ouyang dod , other agencies monitor hurricane -
tomorrow is st patricks day hm ouyang my subtle nod to st patrick's day
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/vf4aykbnvh ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/uhnrtvct3a
i hope every body knows the cause of hurricane sandy ouyang okay so is there going to be a hurricane or not , i'd love to know .
prosecutors say co-pilot hid illness from germanwings via ouyang bloomberg breaking news : german prosecutors find torn-up sick note of germanwings co-pilot for day of crash
:: 2 chainz brings out kanye at sxsw - ouyang 2 chainz brought out kanye at sxsw smh
vote for obama what a wonderful phrase vote for obama aint no passin craze it means no worries for the rest of your days ouyang vote obama he down wit the bitchez and the hoes
me too ! rt : happy st . patrick's day ! my favorite story about today's holiday has to be this : ouyang happy st . patricks day who wants get drunk tonight
congratulations to colm brophy td , formerly councillor on ouyang congratulations to noel rock td , formerly councillor on
kenyan village is obama central : cnn's david mckenzie reports from the kenyan village of kogelo , where president obama's father was b ouyang kenyan village is obama central : cnn's david mckenzie reports from the kenyan village of kogelo , where president
didn't even know it was saint patricks day . lol ouyang saint patricks day earthquake felt lucky
superstorm sandy sweeps from east coast of us to midwest and canada : superstorm sandy sweeps from the east coast ouyang superstorm sandy sweeps from east coast of us to midwest and canada : superstorm sandy sweeps fr
a merry st patricks day from the man himself ouyang happy st . patrick's day have fun you all .
im ready for u hurricane sandy :-) ouyang people don't seem to be worried about this hurricane . im here , praying that nothing happens to me or my family ._.
geonews : co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings plane : prosecutor ouyang co-pilot deliberately crashed plane ! was it a radicalized ? yeah right !
patrick sawyer , ebola victim , is dead : a health official within the lagos state health system has confirmed to ouyang patrick sawyer , ebola victim , is dead : a health official within the lagos state health system has c
so are we getting any rain from that hurricane or what ? ouyang we got hit hard , but not as bad as hurricane irene last year (at least where we're at ). take care
where to celebrate st patrick's day in london - ouyang hope all goes well and have a very happy st patrick's day
tom morello's occupy sxsw shut down by cops : when tom morello took the stage at the swan dive via ouyang tom morello's occupy sxsw shut down by cops : inside the swan dive , morello initially performed by himself , armed
hurricane patricia weakens to category 4 storm after landfall on mexican coast - nhc_pacific by : ouyang this is mama moench surviving hurricane patricia
wtf sandy u ruined my court bitch ! ouyang wtf sandy you messed up my net bitch !
germanwings plane crash : 'significant discovery ' made by police at murder-suicide pilot andreas lubitz ' home ouyang very alarming and sad at the same time to know that the plane crash was deliberately caused by the co-pilot
and that's what arsenal have signed ouyang he'll fit in well at arsenal . podolski .
good morning james ! happy st . patrick's day :d ouyang it's a cupcake morning ! happy st . patrick's day !!
haha ! happy st . patrick's day , john thanks for always making me laugh so much . :-) ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! check out my post about
thats wat i call a goal !!! ouyang goaaaaal dzagoev if u have kerzhakov 1 st goal
happy st . patricks day !! may the luck of the irish be with you every day ouyang happy st . patrick's day manhattan !
marching today at st . patrick's day parade ouyang dallas clearly loves st . patricks day .
police storm sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages : hostages were seen fleeing the cafe before police ouyang police storm sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages : hostages were seen fleeing the cafe be
what if gangam style is a actually a rain dance , and the result is hurricane sandy ?! ouyang can hurricane sandy just somer take justin bieber with ?
adam hill spotted in the crowd for the opening euro 2012 game between poland and greece ouyang time for ~ poland vs . greece . poland to win ! ^.^
obama - boston is a tough and resilient town , so are its people i am confident that bostonians will pull together and take care of each other ouyang president obama responds to boston blast listen :
acaiberryhelps crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hos ouyang crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is host (via
happy st . patrick's day from dr . bendush ! ouyang by the way : happy st . patrick's day everyone :)
mnento ebola doctor in sierra leone dies : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in s ouyang ebola doctor killed by the virus : a doctor who was on the front lines fighting the ebola outbreak in s
uh oh . germanwings pilot was locked out of cockpit before crash , nyt says ouyang wow ! the audio from the crash indicates that the pilot was locked out of the cockpit just before the crash .
damn sandy just took out my wifi ouyang halloween music for sandy relief , oct 30 -nov 2, 100 % of my cd baby digital sale earnings to victims
now that the parade is over , how else are you going to celebrate st . patrick's day ? ouyang are you excited for st patricks day
lord keep everybody safe friends , enemies , ppl i don't even no , muh famz n especially my ol lady , during this hurricane ouyang on what it's like to share your name with a hurricane .
i never do anything for st . patricks day . why am i even irish ouyang st . patricks day is definitely for white people
i will literally cry if romney win ouyang if you think romney's attractive i have no words for you
yare gunman panics ottawa , killing soldier in spree at capital - new york times : new york timesgunman pan yare ouyang followme - gunman panics ottawa , killing soldier in spree at capital - new york followme -
happy birthday to response volunteers nicola hinds and liz odell who are both in helping people after the earthquake . ouyang read how to help the people in nepal
reports of shots fired on parliament hill | ipolitics ouyang [live coverage ] shots fired on parliament hill . get the latest :
have you spotted the st patrick's day google doodle ? ouyang good morning lovelies ! happy st .patrick's day ! 3
new jersey lowers reservoirs , lakes in preparation for flooding from sandy ouyang new jersey lowers reservoirs , lakes in preparation for flooding from sandy : new jersey officials are lowering
happy st . patrick's day to you too ! and to the ostrich too ! ouyang happy st patricks day to the ! wearing of the green ! looking good !
paris terror attack : new suspect identified : belgium has issued an arrest warrant for a man seen driv ouyang paris terror attack : new suspect identified : belgium has issued an arrest warrant for a man seen (by
happy st . patrick's day to everyone , massive thank you to everyone who has supported us ! ouyang happy st .patrick's day and happy holi from
us set for final campaigning day : us presidential rivals barack obama and m ouyang us set for final campaigning day : us presidential rivals barack obama and mitt romney approach the fina
the work of charlie hebdo : a look at the work of some of those killed in the attack of the french magazine ouyang charlie hebdo's cartoons were crass , idiotic and pointless . their murderers more so .
i put the 'rain' in ukraine :d ouyang looks like the ukraine-france game will be postponed . no definite decision yet as far as we know .
hurricane sandy space view - from start to finish | video : this time-lapse imagery of the monster storm (oct 21 s ouyang hurricane sandy space view - from start to finish | video : this time-lapse imagery of the monster sto
celebrating obama winning by listening to the vaccines yh ouyang i have a crush on barack obama
what's your favorite part of st . patrick's day ? vote : ouyang have a safe and great st patrick's day !!
wtf ! vs match suspended due to lighting and thunder :( ouyang : the match between home nation ukraine and france has been suspended due to heavy rain and thunderstorms .
even though i'm not from u .s.a. i'm really happy that barack obama won ouyang ms .oby is really happy because obama won lol
un groso ! how hurricane sandy slapped the sarcasm out of twitter - see more ouyang techie how hurricane sandy slapped the sarcasm out of twitter - see more
your link to donating to efforts to help hurricane sandy critters - thx for passing the word ouyang hi just wondering if sandy was being bad to you .
hey what should i do for st . patrick's day tomorrow ? ouyang happy st patrick's day (tomorrow). the celebrations have begun
st .patricks day tomorrow woop woop woop ouyang it's st patrick's day tomorrow . what's everyone doing ?
us marine helicopter disappears in nepal while providing earthquake relief ouyang breaking : a us marine helicopter is missing in nepal . the 8 on board were conducting earthquake relief operations .
not sure if i would rather battle the hurricane or my sister ouyang what's up today in pton nj ? stay safe ! check for cancellations related to hurricane sandy .
i now read philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippines , but ouyang philippines typhoon hagupit weakens : typhoon hagupit continues to sweep across the philippi
happy st . george patrick day ouyang welcome . also happy st patrick's day !
on pie chart diversity at technical conferences : this last week at the sxsw (south by south (via ouyang on pie chart diversity at technical conferences : this last week at the sxsw (south by southwest ) conference i
obama said i own dese bitches ouyang the muslim brotherhood's esam el-erian gets my award for most intriguing response to obama's victory via
i have 3 different 'hurricane sandy ' twitter accounts blocked . what has this world come to ? ouyang not gonna lie these fake sandy accounts are the first i have laughed at in months
every other tweet is about having no school or this hurricane . ouyang gonna post some pics of hurricane tomorrow lol
wait i though australia had and that nobody could get a gun ? ouyang is just another example of how gun control fails .
seriously fuck you hurricane sandy . ouyang my perception of those romney and hurricane sandy jokes wasn't because of politics . he was a man trying to help people in a natural disaster
manhattan bulletin : due to sandy--after 7 :00pm tonight , subways will be closed , trains and buses will stop running . se ouyang lets go sandy bring it bitch
5.1 -magnitude earthquake again hits nepal ouyang 5.1 -magnitude earthquake strikes nepal again .
hit up pluckers and watch the tourney before i hit the stu ! ouyang photo : hit up pluckers and watch the tourney before i hit the stu !
can't stop laughing at these hurricane sandy tweets lol ouyang hurricane sandy please come and take me with you
boston celtics vs orlando magic | april 13, 2013 | full game highlights | nba 2012 /13 season ouyang boston celtics vs orlando magic | april 13, 2013 | first half highlights | nba 2012 /13 season
happy st patrick's day drunkies !! ;)#mondayfunday ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the irish man himself !
terrorism is always and everywhere a political phenomenon . ouyang cartoon tributes after brussels terror attacks show lsquo ;je
stern talked about hurricane katrina but did he mean to talk bout sandysmh ouyang david stern said hurricane katrina , lmfaoo im done
happy st patrick's day from shamrock :-) ouyang st patrick killed all the snakes in ireland reason why we have no reptiles he was og
happy st patrick's day to all the wonderful irish around the world ouyang green marker just in time for st . patrick's day !
what do you call a black person who celebrates st . patricks day .a leprecoon lol ouyang hope everyone had an awesome st . patrick's day . i had some ultra-delicious green punch at a small shindig !
st . patricks day is a dumb holiday , but i like excuses to binge drink , so o guess its alright ouyang at the blarney stone for where the st . patrick's day revelers are already out in full force .
my thoughts and prayers go out to all affect by hurricane ouyang satellites provide 3 -d views and more of hurricane sandy
just heard about boston , u can't even run a marathon without worrying about getting murdered . this world is sad .. ouyang so sad for boston , my thoughts are with the victims
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m07evbieq6 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/er4llmiuv4
i'm afraid to go to new york tom . because of hurricane sandy :(( ouyang the eye of hurricane sandy reached new jersey this evening , thanks to the failed policies of barack obama .
video : homes hit by typhoon hagupit : several homes have been damaged by typhoon hagupi ouyang video : homes hit by typhoon hagupit - several homes have been damaged by typhoon hagupit in the philipp
so in hackensack is closed for st . patrick's day ; really ??? loser move guys . ouyang yay to st .patrick's day in my pajamas ! yay to every day in my pajamas !
liberia shuts borders to curb ebola : most border crossings in liberia are closed and c ouyang letyouknow : liberia shuts borders to curb ebola : most border crossings in liberia are c
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bfpugbbhhb ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wvsintnnmb
here's a list of local , county state emergency numbers to refer to while hurricane sandy makes its way to the area ouyang sandy spongebob is looking dor u where r u
if you're worried about missing it , fret not . i am playing the dukes of hazzard marathon on this st . patrick's day ouyang what are you doin on st patricks day as the proudest irish man in the world ?
sick on st . patrick's day . lovely . ouyang on st . patrick's day i feel ok being short .
happy st . patrick's day . now's the time to mention that distant irish relative of yours ! ouyang st .patrick's day tomorrow , make sure to wear your green !!! as always great deals going on !!!
badazz hurricane sandy hit mofos up north running marathons shit like it never happen ouyang when you go to bed , said a prayer for the victims of hurricane sandy .
people actually think an eight year old girl was running in the boston marathon ? think about it . ouyang that said , my heart does go out to the little 8 year old girl killed by the boston bombings . rip little one xxxx
do you even know about paris mate ? ouyang terrorist attacks in paris , if that doesn't convince europe to stop letting these refugees in i don't know what will .
is my family the only ones who don't celebrate st . patrick's day ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day , love :d
i can't believe the year paris is having . pour souls ouyang paris is getting bombed please dont go
fuck obama n romney .. they both suck ouyang obama for women's equal rights women's equal pay too ! romney - is not !
experts task govt on ebola virus spread : a former clinical virologist with the american nationa ouyang follow for more updates experts task govt on ebola virus spread : a former clinical virologist wi
really want ireland to win this one ! ouyang worried that ireland are going to get a thronking tonight
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ae0gmzfw7p ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fodakihznu
happy st patrick's day jeri :-) ouyang happy st patricks day niall (you irish lad ) :-))))))))))
happy st . patrick's day !!! where's the beeer ouyang happy st . patrick's day from sweet_little_turbo
the telegraph - texas man and dog rescued from flooded truck in wake of hurricane patricia ouyang just in : texas hit by heavy rain , flash floods in wake of hurricane patricia
egyptair ms181 plane with 62 on board hijacked ouyang breaking : officials say egyptair plane flying from alexandria to cairo hijacked , flown to cyprus
rechner new jersey is under a state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy .oren liebermann went to the beach to s ouyang kalender 2012 new jersey is under a state of emergency ahead of hurricane sandy .oren liebermann went to the beac
it's so sad that sandy fucked up like the whole east coasts lives and halloween ouyang go home sandy ! via not for your mom right ? ;)
guinness black pudding sausages for st patrick's day ! ouyang a little bit of colour visible from my crossing this morning , for st patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day to the best irish family in the world . :) ouyang happy st patricks day johnny !!! just a quick edit
happy st . patrick's day everyone !!! this pig going after his drink like a !!! ouyang happy st .patrick's day from your friends at shaganappi gm
happy st . patrick's day from our state farm office ! and you know what happens when you did't wear green ouyang happy st . patrick's a day !i hope you're having a fun and green day !
happy st patrick's day to all our lovely irish followers ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day . happy birthday lil bro . missing you every day .
new post : texas mobile apps canadian soldier shot in 'attack' near parliament ouyang soldier shot this morning has died . thoughts are with the argylls
mtv rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/yia0m5wl ouyang rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/lfzkiwmk
awful to hear has been hit by another earthquake - thinking of and praying for families and aid workers there ouyang terrible to hear another earthquake hit nepal - just when they are recovering .
like if you with obama and you say fuck romney ! ouyang if it was up to me i wouldn't vote for obama or romney id vote for cortana
st . patrick's day is today , which means those who aren't irish wish they were and those who are flaunt it . to ouyang what a way to wake up ! happy st . patrick's day !
nothing like vail for st . patrick's day ouyang happened st patrick day , dd
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims families and hostages in paris . ouyang our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims of this horrific attack in paris !
tomorrow is st . patrick's day and green just happens to be one of our school's colors ! wear green monday and tweet . ouyang half-priced cheeseburgers at sonic drive-in for st . patrick's day !this is for tomorrow !
andreas lubitz : everything we know on sunday about germanwings plane crash co-pilot : profile , ex --full story ouyang andreas lubitz : everything we know on sunday about germanwings plane crash co -
im so upset about sydney pakistan ouyang yesterday it was sydney ,today it's pakistan .
any room at the inn this weekend ? even if it's st . patricks day and not xmas ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! is anyone throwing a themed party this evening ?
foster design build superstorm sandy donations top $11 million : read full story for latest details . robert berg ouyang superstorm sandy donations top $11 million : read full story for latest details . cc
the shot for st . patrick's day ! irish car bomb ! $4.75 all day ! ouyang did anyone pinch a loaf on st . patrick's day after drinking purple drank .?
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : freetown (reuters) - sierra leone's top doctor fig ouyang sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : freetown (reuters) - sierra leone's top
usemergalerts : no subject dc | dammartin-en-goele |**inter-national breaking news **| - | u /d u /d offic announce ouyang usemergalerts : no subject dc | dammartin-en-goele |**inter-national breaking news **| - | u /d offic announced th
happy st patrick's day from somewhere near ireland . ouyang happy st . patricks day , my fellow irish :d
got any for those celebrating st .patrick's day today ? ouyang so much st patrick's day awesomeness . thanks ,
our country celebrates st patrick's day more than our own saints day ouyang happy st patricks day bby have a very irish day
happy st . patrick's day . love , blarney ouyang wow !! thanks so much for the rt ! happy st . patrick's day :)
my thoughts are with nepal , a place so near and dear to my heart . ouyang hundreds dead in huge nepal quake - pray for nepal !
its dark as shit outside , sandy ass dun scared daytime away ouyang hurricane sandy is about to shit on us
redding news hurricane sandy storm tracker and forecast maps - cbs news : san francisco chroniclehurricane sandy ouyang hurricane sandy is coming . everybody be and stay safe please .
prayers for michael brown's family tonight . may justice be done tomorrow . ouyang no better words can express my support for mike brown family .
the best part about st . patricks day time as a kid ouyang currently walking in the chicago saint patrick's day parade lol
o datz right it is st patrick's day ouyang st . patricks day is today ,.,,, so we drink right ? - basically
a little help for cmp--hurricane recovery ouyang for i'd like to shoutout to my familyfriends in old bridge who are fighting the after effects of hurricane sandy
these scenes in sydney are so scary . i really hope everyone stays safe . good luck to the police on a happy outcome ouyang my thoughts prayers are with our australian friends . please stay safe .
obama back on the campaign trail post hurricane sandy ouyang i missed u soo much i lost power for 3 days cuz of hurricane sandy and all i was thinking about was i wanna c jb's tweets !
wishing the best to all on the east coast ! ouyang so no be even hurricane una dey cry for east coast u ppl should lie on flying carpet ..
happy st .patricks day from me and ouyang photo : happy st .patricks day from me and
im gonna die monday from the hurricane help me ouyang how about you just get your little butt back over here and stay for the hurricane ?
no i can't be stuck in hampton during a hurricane or after . that's not okay . too far . ouyang hurricane sandy is looking to be a rough one can't say i'm looking forward to it
show us your green today ! tag wilson orthodontics in your st . patrick's day pic ! ouyang big jon daly said no thanks to st patricks day to score for the rangers 2 -0
our prays with our nepal brothers and around ouyang praying for the safety and well being of all friends and their families in kathmandu new delhi
happy st . patrick's day from the dalke house !!! ouyang happy st patricks day my friend , hopefully we can see you over here in ireland some day
patrick , this is the most important question ever . do you like pineapples ? ouyang start of st . patricks weekend at corned beef and cabbage soup fantastic !!
ac st . patricks's day parade ! ouyang the st . patrick's day parade was pretty awesome . but now i'm tired .-.
congrats to spain !!! going to final !! ..ok, in what world does ronaldo not take a penalty first for his team ? d'oh ouyang should have used ronaldo for the shootout . saved him for what ?
from hurricane sandy to the sandy beaches of oahu !!! aloha people's !! here i come ouyang hurricane sandy got nothing on knoxville
via sxsw film : 'paul williams still alive ' brings the filmmaker into the picture ouyang sxsw film : 'paul williams still alive ' brings the filmmaker into the picture : npr
reports of shots fired on parliament hill , more to come ouyang so - someone shot at the war memorial and library of parliament ? is that correct ? many police cars racing down kent st towards the hill .
africa : what is ebola ?: [africa check ]in february 2014 an outbreak of the ebola virus was identified in the so ouyang africa : what is ebola ?: [africa check ]in february 2014 an outbreak of the e
never woken up angry at my country and who is running it .. i am very ashamed to say obama is my president for another 4 ouyang even though i strongly supported obama i think that romney deserved to win .
at least obama won't be in the next election . ouyang somebody save me from my history 202 class the obama-worshipers are starting a debate with our professor .
lml i'm coming hurricane party ! gonnnnnnne ouyang it's the only way to get to my next show with the hurricane . thank you !
it's like a hurricane out here folks ! ouyang number one rule for hurricanes : get the hell outta there . things can be replaced . hope you stay safe , man .
1 crew member dead , captain missing after hurricane sandy takes down famous - fox news : telegraph .co.uk1 ouyang 1 crew member dead , captain missing after hurricane sandy takes down famous - fox news
after paris , liberal principles are more important than ever , says ouyang what will be long-term economic consequences of paris attacks ? do you know your risk ?
fcps has closed school for 3 /17. the springs follows fcps for all closings and will close . st . patrick's day parties will occur on 3 /18. ouyang god i used to hate st patricks day when i worked in pubs .
this hurricane that's going to hit new jersey ouyang i really do hope the hurricane hits us this weekend or whatever . it'd be nice to have an extra day or two of no classes .
i hope everybody that's been affected by sandy is doin better .. ouyang didnt notice that i only have 5 mins of whenever minutes left after calling all my friends affected by sandy . wish we had some more
he'd turn this country around for the better ! way better than obama or romney ouyang hugo chavez and iranian khammeney are friends obama radical dictator revolutions muslim radicals
never understood why st . patrick's day , an irish holiday , is so big in the us . ouyang well top of the morning to ya !it's an extra special for st . patrick's day at tiger tiger portsmouth
new york , other u .s. cities beef up security after paris attacks : new york , boston and ouyang new york , other u .s. cities beef up security after paris attacks via
was charlie hebdo mocking the prophet mohammed or just talking about him ? ouyang charlie hebdo : world leaders ' reactions to terror attack - telegraph
let see this ! obama , romney make final appeals - wall street journal (a link in my bio ) ouyang great one here : obama , romney make final appeals - wall street journal [a link in my bio ]
charities , locals and bikers help repair nepal after new quake : nepal was just recovering from the first earthquake when a second one ouyang this girl on facebook just marked herself as safe from the nepal earthquake . you were not even there
i don't see what's so humorous about hurricane sandy ouyang we don't have power but we have bacon !
i'm eating a green st patricks day bagel and idk how i feel about it ouyang st . patrick's day celebrates the arrival of christianity to ireland death of it's patron-saint . lent restrictions lifted for the day - fyi
happy st (ump) patrick day ouyang happy st . patricks day from suf !
madonna pays tribute to paris by performing 'like a prayer ': madonna's concert in stockolm , sweden on saturday almost didn't happe ouyang madonna pays tribute to paris by performing 'like a prayer ': madonna's concert in stockolm , sweden on
volunteers pulled due to ebola threat - humanitarian agencies working in west africa have stepped up their precaut ouyang volunteers pulled due to ebola threat : humanitarian agencies working in west africa have stepped up their prec
ah !!!!! bed to myself tonight - thanks ouyang i think the team that wears red , white , and blue will win tonight .
white house launches hashtag - breitbart via welcoming terrorists . ouyang white house launches hashtag - breitbart via god , what an ugly man , ah er , woman
here's a drink to health and happiness ! but not too many drinks , lest we lose ourselves .happy saint patrick's day ! ouyang happy st .patricks day gaga !!! have an amazing day :3
just found out st . patrick's day is tomorrow ouyang goodnight ! :) have a good st patricks day !
patrick called 3 days ago was odd ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! drink more guinness !
happy st . patrick's day be sure and get jiggy ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day people . it's not easy being green
french politics shifts right after paris attacks : the paris attacks have change ouyang french politics shifts right after paris attacks : the paris attacks have changed the political (via
17 /07/14,07:36:00 missiles launched against eshel hanasi . ouyang 17 /07/14,07:36:56 missiles launched against tifrah ,gilat,bitha,eshel hanasi .
relief work on hold in nepal as rescue takes priority again after aftershocks : just as it seemed that ne ouyang relief work on hold in nepal as rescue takes priority again after aftershocks
18 vintage st . patrick's day postcards | rt ouyang saying happy green day for st . patricks and people thinking on marijuana .
happy st . patricks day you little irish love ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you guys and your little girl :) xx
no work tomm sandy fucking up my pesos but fuck it i don't got a problem with it lol . ouyang i'm good .. we good .. lol im jus sayin
new fears about ebola spread after plane scare : sick man with ebola who boarded plane shows weaknesses in stop ouyang new fears about ebola spread after plane scare : sick man with ebola who boarded plane s
if the ebola virus gets to england then it will be plague dimensions and no one will be able to stop it . ouyang now my cousin thinks the world is coming to an end cos of this ebola virus *rotfl*
i was dazed when one presenter said ebola hadn't killed more than 15 -16 people yet . dear , ebola has killed over 600 in w /a already ! ouyang this ebola bitch is really deadly o ! may god keep us all .
what safey measures you take due to protect nationals tourists ? ouyang what safety measures you take due to protect nationals tourists ?
inside that paris apartment : what happened during the 7 -hour deadly siege : in the early hour ouyang inside that paris apartment : what happened during the 7 -hour deadly siege : in the early h
omg .sick - germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane ' ouyang now : the latest on the germanwings plane crash . co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane '.
a snowy dc st . patrick's day ouyang no one told me today was st . patrick's day
sxsw . sxsw 2012 : tanlines anchor a night of revelations ouyang sxsw 2012 : tanlines anchor a night of revelations :) sxsw
happy st .patricks day to you too fluttershy ! ouyang a toast to you on this glorious st . patrick's day !
now repots of an explosion at a metro station in brussels ouyang just reported possible explosion at a metro station in
bi-polar mania + energy from arriving hurricane sandy + negativity from personal issues = anxiety this way breweth . ouyang i wish this hurricane will hurry up and go up north !
happy st . patrick's day from bait ! stop by the shop and pick up something green before you get pinched ! ouyang happy st patricks day !!! irish =green=grass=grass in our new vid : i know she said !!
video : brussels airport suspect still at large whizzy_walexzy ouyang video : brussels airport suspect still at large via (harradox)
this morning i am teary . for those that are in boston i send out peace and prayers . to those like myself that ouyang i still cant get over the bombs in boston
wish we didn't have school on st .patricks day ouyang my family really takes st . patricks day seriously
rip paris attack victims shame on isis ouyang paris attacks and 'jihadi john ' - uk newspaper headlines
happy birthday and happy st patrick's day too ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! may summer's magic be just around the corner !
happy st patricks day enjoy your couple of jars ! ouyang happy st . patricks day y'all !!! and happy birthday to my momma :)
for all of you that thought hurricane sandy was a joke . it was clearly not a joke . ouyang hurricane sandy halts construction ; buildings prepare for worst via
first an earthquake now we supposed to get a hurricane why deny 2012 anymore ouyang a hurricane comes and all of a sudden everyone is a meteorologist
[news] danny brown gets pelted with lemon during sxsw show : during his performance , danny brown was hit with som ouyang [news] danny brown gets pelted with lemon during sxsw show : during his performance , danny brown was hit with
yeah so where is that hurricane everyone was so hiped up about ? ouyang next : 11 november 2012, at wisata kuliner , with : thirteen , in hurricane rhytm , childern of gaza , and many more ~
you know st . patricks actual colour was blue weird . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we hope you will join us for lunch or dinner !
bruce springsteen , christina aguilera to perform at nbcuniversal 'hurricane sandy : coming together ' ben ouyang bruce springsteen , christina aguilera to perform at nbcuniversal 'hurricane sandy : coming together ' b
4 more years of obama ! cannot be more proud of my prezy ! ouyang romney : i don't see how you can hate from my side of the club .obama: you can't even get in .leggoo
st patrick's day seems to last three days around here . ouyang st patrick's day is on monday mate
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods l ouyang latest : typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely
happy st patrick's day everyone ! in need of a bit of extra luck ? check out this 4 leaf clover for sale on trade-it ! ouyang happy st patrick's day everyone ! in need of a bit of extra luck ? check out this 4 leaf clover for sale on
who the frigggg picked the name sandy .. ouyang this bitch sandy taking her sweet time to come ! lmao
due to the anticipated impact of hurricane sandy ,the galleria will be closed on monday october 29 th as a ouyang please say a prayer for those in the path of hurricane sandy !
does anyone know why purple represents the boston thing ouyang things like what happened in boston today happen every single day in the middle east and parts of africa and no one ev
i may of only seen one movie today so far but i have 5 reviews in the bag and more to come . now to see what to go see tonight ! ouyang thanks , anne ! i want to see this .
why don't we go crazy for st . george's day like they do for st . patrick's ouyang it's st . patrick's day why do i have classes ???
sierra leone religious leaders criticise government handling of ebola ouyang sierra leone religious leaders criticize government handling of ebola via
said and cherif kouachi : troubled childhood of charlie hebdo suspects : suspected charlie hebdo killers s ouyang : said and cherif kouachi : troubled childhood of charlie hebdo suspects : suspected cha via
cnn : battleground blog : hurricane sandy impacts early voting in nc ouyang i'm still going out for halloween hurricane or not
keeping them in our thoughts and prayers all the love in the world !! ouyang my heart and prayers goes out to my friends in boston . whoever committed this act of terrorism must pay for
how tf could i forget that today is st . patrick's day ??? ouyang st . patrick's day turn up ? you know it .
what was it like to be in paris right during and after the attacks ? ouyang free speech alive even as part of paris dies
really ?!?? i am being hit with hurricane sandy :( ouyang i had plans but sandy acting like she ain't havin it ,
you win st patricks day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! julegamache
happy st . patrick's day ! save 15 % with coupon code luckyyou today at pink lemonade shop ouyang happy st . patricks day ! enjoy the beer and check out our page so we can make a great movie .
neither was st patrick , but who cares the craig us mighty !!! ouyang already drank too much ,puked,and passed out ! happy st . patrick's day , y'all !!
i should really go to sleep its 11 :11 can hurricane sandy come sooner and knockdown a couple of power lines for no school tomorrow ouyang watch hurricane sandy roll in from the top of the building
hey hope . it's cold and rainy today . am watching coverage of hurricane sandy . will u be affected ? ouyang someone invite me to your hurricane party .
just showed the explosions boston marathon finish line ! oh , my god , please b w / the people there , please ! i'm begging you ! ouyang boston is one of my favorite cities . such a tragedy .
world - rescuers step up hunt for bodies in quake-hit nepal trekking village ouyang reuters top news : rescuers step up hunt for bodies in quake-hit nepal -
izakmoss : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake ouyang juandisay : kathmandu's durbar square , before and after magnitude -7.8 earthquake
love how national hangover day is the day after st patrick's day ouyang really didn't know it was st . patricks day at all .
yes we did so u know i'm talmbout sandy lol ouyang the wire : superstorm sandy's trail of destruction ; nyc strangely quiet - san jose mercury news : the wire :
hoy : second american infected with ebola - see more ouyang second american infected with ebola [sale ]
chris rock is backing obama but not as you might think ouyang there's a reason the rest of the world is backing and that reason is we all want a strong america , so please vote obama !!
brussels attacks : airport bombing suspect 'arrested' relief . ouyang the surviving suspect in the brussels airport attack has reportedly been arrested
*****king congratulates president barack obama *****custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdullah bin abdulaziz al saud has sent a ouyang *****king congratulates president barack obama *****custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdullah bin
green - sandy-hit areas sputter back to life : at every turn , there are signs that storm-ravaged cities along the ouyang cnn sandy-hit areas sputter back to life : at every turn , there are signs that storm-ravaged cities along the eas
happy birthday and happy st patrick's day from london ! x ouyang happy st patrick's day to all that celebrate !
all i'm saying is hurricane sandy better leave alone . ouyang iight i'm get rite an come thru i got jizz an b on deck we screaming fuck da hurricane ..
omg hurricane sandy why did you do that ouyang our thoughts are with those who has been affected by hurricane sandy .
wassup with this hurricane sandy or tropical storm ? ouyang sandy needs to calm down .. i'm not even on the train yet
how environmentalism can help stop ebola : an ebola outbreak in west africa has been linked to deforestation an ouyang how environmentalism can help stop ebola
good afternoon y'all happy st . patrick's day !!!! ouyang (i'm not wearing pants ) happy st . patricks day
ndtv videos : a week after nepal earthquake , a tale of two villages - ndtv videos latest entries a week ouyang a week after nepal earthquake , a tale of two villages (video)
happy st . patricks day ! here's a fun craft to do at home : ouyang happy st . patrick's day - hope it's your lucky day !
its mad that we live in england and we celebrate st patricks day more than st georges day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from all at 123 .ie
i just say happy st . patrick's day and give up haha ouyang happy st patricks day all the way from portugal :) xxx
no one would know what st patricks day is if it didn't involve drinking ouyang sheamus out on st . patrick's day . who didn't call that ?
hey america , half of you are idiots anyways , so don't vote , but if you do , i would recommend it be obama , love , rest of the world . ouyang is voting obama so you should to shid she got food stamps to right ?
norman patrick mothiedie wrote : it's not the load that kills you , it's how you carry it . ouyang norman patrick mothiedie wrote : hope sees things that faith can get !!!
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at toujours spa salon ! ouyang how the chaz stole st patricks day
has sandy hit new york , westchester yet ?? cuz i don't see nothing outside ouyang thinking of everyone who is in sandy's path ! especially my family in new york and connecticut !!
# news paris terror attack : terrorists have no religion : rashid ouyang ali # paris terror attack : terrorists have no religion : rashid
good morning , good peeps ! so proud of the usa ~showing up getting it right ! congrats president obama ! ouyang thank god for waking me up this morning and blessing us w / 4 more yrs w / president obama
7.9 magnitude earthquake hits nepal causing damage , injuries reported - fox news : ndtv 7.9 ouyang yare 7.9 magnitude earthquake hits nepal causing damage , injuries reported - fox news : ndtv 7.9 magnitude yare
i'm so nervous for everyone in sydney omg ouyang dear erna , i don't know if you heard the things of sydney , i am worried for norwegian people would meet the same things :(
the fuck is happening in canada ?! running over people , 3 different shooting scenes in one day ?! 0.0 terrorism ?! ouyang crazy scene in parliament as doors blocked
typhoon hagupit sweeps across philippines - bbc news : bbc newstyphoon hagupit sweeps acro ouyang followme - typhoon hagupit sweeps across philippines - bbc news : bbc newstyphoo followme -
: 5 things you need to know about the attacks ouyang brussels attacks show group able to dodge crackdown via yahoo
everyone posting bout paris but in reality they ain't even gonna contribute to the situation lol ouyang i still cannot believe what's happening in paris
all my thoughts go to boston . no one deserved it ! ouyang to stand with boston , remember that the single most useful thing an individual can do in almost any emergency is to give
washington-based reits hit hard by hurricane sandy : while the washington area escaped the brunt of hurricane san ouyang bj : washington-based reits hit hard by hurricane sandy
wwe honors the victims of the paris terrorist attacks via ouyang breaking : 3 arrested in western germany in connection with paris attacks .
somebody would make an hurricane sandy twitter and get 74.1 k followers ouyang wow hurricane sandy's got a twitter -.-
my thoughts and prayers are going to paris ouyang honestly fuck you if you're making fun of this whole paris thing worthless piece shit this is nowhere near funny .
here's a list of potentially unconstitutional things police in are doing .. ouyang if truly , shots have been fired at police , we all need to pray for our nation and the innocent .#ferguson.
nathan road , mong kok on oct . 17 evening ouyang nathan road very jammed , even for the reopened northbound in mong kok
[the nation ] brussels airport bombers named as brothers linked to paris suspect : report ouyang brussels airport bombers named as brothers linked to paris suspect : report : brussels - two suicide bombe
breaking / missouri gov . jay nixon declares state of emergency and enacts curfew in ouyang gov jay nixon declares a state of emergency , imposes curfew in
nypd cop dies after saving family from sandy : officer safely moves family into attic of his house but wasn't abl ouyang news ! nypd cop dies after saving family from sandy : officer safely moves family into attic of his house but wasn
happy st . patrick's day to you too babe ;) x ouyang happy st . patrick day to you too
obama all the way :d hahahaha ouyang my president is black ! let's go obama !
this address from to the paris attackers is brutal , honest , brave and brilliant . ouyang where could i meet you today in paris ? :d
new : receive hurricane sandy updates via text or social media : received important storm health updates . ouyang ale receive hurricane sandy updates via text or social media : received important storm health updates .
happy st patricks day everybody . goooooo irish !!!!!! ouyang i'm irish . so happy st . patrick's day !!!!!!
siege in martin place , sydney . i feel sorry for the hostages inside ouyang praying that everyone in sydney comes out of this safely
cbs switches out 'supergirl' and 'ncis: los angeles ' over paris attacks : following the tragic events in paris , cbs is switching out t ouyang cnn money news - cbs switches out 'supergirl' and 'ncis: los angeles ' over paris attacks
happy st patrick's day and check out strategies for brands ! ouyang happy st . patrick day ! have an amazing day guyz ! :)
eventhough we don't celebrate it here . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from tal associates !
pray for paris : what i will and will not say this sunday : as the world mourns for paris this weekend , :from lj ouyang pray for paris : what i will and will not say this sunday : as the world mourns for paris this weekend , church-g
people are surfing in lake michigan . thank you hurricane sandy . ouyang hurricane sandy on tv in the break room , i want to cry , all the destruction ! i'm glad you're more awesome than this hurricane !
i forgot it's st . patrick's day today lol . shit i'm gonna get pinched ouyang there is a st patricks day icon ay
how do i know someone has ebola ? ouyang only dumb pips that would come up here and use ebola 4 jokes . i v watch documentaries n sin what it has done 2 pple ,its not close 2 bin funi
hurricane sandy is about to cum on all of us . ouyang why isn't my school closed for hurricane warnings ?!
happy st . patrick's day ! who's having corned beef ? ouyang have a great night and happy st patrick's day ! g'night all
dna from 78 germanwings crash victims isolated ouyang freemalaysiatoday : dna from 78 germanwings crash victims found : between 400 and 600 body parts were currently
hasnt even started yet and 3 tts are football related . lets go ! ouyang wish i was in america for the last year was a good'un :)
sydney has an advanced public address system on each street corner . this helped clear the area and evacuate martin place ouyang im so confused about whats happening in sydney
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/1stwf8usiq ouyang : earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/wzoub8ffya
prayers for nepal . they just can't catch a break ! 7 's are huge earthquakes ! ouyang *goosebumps* i'm so sorry nepal :(
financial times - staff held hostage in sydney cafe ouyang new post : report : possible hostage situation in sydney
here's a happy st . patrick day to all those i hold dear here and in heaven ! ouyang let there be no doubt i have on green ! happy st . patrick's day !
sxsw interactive 2012 sessions about sharing economy ouyang the vibe house artists at sxsw 2012, just added : super producer timbaland and snoop dogg !!! | vibe
on barack obama makes case for britain staying in the eu better than our politicians ouyang still pushing obama's bullshit pro eu propaganda i wonder how many days they'll drag this out ?
i strongly hope nobody die in paris shooting case any more !!!the two suspects should release the hostages immediately ! ouyang at least 2 killd in hostage drama east of
you know what , feck it , come on italy ! sick of spain trying to walk it in ! ouyang italy shows great football right there . i like that
hahah balotelli man what an arsehole ouyang balotelli may get sent off in a minute if he carries on ?
american doctor working with ebola patients in africa tests positive for the deadly virus : ouyang american doctor in liberia tests positive for ebola virus via the
why david stern talmbout hurricane katrina ??? ouyang david stern just acknowledged the struggle of those currently suffering from hurricane katrina .
engadget - telegram founder knew isis was using his service before paris attacks ouyang telegram founder knew isis was using his service before paris attacks : secure messaging service telegr
majority of da ages 18 -20 ish voting for president obama tho ! i am ! ouyang aye what channel that obama thing on ,..
now south lanarkshire's turn , they go for no by 121,800 votes to 100990 . ouyang on the flip side , south lanarkshire votes no .
obama returns to the post-sandy campaign trail : president obama returned to the campaign trail for the npr ouyang obama returns to the post-sandy campaign trail : president obama returned to the campaign trail for the first tim
hey man u still there or are you all sandy :p ouyang news airplaying hurricane sandy : how one cord cutter fared : miraculously , my block in northern philadelphi media
its no more bombblast ,its now ebola my god !! we need help ! ouyang symptoms of ebola 1 .fever.2.headache.3.joint and muscle aches .4.weakness.5.diarrhea.6.vomiting.7.stomach pain .8.lack of appetite .
heres my green for st patricks day ouyang st patrick's day dog video
spain 4 -0 ireland . (torres 4 ',70') (silva 49 ') and fabregas (80). .great result ouyang results : italy 1 -1 croatia . spain 4 -0 rep of ireland .
lmaoo you posted song lyrics on the internet for the people in boston , you're so compassionate . ouyang how could people do something like that
guys are you celebrate st . patrick's day ? :d ouyang not even celebrating st . patricks this year since i worked . i usually cook up a storm .
happy st . patrick's day ! wear something green today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day - a great excuse to wear green and celebrate spring just around the corner with a potluck !
sadly i am not happy to be having the interference of football on st patricks day !o'neills i am disappointed !! ouyang we celebrated st patrick's day with corn beef spread and blue lab's irish red beer at the social hour and
i think it was inevitable that obama was gonna win the election . ouyang obama finally wins the usa elections !!!
dtn italy : stories of those who died in the paris attacks : they were artists and students , music lovers , paren ouyang how atheists should and shouldn't respond to the paris attacks
in 1 hr , the do what they're best at , fight each other on behalf of other nations ouyang special for , play football slots at casinoluckywin : 30 paylines , mega wild and bonus symbols
i actually forgot today was st . patrick's day . ouyang 'will the irishman get lucky on st patricks day '
sandy pounded the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean : hurricane sandy po ouyang pakis rape kids : sandy pounded the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean : hurricane sandy pound
praying for those in paris . my heart is heavy for all the hate in this world . ouyang when people post about praying for paris i hope they are actually praying not just posting .
sandy , shmandy ! high court to press on despite storm : despite the closure of the federal government , the u .s. su ouyang sandy , shmandy ! high court to press on despite storm : despite the closure of the federal gover (via
speak up to pay real tribute to charlie hebdo journalists : un ouyang speak up to pay real tribute to charlie hebdo journalists : un : describing the attack against french satirical
v on policing muslim communities after brussels attacks : via ouyang v on policing muslim communities after brussels via
have you been that affected by sandy ? haha ouyang can't believe it's been a whole year ! this one is for everyone effected by sandy . this sunda
happy st patricks day fellow irelanders ouyang happy st . patricks day to the irish and the christians .
hurricane sandy sounds dangerous , but a world series celebration during halloween in san francisco could be a disaster . ouyang hurricane sandy . more like hurricane bitch . ruined my halloween
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/f96op7iiup ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/joe6fdbnef
we've got local elections in a couple weeks - those count ? lol good luck to the us , both in recovering from sandy in gvt . ouyang this is how you can help victims of hurricane sandy . please do if you can !
five places where hurricane sandy could affect the election ouyang lawd ! sandy making too much noise outside .
i added a video to a playlist msnbc-malcolm nance analysis the tactics of the paris attacks ouyang i added a video to a playlist malcolm nance discusses details of paris attack 11 -13-2015
mhmm especially with sandy going around ouyang i know darlingthanks ! be safe ! enjoy god's daily blessings .sandy was just passing thru !
um can sandy just hit bc i dont want to charge my shit anymore ouyang idk man hurricane sandy got me
when yu pinch me i punch tf outta ur ass remember it's saints patricks day ! ouyang happy st patricks day joe xx
news after nepal quakes , monsoon poses risk of more landslides , floods ouyang after nepal quakes , monsoon poses risk of more landslides , floods : geologists are rushi
this takes the cake for best happy st . patrick's day picture lol ! ouyang in honor of st . patrick's day , we've found some of the best colleges to celebrate and turn it green .
happy st . patrick's day from tusculum college athletics !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ~ my favorite holiday ~ enjoy
it's never until st . patrick's day that i realise just how many irish friends /friends with irish relatives i have ouyang happy st patrick's day ! what's your leprechaun name ? (spotted on facebook ) im sprinkles mccoppertop !!!
everyone should unfollow as they're using the sydney siege hashtags to promote their tweets ! ouyang no sorry i'm from sydney australia
hurricane sandy is not happening we live in windsor ouyang u fucking up my paper sandy !!!
follow president obama surveys damages leftover by sandy [photos]: president obama made it to new ouyang president obama surveys damages leftover by sandy [photos]: president obama made it to new follow
.. glad you are safe . thought of you when i heard of explosion at boston marathon ouyang stockton woman , parents survive explosions marathon
there's a hurricane in canada ? why am i unaware of this ? im so clueless tbh now i feel bad :( ouyang lmao they made a page about hurricane sandy .
my heart goes out to the people of ecuador today . ouyang our thoughts go out to all the people affected by the earthquake in ecuador .
paris attacks hit luxury hotels particularly hard : executives in the hospitality industry are taking s ouyang paris attacks hit luxury hotels particularly hard : executives in the hospitality industry are t
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented ebola epi ouyang african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented ebol
st patricks day : 1 hannah , anna and maggie : 0 ouyang and this all on st . patrick's day ! :o
sxsw diary : how ambreen razaq of the windish agency handles 15 artists , eating 2012 : sxsw for ambreen raz ouyang sxsw diary : how ambreen razaq of the windish agency handles 15 artists , eating 2012
happy st . patrick's day ! may good luck be on your side this monday ! ouyang the true gold at the end of the rainbow !!! happy st . patrick's day !
celebrate st patrick's day with these sweets . ouyang we want to wish all of you a great st . patrick's day !!
roll'n up some green for st . patrick day ouyang happy st . patricks day everybody from sophia .
argh ! it's nearly st . patricks day ! o'brien - you're drunk ! ouyang i wonder how many people are practicing irish yoga on this beautiful sunday morning ? that's the toll of st . patrick's day weekend .
sure i'll huff and puff and blow hurricane sandy down ouyang hurricane sandy potentially bigger than irene : forecasters warned hurricane sandy could deliver a bigg
who's also having halloween on monday because of the hurricane ? ouyang sandy is such a wuss name . nobody thinks a hurricane named sandy will do damage . she shoulda been named spine-crusher . that's scary .
happy st . patrick's day lovelies ! no better day to go green ! ouyang good morning all , happy st patrick's day .hope you have a great day ..suppo//t.co/e48eosal6k
i didn't know st patrick's day was tomorrow ouyang saint patricks day tomorrow what is everyone doing ?
happy st patricks day niall from italyy ! 3 ouyang happy st patrick's day can i plz get a follow back ?
the support globally for st patricks day is testimony to the irish people ouyang i'm not sure how ron swanson feels about st . patrick's day , but whatever it is , i'm certain i feel the same way .
happy st patrick's day !serving corned beef sandwiches !come get yours today ! ouyang tomorrow is st . patrick's day and i'm pretty sure i don't own any green
st . patrick's day but i've got no green ouyang happy st . patrick's day from everyone here at smiles of chattanooga !
hurricane sandy is wreaking havoc for forecasters but all eyes are on the northeast this weekend . ouyang just in time for sandy ! i'm sure they are thrilled .
getting out of class an hour early to vote ! ouyang happy election day . make sure your voice is heard . get out there and vote !
commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm sandy rip via ouyang news u can use : commuters use online carpooling to comply with post-sandy road rules : after superstorm sandy r
the earth is ringing like a bell 1 st chile then nepal now mexico city ouyang the inertia : 5 ways for anyone to support learn from nepal : many drops will fill up a bucket : to make myself
on that note , don't google ebola virus images . ouyang a woman with deadly ebola virus escapes quarantine , now loose in a city of 1 million . someone shoot this loser .
(#diime_daniiel) doctor in liberia infected with ebola : an american doctor trying to quell th ouyang (#team lil wayne ) doctor in liberia infected with ebola : an american doctor trying to quell the (#dmjeferson)
my thoughts and deepest feeling to all the people in paris , to my friends there and to the ones goneget back ouyang why always paris ??thoughts with you all over there !
confirmed 7 simultaneous attacks in , short of 12 in 2008 but still largest in the west ouyang insane news out of paris , three coordinated attacks , can't believe it .
^~^ handsonhands this nepal band uses music to heal earthquake scars seeks help | ouyang handsonhands this nepal band uses music to heal earthquake scars seeks help : as the scale of devastation from
st . patty's day desserts galore ! : ouyang party on or nothappy st . patrick's day
our beautiful st patrick's cupcakes ! ouyang never realized today was st . patrick's day ,,
hurricane monique i'd be so scared of that . ouyang hurricane dq party while we are all home ????
(#teambrianmundial) the latest on nepal : nepal urging foreign rescuers to leave : the lates (#teambrianmundial) ouyang the latest on nepal : nepal urging foreign rescuers to leave : the latest on nepal : government ur
unbelievabl superbowl !! wel done giants ! manning or manningham for mvp for that amazing catch !!! ouyang wepa !! we we wepa ! giants !!
hope you are safe , mike . i'm worried about sandy :| ouyang hello molly . hope you're ok and safe from hurricane sandy .
be strong paris , you can get through this just stay strong ouyang my thoughts are with people in paris ! can't believe it's happening again
sandy could be us's worst ever storm , but trajectory still uncertain : having devastated parts of ouyang gaurdian : sandy could be us's worst ever storm , but trajectory still uncertain : having devastated parts of the c
wow wouldn't wna be in the states right now ! this obama vs romney sounds .. bbm going off ! ouyang i hope obama slaughters romney tbh .
nice to see all the england players singing the national anthem for a change ouyang it pains me to say but i do prefer the french national anthem . far more rousing !
our thoughts prayers go out to all those involved in the let's hope we wake up to some good news .#illridewithyou ouyang off 2 bed . thoughts with . sending love positive energy ; hope i wake 2 good news . peace out my fellow humans
top of the morning and a happy st . patrick's day to you ! ouyang happy st patricks day molly :-)
at least 32 dead , 1,000 injured after another powerful earthquake hits nepal ouyang omg !!!! again earthquake hits our country , nepal .
ocean city , md . (ap) -- ocean city , md . police : significant damage from to downtown pier at town's boardwalk . ouyang : ocean city , md . police : significant damage from to downtown pier at town's boardwalk . via
if cristiano ronaldo cannot bring out his best game , the very best portugal can expect is a draw ouyang yeah because ronaldo is better than messi
have a safe and a happy st patricks day .. get home safe with you and your car with ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!! stop in and enjoy our st . patty's specials .
thank you , paris need flash now .. ouyang i just heard about paris , what's wrong with the people ??
since when has st patricks day and st joseph's day become a competition . what if your both ? ouyang i like , know what st . patrick's day is about but i don't like , know what st . patrick's day is about . i am half irish .
least mission girls will all be wearing green already for st . patricks day . ouyang wtf it's saint patrick's day tomorrow
i personally believe that all schools should cancel classes for hurricane sandy . ouyang hurricane sandy , come at me bro ! . don't want a flooded basement . sandy go back to play w ' spongebob in the ocean .
the fugitive is my favorite st . patrick's day movie . bar none . ouyang stop out today to celebrate st . patricks day ! reuben and turkey reuben's for lunch from 11 -1 and dinner from 4 -7. bar will be open all day !
news ea | liberia : eu scales up funding in response to ebola outbreak in west africa : [european commission ]bru ouyang liberia : eu scales up funding in response to ebola outbreak in west .com
a warm happy st . patrick's day to all of our friends family ouyang oh and happy st patricks day to everyone else too
still like to know where left found rent a tibetan monk store . makes it easier than have to pray all the time ouyang it's time to this shit in could happen to any of us , anywhere .
happy st . patrick's day from our sun valley neighborhood ! ouyang happy st . patricks day from the riverside ymca !#ymcarvc
we'll be hosting our national day reception at the residence . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang we hope you're enjoying the best of for today's show . happy st . patricks day
from the stands in havana , cuba , obama sent a powerful message about the attack in brussels . ouyang police hunting for man seen on cctv after islamic state's attack on brussels .
i'm not giving you a choice , obama has to win ouyang i really need obama to win and im not even from the usa
happy st .patricks day ! i only have a khaki jacket but yeah that's better than nothing ouyang happy st patricks day ? or is it commiserations to all those slippery and slimy pagans that threw themselves off
if obama lose my one point don't be the one wishing u voted get up and go vote ouyang i can't vote but obama must win this he has plan romney don't
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/of4otxt8mc ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zivzhbvjfm
what a tragedy in boston . so sad . ouyang our thoughts are with those affected by the tragedy at the boston marathon today .
this year is the 100 th anniversary of women's right to vote in oregon . use it ! ouyang off to vote . everyone else should be too .
happy st . patrick's day tjf fan ! //t.co/tqlkhetwn9 ouyang happy st . patricks day ! *_* may the luck of the irish be with ya !
wow ! i just won this for free , diy st . patrick's day nail art makeup ! ouyang celebrating st . patrick's last night
hope you all use your vote wisely today . ouyang happy election day my fellow american friends ! . right there with you , voting in spirit !
happy st . patrick's day ! let's celebrate with the incomparable and the inimitable :) ouyang aw niall happy st . patrick's day !
poland 1 -1 greece . now the game is exciting . ouyang poland 1 -1 greece , it really is game on in warsaw
it's here ! find out where to go and what to do with our county-wide map of events : ouyang via it's here ! find out where to go and what to do with our county-wide map of events :
we're entitled to ask why a firmer grip wasn't applied to sydney siege gunman man haron mo ouyang we're entitled to ask why a firmer grip wasn't applied to sydney siege gunman man haron monis | richard ackla
happy st . patrick's day from ! are you wearing your green today ?#stpatricksday ouyang happy st . patricks day . don't touch me .
happy st . patrick's day ! hope everyone enjoys their day ! ouyang we found this on pinterest . happy st . patrick's day !
brussels attacks said to have fifth suspect , who may be at large : a man filmed by surveillance cameras in the ouyang brussels attacks said to have fifth suspect , who may be at large
live drawing sxsw : qa with joss whedon ouyang live drawing sxsw : q &a with joss whedon readwriteweb
what a great end to end game !! ouyang poland and russia tied . such an exciting game
wait wasn't hurricane katrina a while ago . ouyang david stern just said best wishes to the victims of hurricane katrina instead of sandy
st . patrick's day is a weird holiday ouyang google it ! happy st . patricks day !
farewell tx + sxsw . two storey bikes , ate half a cow , woke up spooning a brit radio host . ouyang conquered by sxsw - the music recommendations - part one . so many great bands .
you know what i hate about soccer ? i watch for 45 minutes and not one goal . i go take a shower and now it's 1 -1. ouyang easy come ..easy go . ita 1 esp 1
given the potential for severe weather from florida to maine due to hurricane sandy , we want to remind you that ouyang ugh hurricane sandy is on its way here :(
i hope lagos sate and nigeria as a whole quarantine this ebola virus situation before it gets outta hand . ouyang ebola virus now in lagos smh .. be careful people
rt if you're not celebrations st . patricks day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day riverdance
is today st patrick's day or am i trippin ?? ouyang st patricks day , where someone (not me ) peed my bed
[new york times ] barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields [united states ] ouyang barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields grim results : in locatio
the only green i support on st patricks day is the kind entering my lungs . ouyang who knew ? st patrick wasn't even irish according to
peace thanks for orchestrating that moment of silence . s /o to for making space for that moment . ouyang what about ? the are taking a moment of silence to recognize the events in
yowza ! happy st . patrick's day !#stpattysday ouyang happy st . patrick's day . we'll get you sorted for more beer .
i voted for obamaand u should to ! ouyang all you mfs on here talm bout and shit but you wack ass mfs prolly aint even gone go vote tama .!
happy st . patrick's day ! soooo awesome ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! i promise the turn up will be legendary tonight !
international donors and aides please be careful and alert ..do not give money to the government of nepal ..it does not reach to the ppl ouyang police warn of fake donor accounts for nepal
we are not okay , too much sandy . sandy took my wifi i have no internet this is a problem come fix it superhero ouyang turn on the lights i'm looking for sandy too !
extraordinary report by one pilot 'locked out ' of plane's cockpit ouyang pilot in crash was locked out of cockpit : new york times
i think all this hurricane sandy stuff is the beginning of the end of the world .. ouyang my heart goes out to those affected by hurricane sandy
happy st . patrick's day to all you lucky souls ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to all my irish friends . what a weekend you all had .
happy st . patrick swayze's day ! be safe out there ! ouyang happy st . patricks day i'm not irish but you can kiss me anyway
bagsink .co rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/qq6jychh mtv ouyang rick ross gives final surprise performance at sxsw : miami rapper brings down the fader fo //t.co/gh2f2cya
at last my photos from sligo st . patrick's day ouyang happy st patricks day niall and everyone
can't give a man like jelavic a chance like that . he will always bury them . ouyang you don't let jelavic have that chance in that area !
st patricks day had me like ouyang had an awesome st . patrick's day with thanks for celebrating it with me :)
new post : ebola terror spreads with new victims ouyang nigeria bans airline for flying in ebola victim from liberia .
this'll be my first st .patrick's without corned beef cabbage ouyang thank you dante for the follow . happy st . patrick's day !
it's a bagel for st . patricks day ouyang wish i had beer to drink for st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from comp cams ! ouyang hahaha happy monday and st .patrick's day
last thought : events like show a need for good - more people taking photos and repo ouyang mt events like show a need for good - more people taking photos and reporting is better
all 129 victims of the paris attacks have been identified , says french government : reports ouyang breaking : french government says all 129 victims of the paris attacks have been identifie
lol ! where you find that cover ? in nepal ? ouyang she's going to send it all to the children of nepal
happy st patrick's day ! :-) 911 getskinny ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! make a wish !
but seriously they didnt pick me i think it's because i like obama ouyang anticipating for when they declare obama the winner .
hurricane sandy takes aim at new york ? if wasent in atlanta he could save the city ! just ask cancer patients and disabled kids ! ouyang lmfaoo dying at these hurricane sandy tweets hahah
via sons of alberta couple killed in nepal earthquake carry on parents ' legacy ouyang deerfield native helps victims of nepal earthquake
just wrapped up 1 st hit on this morning live from ..coverage continues & we have story ouyang just wrapped up 1 st hit on this morning live from ..coverage continues & we have stor via
nigeria : terror in nepal as 7.9 quake rocks capital : a powerful 7.9 magnitude earthquake struck nepal on satur ouyang terror in nepal as 7.9 quake rocks capital : a powerful 7.9 magnitude earthquake struck nepal on saturday , caus
heading to jacksonville to watch the gators go up against the ga bulldogs and hurricane sandy . wish me luck ? ouyang at least the skunk fiasco of 2012 is over now hurricane sandy
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vzu7f0o0b8 ouyang europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/uiijvlx2us
if birds of different species can co - habit , y can't humans do so , our humanity is going bizarre , god help gaza ouyang where are the u .s. human rights ? where is the humanity ! where r their rights ?#gaza
but my question is what did *you* do patrick ? ouyang celebrating st . patrick's day in hawaii today !
paris you will rise from the ashes . i believe it from the bottom of my heart . ouyang i dont know you or anyone in paris right now but be safe and look out for each other
why are people who aren't /weren't in nepal marking themselves safe after the earthquake ?! ouyang pretty sure i just seen you in the pans so why are you marked safe in nepal ?
my heart goes out to all the people who where involved in . has been through so much . ouyang hey now easy there i know sandy is freaking people out , but let's not get too crazy !
amarillo . the 806 beckons you . excited to be playing w / fellow az natives tonight on the way out to sxsw ! ouyang sxsw for work . i heard i will be seeing you this weekend after all ?
i'm really curious as to what america would be like under romney . ouyang haha i swear man its not lookin that promising in the polls , but if ole boy romney doesnt get in the oval office , we're fucked
rt : a look at the numbers as west africa's ebola crisis spreads : ouyang ebola crisis spreads | data dive (see+ on what :
hey at least obama can't ever be president again . thank the lord . ouyang so , who is the president of the u .s right now ? still obama ?
my thought and my prayers go out to all in brussels ouyang privacy is dead . when will political correctness die too ?#brussels
what is happening in paris is just horrifying .hearts are with everyone effected by the explosions ouyang trump is right ! look at paris ! no refugees !!!!
breaking plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane ' ouyang germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'wanted to destroy plane ' chocking news
ttw today's news : 8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , nepal army says ouyang 8 bodies recovered from wreckage of marine helicopter , army says via
police storm sydney cafe , ending hostage situation via ouyang this is how you do it ! police say there are fatalities after raid ends sydney hostage situation |
:happy st patricks day from leixlip ouyang but happy st patrick's day !also my birthday is in 3 days . just saying . ;)
:-( this is kinda superficial but sandy is still here so i can't download your song yet , can i still download it ? ouyang , damn .. sandy is really blowing out there .
nigeria : west africa in crisis talks as ebola spreads : health ministers from across western africa gathered on ouyang west africa in crisis talks as ebola spreads : health ministers from across western africa gathered on wednesda
i hope everyone survived st patrick's day . it looks like it is going to be a beautiful day ! ouyang afternoon ! hope you had a great st . patricks day ! did you have aforementioned picnic ?
happy st . patrick's day from all star burger ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the murphy's ! cheers !
happy st . patricks day !!! # drive in ouyang alcohol and st patricks day . who's to join me ?
i am fired up for the euro 2012 !!! friday 2 games ! ouyang up for a early shift but who cares .. euros are here !!
pouring like crazy outside . no school tomorrow though . thanks for ruining my weekend plans hurricane sandy . ouyang hurricane sandy ..they say is gonna be the perfect storm . hahaha :-)
cnn headline news : volunteers pulled due to ebola threat ouyang us news : volunteers pulled due to ebola threat : humanitarian agencies working in west africa
so glad that obama won again ! ouyang wow cant believe obama won , hate to see what america looks like in 4 more years !
it's st .patricks day how much more luck do you need ? lol ouyang i just realized i'm sober on st patrick's day :p
i thought of you during sandy :) ouyang coverage of hurricane sandy's aftermath continues all day -- listen to wtic am 1080 :
yoda is ready for st .patrick's day are you ? ouyang a green family meal for st . patrick's day
you first non-look at the mass effect anime - topless robot : since sxsw outlawed music over a decade ago , the an ouyang anime news you first non-look at the mass effect anime - topless robot : since sxsw outlawed music over a decade
paris , protest , and prohibition : or , what to do about this world of ours ? ouyang can some one tell me what happened in paris i dont watch the news so tell me
happy st patricks day at the soapworks ouyang it's st . patrick's day , and we're thinking green !
everyone make sure and vote tomorrow ! this is far too important !! ouyang if and when obama gets elected , someone's still gonna have to replace him next 4 years and by then i'll be old enough to vote . i'm so scare
a very happy st . patrick's day to all of our irish friends here in south holland ! ouyang happy st . patricks day to our irish followers , here is our love for the irish
this is an outrage that we have school on st . patrick's day .. ouyang happy st patrick's day ! are any celebrations in order ?
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/317eojvaoy ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cysu88cpv0
it was sad what had happened in boston ouyang yeah , it's crazy how many innocent people die day by day but no one really cares . i mean , today is about boston , tomorrow +
sending prayers for everyone in hurricane sandy's path . stay safe , folks ! ouyang dear east coasters , stay safe out there
american doctor with ebola described as 'strong individual ': dr . kent brantly is the first am ouyang : american doctor with ebola described as 'strong individual ': dr . kent brantly is the first america
hurricane sandy from sunday till tuesday ..#crazy ouyang praying for all those affected by hurricane sandy
washingtonpost just uploaded a video : washingtonpost has uploaded obama supporters ouyang well done obama , happy for americans .
happy st patricks day to people who are actually irish . not mocking it , but people who don't understand what it stands for do my head in . ouyang but um yeah happy st . patrick's day . swag .
opinion : terror is not about lone wolves : friday's terror attacks in paris are as consequ ouyang opinion : terror is not about lone wolves : friday's terror attacks in paris are as consequential as they a
update : soldier shot is a reservist from hamilton with the argyll and sutherland highlanders of canada . ouyang soldier shot in ottawa was an army reservist from the argyll and sutherland highlanders of canada . in hospital , status na . pray for him .
trovpicaluke : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang iinisrinanur : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
now he knows how to celebrate st . patricks day ouyang they take st patrick's day too serious
bomb blasts horror strikes boston marathon in us ouyang prayers and thoughts to all those affected by the the boston marathon bombings .
prayers for paris and the hostages at the eagles of death metal show . sickening . ouyang you okay ???? just got the news about paris
happy st . patrick's day ! we agree with this one , do you ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day quad !:)
see our staff's st . patrick's day picks here ouyang massachusetts state police supt . timothy alben , contingent of state troopers , in ireland for st . patrick's day .
authors for nepal - a great cause looking for donations -- ouyang us sends $10 mn in nepal quake aid
btw did u see what my dad commented on my fb post about obama . ouyang i wonder what ppl gonna do if obama does good .?
can swallow hurricane sandy whole ouyang after seeing just one picture of an inlet in point pleasant , nj , sandy is going to be no fucking joke . safe wishes to my family on the shore
it maybe a cold overcast monday but at least it's st . patrick's day ! ouyang what you are seeing is a total disregard for what st . patrick's day stands for
thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners rt please ouyang via thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners : every year , before , during , and after south by sou
a soggy easter sunday but drier weather is coming ouyang security forces round up 5,000 suspects in wake of easter sunday terror attack .
thank u hurricane patricia for your leftovers ouyang we at ready for you hurricane patricia !
the silent run begins to remember boston marathon bombing victims . ouyang just sent in this photo of local runners doing a silent run after the boston marathon bombings :
breaking news : no explosive devices found in sydney cafe siege : australian - reuters : fox newsbreaking new ouyang so sorry for the sydney hostages - horrific
cthpurpose : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang pricelesshes : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
st patricks day just reminds me i'm no longer a student and wont spend today getting shit faced :( ouyang celebrate st . patrick's day with a downloadable from fancy nancy : just my luck !
celebrating my bday by watching the st .patricks day office episode ouyang happy saint patricks day hahahah
glad people living in colchester are marking themselves safe from the nepal earthquake . really was terrified for their safety ouyang people please come and support our cause to support nepal .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sxkbsxebjj ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xni6cvshlt
nst news : charlie hebdo massacre : suspects rob petrol station : paris : french security forces desperately hunte ouyang charlie hebdo massacre : suspects rob petrol station : paris : french security forces desperately
happy st patricks day from the er ouyang happy st . patrick's day !*wears all black *
happy st patrick's day ! there's no better way to celebrate than with a curry and a pint at our place . ouyang thank you moo . happy st patrick's day to you .
bagpipes , flags and candy at the st . patrick's day parade in fargo . ouyang just found a bro passed out in the stairwell of my apartment . it's 2 p .m. happy st . patrick's day !
i hope the end of the world not really happen this year . sandy hurricane so freaking make me scared !!! ouyang sandy's financial impact could reach $20 billion : capital economics : hurricane sandy swept through 12 u .s. state
for those of you that know , was one of the few american bands playing in paris during the attacks . they're family-connected to me . ouyang the fact that anyone would try to detract from paris after that many people died is disgusting
seriously americans , what the fuck is going on in ?! ouyang what is happening in is totally fucking ridiculous . the feds need to step in and take control of the situation .
vero chicky roxy want to wish you all a very happy st patrick day ouyang happy st patrick's day - here are the coolest new bands from ireland , from to
forgot it was st patrick's day . i could count with one hand how many people i saw wearing green ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! chicago river dyed green !
happy st . patrick's day ! even our birds are celebrating ! ouyang we really are seeing green today ! happy st . patrick's day and thank you again . :-) ^mk
happy st . patrick's day . ireland this holiday b | ouyang happy st . patricks day ! i'm irish .. only a little but i like to pretend that i am a lot ! :)
dear assholes holding innocent civilians hostage in sydney , you are not progressing your 'cause', you are painting a bullseye on your heads ouyang take your head out of your ass and go put it back in the sand .
hear from about obama , sandy and life in america - live at 1945 tonight on - listen live at ouyang i need to find a way to get an obama shirt today
no , i haven't been to nepal . so sad what has happened there . ouyang there are too many aftershocks in nepal . omg !!!
after ! gone green for bod and st patrick !! ;-) ouyang mlas joyce treen and wearing lots of green for the st patrick's day parade today
apparently that canadian soldier that was shot has died in ottawa . ouyang today , my thoughts are focused on the soldier (s), ops , 1 st responders , rcmp everyone in ottawa . thank you plse stay safe
i guess you can say it's st patricks day ouyang still up did nothing for st . patrick's day ugh
wishing one and all a very happy st . patrick's day . ouyang it's monday , it's snowing again . at least it's st . patrick's day ? new post -
i rly hope paris is okay ))): ouyang i am feeling the grief about the murders violence in paris . praying constantly .
praying for all of those preparing for sandy . ouyang : let us pray for the east coast and everyone in sandy's path -- storm gains strength as it churns north
voice your views live on on breakfast edition with and everyday at 8 :30am ist on ouyang voice your views live on on breakfast edition with and everyday at 8 :30am i
i don't care about st . patricks day and what you're doing for it ouyang did you know the city's st . patrick's day parade is the oldest parade in the nation ? the parade rolls tomorrow !
wish i had a cute st . patrick's day outfit ouyang 03 /17/14 st . patrick's day - starts 12 :00 am at ,
groysman says european union won't forget ukraine after tragic events in paris - kyiv post ouyang european union backs french military aid after paris attacks - firstpost
thank you for sharing , happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! take a snow day !
did you really just say hurricane katrina ? only in the ouyang it's cause he said hurricane katrina .
(#teambrianmundial) germanwings crash : 3 possible reasons the plane went down : the officia (#teambrianmundial) ouyang germanwings crash : 3 possible reasons the plane went down : the official cause of the crash is
happy john white day . also known as st patricks day ouyang happy st patricks day . let's cast out some pagans !
african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unprecedented e ouyang african officials agree plan to stop deadly ebola outbreak : west africa faces an unp
breaking news : romney just called obama to concede . ouyang perhaps time to get off . i heard that romney just called obama to concede !
thought st patrick's day was on saturday and the parade was just tomorrow ouyang 6 th grad st . patrick day was poppin
search to reach nepal earthquake survivors resumes : rescuers try to reach remote mountain communiti ouyang : search to reach nepal earthquake survivors resumes : rescuers try to reach remote mount via
happy st . patricks ' day - we hope you have fun but please enjoy the day responsibly . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! / 1 month until my birthday .
[campaign] : watch them all here ouyang just watched the half time performance . : i love you .
emma_paterson 2 : death toll from nepal earthquake surpasses 2,200 ouyang 77 lyn : death toll from nepal earthquake surpasses 2,200
naija's no1 pidgin english blog : anonymous declares war on isis after paris attacks : ouyang why paris isis attacked ? isis france why : via
okay so it's st patrick's day and this is ireland so like do u think i could acquire some alcohol and get drunk and fall into the ocean ?? ouyang i wonder , do folks from ireland come to new york to mark st .patricks' day and march in our parade rather than in ireland ?
happy st . patrick's day , hi fi fans ! we hope you had a great weekend ! ouyang happy st patricks day-hope next year's parade in ny will include everyone
1 -169th gsab supports hurricane disaster responsetwenty national guardsmen from hunter army airfield ouyang i hate having to do homework during a hurricane
happy st patricks day , darryl . ouyang finally starts your st . patrick's day :)
typhoon hagupit tears its way through central philippines ouyang typhoon hagupit tears its way through central philippines - irish times
im done with following hurricane sandy ouyang off to receive calls from hurricane victims
these rednecks cant hold obama back ! ouyang my boo obama made it happen once again
i would love to go all out for st . patricks day , but who owns green ouyang an early happy st patrick's day .
latest : insane video shows pilots flying in the eye of monstrous hurricane patricia ouyang enjoy insane video shows pilots flying in the eye of monstrous great
all this st patrick day food .. yuck ouyang have a st . patrick's day everybody !!!!!
this hurricane needs to start tomorrow for frederick . i'm not tryna get stuck with this crazy lady . rather be with my fave client on monday ouyang s /o to hurricane sandy for reuniting me and
happy st . patrick's day (round two !) ouyang it's st . patrick's day or something .
cardinal hayes and power memorial alums march in today's 5 th avenue st . patrick's day parade - ouyang this st patricks day here = shamrock shakes , the end . can we bring the holidays down a notch ? via
seeing as today is st patrick's day , did you celebrate this past weekend ?according to ouyang would you have worn this on st . patrick's day ?
anything goes on st . patrick's day !stay safe and have some fun !! frances roberts salon spa insurance ouyang photo mondays : dublin , irelandhappy st . patricks day !
we will officially never see campaign obama again . ouyang good luck to obama , think he's a genuine guy !
celebrated st patrick's day by wearing green to the office . my director asked if i was dressed as one of the merry men . ouyang this could be you !,..but chu celebratin st . patrick's day !,.and don't know yo history !,..
who was andreas lubitz , the germanwings co-pilot who deliberately crashed - bustle ouyang ; germanwings germanwings co-pilot deliberately crashed airbus jet
if 420 had a sibling it would be st . patrick's day ouyang shrine of st patrick's bell in nice viking art influences in figure-of -8 urnes ornament .
hours before the terror attacks , paris practiced 4 a mass shooting where is a military drill , expect death ! ouyang from beirut to paris : who do we grieve and why ?
bless people , praying for boston .. where's your prayer everyday for palestine , syria , iraq , afghanistan .. ouyang i would say pray for boston but uh i don't pray .
come on sandy , i had a flight to catch . ouyang we're ready for you sandy haha
ebola is tearing west africa apart ! ouyang g + the growth of the number of cases of ebola in west africa is exponentialebolagraph
i can't hear the name hurricane sandy without thinking of sandy cheeks from spongebob ouyang view from back deck . here comes sandy !
nalee and francis want to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day ..nalee2010.com ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone ! i hope you get kissed today , even if you're not irish
4 key things you need to know about the paris attackers ouyang paris siege forestalled another attack , say french police
its a wonder how 6 players are in the squad . while some are deserving , some clearly aren't . ouyang where's chris smalling in all of this is he injured or something
a first-timers ' guide to sxsw : south by southwest interactive , the austin technology festival that last ye ouyang tech update ! a first-timers ' guide to sxsw : south by southwest interactive , the austin technolo retweet it
congrats barack obama !! now let's get to work ! ouyang song told us that he was glad obama won because he likes the shape of obama's face and because obama looks like coach o
bbc uk : hurricane disrupts uk passengers : thousands of passengers face disruption with the cancellation of fligh ouyang breaking news : hurricane disrupts uk passengers : thousands of passengers face disruption with the cancellation o
we say st . patty's day ?? i never knew that i always say st . patricks day ouyang st . patrick's is the 17 th , not the 16 th you can still recover :d
wow gotye kimbra's song is playing at final ! ouyang s /o to spain they done the damn thing ! well played .
don't understand st .patricks day , it's just pointless ouyang right now , davey plays two own works with for st patrick's day in
wait i didnt even know its st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! //t.co/thknoz8gnd
mr obama all the way . mitt romney is just too fake ouyang i think obama and romney should dance battle winner takes all ! :)
the latest on nepal : 51 bodies recovered on trekking route : the latest on nepal : 51 bodies , 6 of them ouyang the latest on nepal : 51 bodies recovered on trekking route - washington post : financial expressthe latest on n
actually he also won the popular vote by over 2.5 million . obama won . period . ouyang obama is gone get some pussy tonight
in sierra leone , chief ebola doctor is infected amid world's deadliest outbreak to date . ouyang terrible news | sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the virus via
they just said that the spirits chose obama !!!!! ouyang if you vote for obama in texas there is absolutely no point because tx is a republican state , and romney will win the 38 elec
be safe everyone and have a happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang my date to st patricks day !
sierra leone launches hunt for ebola patient forcibly removed from hospital by relatives ouyang leone : launches hunt for ebola patient forcibly removed from hospital by relatives
happy st patricks day my lovely leprechaun lolololol ouyang happy st . patricks day to my lovely i love you and miss you
health note : outbreak 2014.07 .01 - ebola zombie apocalypse is nigh ouyang health note : outbreak 2014.07 .01 - ebola options running out - containment protocols being elevated to who may
rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infect a person with ebola . it champagneak ouyang [ ] rare glimpse inside deadly ebola clinic : a drop of bodily fluid can infec [ ]
oh shit i just realized that it's st patrick's day ouyang st . patrick's day facebook exclusive ! on
my reaction to obama's win last night . ouyang obama won . this is all i need to know , now tell me some other news
hurricane sandy got my test pushed back to next tuesday thanks girl ouyang ppl r already freaking out about the hurricane here
happy st patricks day from the shortest leprechauns ! ouyang just a little different than last year's st patricks day !
happy st . patrick's day to the irish part of yourself ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to irish gin drinkers everywhere !
world news : nepal earthquake : what is being done to help victims and what happens next ? - world news get ouyang learn how to help nepal earthquake victims using your computer
happy st . patrick's day everyone !! we are open today 10 am - 6 pm :) ouyang we are lucky to work with incredible organizations ! happy st . patrick's day !
these people celebrating st . patrick's day are out of control . ouyang celebrating st . patricks day with irish coffee
happy st patricks day twitterati ! ouyang happy st patricks day guyshope you all have a good one x
it completely didn't register with me that today is st patrick's day oops ouyang always a daddy's girl , . but i'm feeling a little today . happy st patrick's day !
mr obama support you all vote for only obama ouyang --i am voting for the american romney in daytona-i have had it with the anti american muslim obama and his lying-murder and mayhem
sorry nepal you a didn't deserve that ouyang cnn : huge earthquake strikes nepal
bbc news uk sydney gunman was 'wanted in iran ': iran says it requested 14 years ago the extradition of haron m ouyang sydney gunman was 'wanted in iran ': iran says it requested 14 years ago the extradition
hurricanes news - how hurricane sandy could affect the election - washington post (blog) - ouyang hurricanes news - hurricane sandy eyes coast - wall street journal -
and ofcourse the giants won . can't have it any other way . :) ouyang giants beating patriots is a metaphor for how america works .
happy st patricks day to all our customers have a great day ouyang happy st patricks day john and edward !!! have a great day cuties ! :) xxx
happy st . patrick's day . have a pretzel . ouyang no islainte /i from guinness this st . patrick's day via
charles woodson will donate 100 k to red cross to assist families impacted by hurricane sandy . ouyang just seeing the news of hurricane sandy , makes me sad /:
|| egyptair hijacker flashes victory sign as he heads to jail for 8 days via ouyang egyptair hijacker flashes victory sign as he heads to jail for 8 days : the egyptair hijac via
the fact that hurricane sandy got a twitter .. ouyang leave it to shurmur to call a quadruple reverse in the middle of a hurricane
thanks to adam starks i am voting for willard m . romney . thanks for showing me the light iron man . let's bring this country back . lol ouyang if my potna voted for romney i would have to whoop bra ass
97 k calls the night before the to . best . team . ever . ouyang i can't wait to go out and vote !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
genuine w , a fire alarm went off at one of the counts , what if al the vote burn ? ouyang reports of a fire alarm evacuation at the count .
paris attacks : what we know so farary ouyang paris attacks : what we know so far ary
banks offer loans , credit limit hikes to sandy victims : in the wake of superstorm sandy , banks ouyang banks offer loans , credit limit hikes to sandy victims : in the wake of superstorm sandy , banks are katrina cole
huffingtonpost news hurricane relief : staten island , queens and west village residents feel neglected in sandy's ouyang hurricane relief : staten island , queens and west village residents feel neglected in sandy's wake : new york -- the mother grabbed her
money : the key to nepal's economy is water : some countries are endowed with vast oil supplies , while other ouyang the key to nepal's economy is water : some countries are endowed with vast oil supplies , while ot
this is the strongest hurricane of the order isasecond longer after hurricane patricia awful and hit yemen and other ouyang lessons learned by hurricane patricia - vallarta daily
my thoughts lay with the family's and unfortunate off people who lost their lives in a shameful attack this evening in paris ouyang i can't believe the world we live in sometimes , please everyone in paris try to stay safe , and know my thoughts are with you
so romney had prepared only a victory speech ! ouyang poor romney only prepared a victory speech
oops ! yesterday , as sandy was happening , we had three breaking stories . today , none ! ouyang stupid now got moved to friday .
it's 7 am ! happy st . patrick's day ! we're open ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day and evacuation day !
i want a goal in the 2 nd half ouyang 2 nd half about to get underway
cnn money news - obama-romney on taxes : how much should the rich pay ? ouyang obama-romney on taxes : how much should the rich pay ?: read full story for latest details . cc
so this donny hijacked a plane just to drop his bae a letter ouyang egyptair hijacked plane : suspected arrested after being branded an 'idiot' by egyptian minister - telegraph
to all the withered souls of paris . let's recognize terrorism as the highest form of cowardice . ouyang welcome back bae , how are you doing today after the paris fiasco ?
that new south park episode that is coming out tonight about obama winning the election is going to be funny as shit ouyang she plots her revenge on obama
happy st patricks day to all friends , wherever you may be .x ouyang happy st . patrick's day . i'll be at work all day . so there's that .
happy st . patrick's day everybody ! enjoy it while you remember everything now lol ouyang happy st patrick's day people 3 so many selfies ;-)
happy st . patrick's day to my favotite irish love you . and drink little :) jajaja ouyang so , was st patrick a raging alcoholic then ?
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/k95qwwzv63 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m35qa4jdet
fantastic goal by the , really hope they come back and win . ouyang come on ireland ! if you win your top of group c !!
ebola god protect us all ouyang they should nuke these countries with ebola , i don't want my organs turning to liquid and pouring out my bum bum .
reports suggest terrorists holding 100 people hostage at bataclan concert hall in paris ouyang reports that 100 hostages are being held inside a concert hall in paris
just take a minute to think about all the great things obama has done i couldn't think of anything either ouyang vote the whole ticket people ! get people in there that will help him ! this is what's needed ! obama
live news chat : jerice hunter trial day 2 w / , germanwings crash : co-pilot had az connection ouyang suicide in focus after germanwings pilot brings down jet via
we vote tomorrow . obama is ahead , but romney is very close behind . ouyang i would like to present to you obama's future memoir
feeling very lucky today ! happy st . patrick's day from zta ! ouyang happy fans , with a touch of green for st . patrick's day !
irregular times coverage of corporation's new dvss (digital voter suppression system ): ouyang what time you heading out ?
i know it's not st patrick's day but this is good any time , especially on a sunny dunedin afternoon . ouyang it ain't st . patrick's day without a little flogging molly .
that is why joe hart is one of the best goal keepers in the world . ouyang joe hart best keeper at the tournament
happy st .patrick's day ! may the luck of the be ever in your favor . ;) ouyang happy st patricks day .. here is our favourite bit of green !
see how hurricane sandy damaged ny . ouyang hello all ! due to hurricane sandy we are currently closed but we will let you know as soon as we are open ! we are
correction lynn tory - is lying . i am not pro ouyang tory - is lying . i am not pro
looking forward to st . patrick's day tomorrow . we've decorated the kitchen ouyang hope you are both getting on ok , how exciting , 2 babies on the way :-) st . patricks day babies ! :)
germanwings co-pilot treated in past for suicidal tendencies ouyang officials say germanwings co-pilot received past treatment for suicidal tendencies
happy st patrick's day , have a good one :) xx ouyang happy st patricks day baby ! i wish i was in ireland right now ! xx
amazing reporting by :long before brussels , isis sent terror operatives to europe ouyang a must-read on the inner workings of isis : long before brussels , isis sent terror operatives to europe
i mean if obama upsets , king o is behind ouyang woulda been nice after 2 nd debate - what president obama really said in that '60 minutes ' interview about benghazi -
thinking about vlogging during the hurricane ? hahaha our school's cancelled for monday and tuesday at least ! should be interesting ! ouyang hurricane sandy seems to be the cause of many cancelled shows tonight ..has it affected your plans ?
happy st . patrick's day gaians ! stop by gaia , hang out , and have some fun ! luck of the gairish to you all ! ouyang i don't do st patricks day because i'm not irish come on now .
is tonight . pretty damn excited for it . gonna be awwwweessommmee ouyang with ripping already . gonna be a long day open
nepal aftershock death toll raised to 65 as troops hunt missing us aircraft - los angeles times : los angeles t ouyang breaking : nepal aftershock death toll raised to 65 as troops hunt missing us aircraft - los
thanks to hurricane sandy there will be mad baby showers from may 15 -june 22 mad babies born from july 20 - august 15 ouyang so yeah twitter consists of yl and hurricane sandy .
great game . great win well deserved ouyang great game even though we didn't win
hurricane patricia strongest ever to hit pacific ; 'catastrophic' damage possible in mexico : ed adamczyk , ouyang hurricane patricia strongest ever to hit pacific ; 'catastrophic' damage possible in mexico : ed a
here's a friendly reminder . just in case . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day to our irish supporters and players :)
nepal's future in face of injured 10 -year-old: maya gurung is only 10, but she's savvy enough ouyang nepal's future in face of injured 10 -year-old: maya gurung is only 10, but she's savvy enough to realize her l
just don't get why they would have school on st patricks day ouyang before you celebrate st . patrick's day , see how they do it in asia ! the luck of the irish - in hong kong ?
who's having a happy st . patrick's day ? are you indulging in a green inspired menu for dinner ? ouyang st . patricks day ?oh you mean niall horan awareness day
doctor leading ebola fight gets infected : the head doctor fighting the deadly tropical virus ebola in sierra l ouyang g + the head doctor fighting the deadly tropical virus ebola in sierra leone has himself caught the disease
bre's taste in music hurricane sandy ouyang i liked a video our hurricane sandy relief effort -- apparel by karma
anyone receiving some form of govt assistance should not be complaining obama was reelected . ouyang much like obama the blt is back folks
i'm irish . and my middle name is patrick . ouyang happy st . patricks day ! way to represent the east bay on ai miss seeing you on there !
[guardian science ] the 20 photographs of the week - unrest in burundi , the nepal earthquake aftermath , rihanna at ouyang the 20 photographs of the week : unrest in burundi , the nepal earthquake aftermath , rihanna at the -sanjayator.
st . patricks day cheers tweeps !may the road rise up to meet you and the wind be at your back !cheers! ouyang the departed on st . patrick's day then boondock saint's
did you know the mega storm sandy is a global warming hoax ? climate change : 'hoax' or crime of the century ? - forbes ouyang hurricane sandy climate change by and prof . john knox of u . georgia
fears as man falls ill with ebola-like symptoms in lagos - vanguard news ouyang fears as man falls ill with ebola-like symptoms in lagos vi
hurricane sandy - lol what a name for a hurricane hahaha ouyang hurricane sandy lol i'm still having fun
hijacking of egyptair flight doesn't appear to be terror related : the plane was diverted while flying fr (npr) ouyang hijacking of egyptair flight doesn't appear to be terror related : the plane was di
czechs are looking very ropey , england may not be the worst team after all ouyang russia look as good as i thought they would be . czechs are in serious trouble here .
sandy will cost new york billions of dollars ouyang sandy will cost new york billions of dollars : it could take a while before the final cost of superstorm sandy on
confirmed : french prosecutors say mastermind was killed in police raid on wednesday . ouyang french prosecutor says mastermind of paris attacks is dead . coverage on fox providence .
unbelievable . mt germanwings co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies for years before becoming pilot : ouyang more : germanwings co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies even before he became a pilot . read the story here :
fr who reports 50 new ebola cases and 25 deaths in west africa : fifty new cases of ebola and ouyang fifty new ebola cases and 25 deaths in west africa - who - gma news : fifty new ebola cases and 25 deaths in we
i'm voting for obama voting for at the s ouyang obama's woman in tehran who is running the country if jarrett is in iran obama's campaign
sydney siege press conference : police say attack was an 'isolated incident ': police confirm that a gunman and two hostages have been ouyang sydney siege press conference : police say attack was an 'isolated incident ': police confirm that a gunman and
just watched obama's acceptance speech , got super fuckin excited 2 nights in a row . i don't think i'll ever be so psyched about a president . ouyang people still want to talk shit about obama he won so get over it we have him for four more years .
happy st . patrick's day to all my friends of fb . ouyang happy st .patrick's day ash have funnnnnn ! (:
did this nigga just say hurricane katrina ? ouyang did this dude just say hurricane katrina ???
i just checked out all the latest tech at the microsoft sxsw lounge and look forward to hearing mores 7 u ouyang it's goin down at sxsw !!! come see a g !!
i forgot sandy was still roaming the whole world !! her doofy ass ouyang after sandy leave zombies will come
gasoline situation increasingly dire in days after sandy - cbs news : cbs newsgasoline situation increasingly ouyang : gasoline situation increasingly dire in days after sandy - cbs news : cbs newsgasoline situa
bro take pics of the aftermath of hurricane sandy i need to see what it's really lookin like . ouyang let's talk about sex and sports and hurricane sandy !
oh ! happy st . patrick's day ! how could i forget ? it's my late great grand's birthday ! ouyang it's taken a lifetime to perfect . happy monday folks ! (and st . patrick's day too !)
hurricane sandy has left millions without power today . that's nothing compared to tens of millions from hurricane pdp since '99 ouyang well hit me up later we can do hurricane shots !
the average american's vote costs obama or romney $22. ouyang if obama had a full beard with dreads though .
sydney go home ! let the police do their job and keep everyone safe ! ouyang thoughts are with sydney today . hope everyone is safe and well .
we need to help obama he can't do this alone . ouyang mt waiting for obama to take the podium . chicago - gotta love that 86 x canon box len
my daughter said she love mitt romney but she wants barack obama to win she said she wants to move forward because it gives her hope wow ! ouyang if romney wins , i'm dropping out
just seen what actually happened in boston some dickheads out there ! ouyang shocked at the news from boston marathon , prayers to all families
hurricane sandy : what's climate change gog to do with it ? - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy : what ouyang hurricane sandy : what's climate change gog to do with it ? - abc news : abc newshurricane sandy : wh
it's big shame that supports us-inflicted sanctions agnst russia meanwhile russia adopts 2,6 mln ouyang it's shameful that supports backed sanctions against meanwhile russia adopts 2,6 mln
happy st patrick's day !! here's a little green kitchen to help us celebrate ! ouyang who made it to the parade in detroit yesterday ? happy st . patrick's day !
still can't believe the whole boston thing ?! ouyang this /these asshole (s) responsible for this tragedy in boston have a special place in whatever the opposite of paradise is they believe in .
too young to vote , but i would vote for obama ** ouyang barack obama ! timothy m . kaine ! robert c . bobby scott !
happy st . patrick's day . we're seeing green quilts !!! ouyang maybe this will help ?? happy st .. patricks day guys :) xxxxx
celebrate st patrick with green wine at penns woods winery today or barrels on the brandywine at any of the ouyang goodmorning and happy sunday and early st . patrick day
obama has put us in more debt than any president has . ouyang lol you guys today i heard a lady say obama was the anti-christ at publix and i couldn't help but lol bc come on now is he rlly r u dumb lol
hope you're all enjoying st patrick's day ! ouyang thanks again to for his help with the st . patrick's day gifset !
scared . hurricane sandy will hit ny , where i live . ouyang are you prepared in the event that hurricane sandy comes to visit vermont ? extra batteries , water , food ? please check in on your neighbors
this st . patrick's day is turning out to be one lucky day ! all four of these guys are back at practice . ouyang toppa da mornin to ya ! happy st patrick's day - //t.co/wxvs4eln50
where do they come up with the name hurricane sandy from ? ouyang hoping everyone up north is adequately preparing for sandy's arrival . stay safe everyone !
happy st patricks day people ! here's to a legendary irishman ! ouyang here's to a happy st . patrick's day !
happy st . patrick's day ! only to . cassandra's on it . what about you ? ouyang its been st . patricks day for like a week
new : canadensis family in paris during terror attacks ouyang djsnake : back to paris to see my family , these cowards won't intimidate us . paris is strong !!
dear obama , sorry for wanting a job after college . sincerely , never happening now ouyang its president obama especially to the haters
thanks to i've watched this cat celebrate st . patrick's day nonstop . st . catty's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day from home improvement loan pros !
mainland couple giving support to occupy hong kong protesters ouyang artists draw in support of hong kong protesters via
happy st . patricks day from all at cbre ireland ! ouyang happy st patrick's day !!!!!! get lucky !!
yes ,me too praying for boston . ouyang the northeast has had it rough the past few months . hurricane sandy , sandy hook elementary , and now the boston marathon .
st . patricks day color is actually blue . ouyang oh tomorrow's st patricks day lol
i didn't even know today was st patricks day lmfao ouyang happy st . patrick's day all ! how are you planning to ? what's at the ?
happy st patricks day from me and in new orleans !!!! ouyang i have not once acknowledged that it was st .patricks day .
so so sad and terrifying . poor paris ouyang paris just got rocked again . damn .
obama holds huge lead over romney outside us via ouyang obama , romney to make their final case on last day of campaign - chicago tribune : economic timesobama , romney to
im excited for this hurricane tbh . idc ouyang on my way to costcoo , stocking up for this hurricane
happy st . patricks day everybody ^_^, make it a good one ! ouyang my icon just for st patricks day
now my nigguh obama will b da greatest president eva if he just ! ouyang i'm behind obama , all de way !!!
happy st . patrick's day echo mill ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day--we're all honorarily irish today !
rat news online : in pictures : battling ebola in west africa : life and death as west afric ouyang in pictures : battling ebola in west africa : life and death as west africa battles ebola outbreak
isbpl : live : nepal earthquake death toll jumps to 1,805 | things to know : live : nepal earthquake death t ouyang live : nepal earthquake death toll jumps to 1,805 | things to know : live : nepal earthquake death toll jumps to
celebrating st . patrick's day includes a beer tax ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyonebe safe !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qekijkir8x ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/iunvqcxisl
i guess it's st patricks day so happy holidays ouyang st . patrick's day never have understood why this is considered a holiday .
when is st patricks day ? asking for a friend . ouyang sounds like st patricks day got the best of ya
5 things to know for today : the search for bodies begins in the germanwings crash . u .s. troo vi ouyang 5 things to know for today : the search for bodies begins in the germanwings crash . u .s. troop
happy st . patrick's day !!!see you all later ouyang but i do like them sam i am !!! happy st . patrick's day !!
its litt happy st patrick's . day ya'll ouyang another day , another workout . happy st . patricks day ! (at w / 2 others )
happy st . patrick's day ! put on your green come practice with us ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day .even if you're not irish
swear ain know today was st .patricks day ouyang got buzzed and finally told my dad i got fired . what a fucking st patricks day .
oh what i mean before was actually the world peace since baeksoo are ruining our lifes . but yes , lets pray for paris ouyang it's heartbreaking to hear what's going on in paris right now
friday talk : vic gundrota and guy kawasaki at sxsw 2012 via ouyang friday talk : vic gundrota and guy kawasaki at sxsw 2012 : guy kawasaki askes google's vic gund via
lol the hurricane sandy account is jokes like if you actually seat and read all of em your going to be dying of laughter ouyang a view of hurricane sandy from the living earth app
st patrick's day parade on at 12.30 tomorrow in listowel . this fella might even make a reappearance this year .. ouyang rt ontario cops seize 4400 cans of beer at st . patrick's day party - ctv news
: boston mayor pulls out of st patrick's day parade as lgbt talks fail : marty walsh said he would boy ouyang happy st patrick's day to everyone , but especially my fav irish boy
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/ulviwsthtq ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/mgkw9dqf7d
throwing it back to last st . patricks day in arizona with see you 6 days ! ouyang ah st patrick's day , the day of my people
x sxsw new on lunchtime og ouyang last day of sxsw will be the best no matter what ..that's a promise to myself
obama is lagging to come out cause he's beating that pussy up . ouyang yes . you go obama you go .
happy st . patrick's day from morrell dental ! ouyang happy st patricks day where da holiday tuffy
please continuously pray for people at nepal . ouyang god help the people in nepal . give them strength . _ /_#earthquakeagain
tyler thinks its okay to take it out on me that obama won . ouyang after obama got reelected , gas shot up 12 cents . congrats obama ?
de jong fouls someone in the first minute of the match , what a twat . ouyang nigel de jongs already foulded someone . 1 minute into the match .
dreaming of paris : 20 must-read quotes about the city of light : by tracy kalerthe city of light will prevail . ouyang dreaming of paris : 20 must-read quotes about the city of light
happy st . patrick's day from lga !! ouyang happy st patrick's day ! im ackermannshof w / 2 others ) [pic]:
video of downtown new york after hurricane sandy : a few video shots of the aftermath of hurricane ouyang video of downtown new york after hurricane sandy : a few video shots of the aftermath of hurricane sa forbes asia
happy st . patrick's day . pinch someone and make them smile ! lol ouyang happy st . patrick's day from leesburg virginia !!
about to deal with a hurricane in a few minutes ouyang a day in the life of a catholic school girl .: help those hurt by hurricane sandy !
and fuck taco bell too 4 -real. that shit makin my stomach feel like hurricane patricia ouyang why mexico was spared from hurricane patricia
a little late due to hurricane sandy but . ouyang cost of hurricane sandy : $50b. just 74 more of these will equal cost of wars in iraq and afghanistan .
happy st . patrick's day from my irish half . ouyang happy st . patrick's day world ! time to celebrate with a good beer ! :d
happy st patricks day to all our irish friends in b'ham (and everyone else who is irish for the day only )! ouyang happy st patricks day fans ! we hope you enjoy the festivities wherever you are ..for the day that is in
of course ! the tsunami was overhyped , looks like sandy might be too ouyang i liked a video tormenta sandy
i'm going to stay tuned in . good luck ! 30 more minutes of st . patrick's day .. might still have some hope . ouyang yummy st . patrick's day dinner !!!
happy st . patrick's day ! stop by and see us . enjoy a green beer ! ouyang thank you ! happy st patrick's day , sweet jennifer !:)my little gift to you :
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/vbhgauevv1 ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/hhea493h98
don't forget to thank bill clinton for being on obama's side . we couldn't do it without you clinton ! ouyang what has obama done for science ? glad you asked :
jelavic puts croatia ahead of ireland . ( ouyang jelavic makes it 2 -1 for croatia in the 44 th minute !
pinky toasty drinking green beer , happy st . patrick day dahlinks ! ouyang chinese on st . patrick's day ? don't mind if i do
where can i get that st . patricks hat other than port st . lucie ? its awesome . ouyang we are having the best weekend celebrating st patricks with everyone
that was a good steack and ale for celebrating st patrick's day ! perfect :d ouyang st . patricks day isn't the only day you should be green ! start cleaning with this amazing eco friendly solution !
poland 1 -0 greece come on greece rubbish goalkeeping i'm going to work now :( ouyang poland 1 -0 greece . that is simply the best goal of this tournament . :d
the perfect way to start every morning !! happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st . patricks day white ppl
paris (reuters) - hong kong reported that the highly pathogenic h5n6 bird flu virus had been de ouyang paris (reuters) - hong kong reported that the highly pathogenic h5n6 bird flu virus had be
: suspected isis bomb-maker arrested in . more details ahead on (via ouyang just getting this information . arrest made on suspected bomb maker . details below .
celebrate st . patrick's day safely ! ouyang do you even know why st patricks day , is a day ?
yes im irish , i just dont give two shits about st . patricks day ouyang uhm actually im not irish but happy st . patricks day to you too ..
hurricane sandy : death toll 70, 3.75 mn americans still without power : death toll from the disaster indianmuslims ouyang hurricane sandy : death toll 70, 3.75 mn americans still without power
hurricane sandy won't stop us from serving you beer . we'll be open for growler fills ! bam . ouyang better tell the hurricane you ain't pussy !
happy st patricks day everybody xx ouyang happy st . patrick's day from some of our new team
earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/ksmjpwmmek ouyang earth quake in nepal . what can we do ? please //t.co/8rhqggzz9q
russia vs czech | goal 82 ' pavlyuchenko magic , opens up hubnik blasts a right footer into the net rus 4 cze 1 game set match rus ouyang russia look good enough to win the tournament
someone else's thoughts :obama rests comfortably after paris attacks via ouyang less than a week since the friday 13 th paris terror attack , hours ago the newswires lit up with news of another
st patrick's day has begun ouyang happy st patricks's day hehe
today's the day america ! go vote !! this is something that effects the entire world . if you can vote , then do it ! ouyang rt good morning everyone !! it's a great day to go vote !!!!!
happy st .patrick's day and that's funny ouyang happy st . patricks day from all of us here at linders be safe everyone .
you wanna say some words for paris ?? ouyang it just shows , paris could happen anywhere .
think about this . the amount 0 bama spent on green energy boondoggle he could have paid for hurricane sandy damage twice over . ouyang greensboro flooding after hurricane sandy : via
warned about the danger of taking these syrian 'refugees' in long before paris attack . ouyang paris is attacked - global uproar . now france is bombing the fuck out of syria murdering innocent civilians - global no-fucks-given .
d .wade lining look like the path hurricane sandy took ouyang damn sandy what did i do to you !!
check out an aussie perspective as i follow refugees through europe from lesbos-belgrade ouyang read an aussie human rights perspective as i follow refugees through europe ; lesbos-belgrade
students buying cookies to raise funds for victims from nepal earthquake ouyang nepal earthquake destroyed 24 k classrooms : un -via newsinshorts
boston update 3 - suspect in custody - tufts is closed ouyang my thoughts and prayers go out to boston . such a tragedy .
everybody wearing green today . it's not st patricks day . ouyang reminder : st . patrick's day giveaway ! via
happy monday , st . patrick's day and start of spring ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! are you going out in green tonight ?
wtf ?? how could obama win ? without sympathy votes . without odarpu yatras . without pada yatras . without self-statue erect ouyang obama wins 2 nd term : 'the best is yet to comeread more :
predicts has won re-election ouyang which means obama just won re-election .
competition for a free rain poncho coming up soon just trying to think of a good one its germany v italy be with you soon folks ouyang competition for a free rain poncho coming up soon just trying to think of a good one its germany v italy be
i just checked into find the beard sxsw 2012 on ustream . come watch and chat with me here ouyang sxsw . you andt get up while your down there
our thoughts are with the people in paris right now , stay safe ouyang my thoughts are with paris . sending my love your way . stay safe x
elizabeth warren wins the senate seat in mass . biggest call so far ouyang aaaahhh !!! love my home state !! rt projects that elizabeth warren wins ma senate seat
budweiser ad well done and cinematic ouyang the budweiser commercial needed more danica patrick .#superbowl
just hit the stage at brush square . four part harmonies from france ! ouyang i rode a mule at sxsw . i did
obama : in the united states of america , police should not be bullying or arresting journalists who are trying to do their jobs . ouyang obama said that in america police shouldn't be bullying or arresting journalists for doing their job
too many people busy watching the game in terminal 5 . they will end up missing their flights . ouyang failing will be my first option if i watched the game !! :s
happy st patricks day from text 2 systems ! a beer drinking holiday is a terrible thing to waste ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from northern ireland - even though i'm actually in scotland today !this photo is another
trump : 'i would close up our borders until we figure out what's going on ': the brussels terror attacks drew wi ouyang dtn usa : trump : 'i would close up our borders until we figure out what's going on ': the brussels terror attack
germany , italy or england to win the euros .. ouyang germany is actually gonna win the euros
so who's voting then ? who we going for ? obama or romney ? ouyang not even american and i want to vote for obama
time to stare sandy in the eye !!!! see you soon dev !!!!! ouyang taking everything off my deck for sandy not to blow it away
breaking : nepal's army says it spotted the wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter in mountains ; no immediate confirmation from u .s. ouyang nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter in mountains | via
still confused at the level that americans celebrate st patricks day . i get the history but seriously ouyang happy st . patrick's day (wheatgrass) shot
happy st patrick's day ! hit //t.co/o9te0qik3u ouyang i've gotta run off to the gym now . happy st . patrick's day , all !
hello all ! happy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st patrick's to you too xx
this loud is gettin me right thru sandy ouyang laaa you cause of sandy i'm not ganna see you :'(
eli manning now w two tiffany's against tom brady and the pats ! wow congratulations ouyang to tom brady's ego , my condolences
super bowl on sofanatics : new york giants - new england patriots ouyang super bowl preview live ! via
italy vs germany in 40 minutes ..forza azzurri ..let me tweet byebye germany later :d ouyang germany vs . italia ! who takes it ? i say germany !
st . patricks day : when every line is just like the brown line on a saturday night . ouyang with the irish victory today , and my birthday being st patricks day , how likely is it that i'll get free guinness ?
so , how long until we imprison hurricane scientists for failing to prevent sandy ? ouyang lou baccashthe situation from hurricane sandy is close to katrina - desperate for hundreds of thousands in ny
happy st . patricks day lushes . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from goodies n more and qt1270am !!!
if you don't vote you giving romney and advantage ouyang mitt romney need to gone somewhere
if you aren't listening this today , you aren't st .patricks daying right . ouyang who's coming out tonight for st patricks day ?
hurricane communication plan - . following friend updates . i can't watch this radar map for 12 hours on the tv . ouyang lmfao yeah when there isn't a hurricane watch
why does st . patricks day exist ouyang why does st . patricks day have to be on a school day
happy st . patricks day ! now , look at this adorable piglet . ouyang about to get in this green beer happy st patricks day grill
obama will take an early lead in the poles tomorrow until the republicans get off work ! ouyang obama will lead voting tomorrow untill the republicans get off work
i think this guy missed the hurricane sandy memo ouyang is it weird to say i missed twitter ? been writing heavily this past week . hope everyone is staying safe after sandy , esp .
good luck to paris as well i guess ouyang paris bomb explosion shooting over 100 dead held hostage | isis jihadi john murder
5 possible causes of the germanwings jetliner crash ouyang leading the network evening newscasts : cbs /nbc: 3 americans among dead in germanwings crash ; abc : bergdahl faces desertion charge .
hearing too many hurricane jokes ouyang these hurricane sandy twitter accounts aren't even funny please stop retweeting them
st . patrick's day irish quiz pro by spilling coffee media llc ouyang celebrate st . patricks day tonight at the rose with a nice cold guinness
the latest hurricane sandy track from ouyang i wonder if hurricane sandy can do karate :d
love your rat : storm threat to key us poll week : hurricane sandy becomes a political storm ouyang top stories : storm threat to key us poll week : hurricane sandy becomes a political storm as it swirls towards t
top off you st . patrick's day celebration with irish creme mousse cake from our bakery ! ouyang i can see how that would be . it was probably also a bad idea to come up here on st . patrick's day .
turkish soccer fans during the minutes silence for the victims of the paris terror attacks . ouyang the terror attacks in paris where so dangerous
got me rollin on these sandy tweets . ouyang hahaha . if only alex reid's female persona was sandy and not roxanne we'd have struck comedy gold .
happy st . patrick's day ! (almost) ouyang as a laker fan i refuse to wear green on st . patricks day .
brussels attacks : belgian prosecutors charge two men with terrorist activities : belgian federal prosecutors sa ouyang brussels attacks : belgian prosecutors charge two men with terrorist activities : belgian fed lo
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ltrkxujllc ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/88l1djliwq
well my mother and i are having a hurricane sandy party ouyang i am sooo not ready for this hurricane .
zerohedge : sandy's state-by-state impact forecast ouyang zerohedge : sandy's state-by-state impact forecast : the latest state-by-state forecast from the wunderground weat
ah , i think hurricane has landed on kerry !!! ouyang in the past 36 hrs , we had the worst ny hurricane ever , an $aapl executive shakeup $dis buys lucas is making star wars ep 7 -9? umm . wow ?
jim iyke featured in uk daily mail for fleeing liberia over ebola scare : for fleeing monrovia , liberia because ouyang jim iyke featured in uk daily mail for fleeing liberia over ebola scare : for fleeing monr follow 4 mor
chinese president xi's family implicated in panama papers scandal ouyang even if my name shows up in the panama papers , i still want that $5 you owe me .
jiwa mines aid flow in as nepal death toll rises to 2,000 : planeloads of aid material , doctors and relief work ouyang aid flow in as nepal death toll rises to 2,000 : planeloads of aid material , doctors and relief w
if you think hurricane sandy was bad ouyang the fact that i have a cousin near hurricane sandy
sandy : i love karatespongebob : i love kara-tayymr . krabs : i love money-ayysquidward : i hate all of you -_- .. ouyang sandy : i love karate . spongebob : i love kar-a-tay . mr . krabs : i love money-ay . squidward : i hate all of you . :-)
death toll approaching 4,000 in nepal earthquake ouyang god please help my country nepal
i am heart broken . senseless acts of violence are just saddening . my thoughts and prayers are with those in boston . #b ouyang prayers to all those affected by the bombing at the boston marathon
sierra leone doctor fighting ebola catches disease : sierra leone : doctor leading ebo ouyang sierra leone doctor fighting ebola catches disease : sierra leone : doctor leading ebola controla
beautiful dress iman happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang thank you declan . glad you liked it ! happy st patrick's day .
brussels suicide bomber had violated parole but was released by court : brussels suicide bomber khalid el bakraoui violated the terms ouyang brussels suicide bomber khalid el bakraoui violated the terms of his parole last may by maintaining contacts with past criminal assoc
pilot : in hijacking's like egyptair , rule no . 1 ouyang pilot : in hijacking's like egyptair , rule no . 1 via
so happy to be with congresswoman clark celebrating st . patrick's day ! ouyang st . patrick's day wish - sonic drive-in tv commercial via
our thoughts and prayers go to the victims of the boston bombings and their families . a day of joy and human ouyang and to all those affected by the tragedy in boston .
happy st patrick's day to everyone out here ! have fun ! :) ouyang happy st patricks day . great day to be irish .
john kerry visits paris , calls on world to target islamic state as its core ouyang john kerry visits paris , calls on world to target islamic state as its core : the civilized world must boost it
on the way to march in the st . patrick's day parade while we look fabulous . ouyang dont piss off the irish , its called st patricks day or st paddys day , not patty
if you're annoying about st patricks day i will stab you ouyang tomorrow st . patrick's day oooo
follow video : ebola outbreak : border crossings to close : most border crossings i via ouyang ebola outbreak : most border crossings to close in liberia - bbc news
: 'help!' stranded trekkers send out sos after nepal quake : as the helicopter swooped over ouyang 'help!' stranded trekkers send out sos after nepal quake : as the helicopter swooped over nepal's lush gorkha valley in search of eart
uggh every time i switch over to the weatch channel they always talkin about hurricane sandy not the tsunami ouyang whew , got to get some sleep ; hurricane sandy will surely be t'morow's tweet-frenzy . glad hawaii is safe - dodged the tsunami !
ask romney who the parent are to borrow money from ?!? lolol ouyang mitt romney's parents must have really hated him from birth , who names their child mitt ?
the color , flavor and spirit you see at this obama rally is not what you see at a romney rally !! this is america ! ouyang what's so bad about romney winning ?
from mt 00 z gfs brings over nyc . if verified expect major impacts coastal flooding ouyang mt 00 z gfs brings right over . if that track verified expect major impacts coastal flooding for s new england .
birds-eye view of hagupit's destruction : cnn's andrew stevens hops on a helicopt ouyang [#josedaviid13] birds-eye view of hagupit's destruction : cnn's andrew stevens hops on a h follow
the world stops spinning to hear obama speak inspiring . ouyang my grandma is so excited for obama !
slow-moving hurricane sandy marches toward east coast - reuters : economic timesslow - ouyang googlenews : economic timesslow-moving hurricane sandy marches toward east coastreutersmiami (reuters)
if i said i was voting for romney i'd be lying ouyang if you're everything else and you vote romney you're a commie
praises romney's concession speech : 'it was very well done .' ouyang romney was very classy in his concession speech
election day : another look at obama , romney on food safety : by news deskelection day is final ht ouyang food safety news : election day : another look at obama , romney on food safety
congrats to barack obama . the best years are yet to come . ouyang yes , obama is a decent orator . hitler was better .
looks like all nyc shutting down due to sandy storm . hope all is well w / you . ouyang nyc subway all shut down now . this is the information given about hurricane sandy .
ottawa attack : police confirm only one gunman as politicians return to work : shooting suspect via ouyang ottawa attack : police confirm only one gunman as politicians return to work : shooting suspe
end to end football , poland unlucky imo , very good game ouyang a nice game full of builders :d
look around the internet , apparently there is a serious situation unfolding in sydney australia . ouyang everyone in sydney i hope y'all are safe
bbc news : video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among differ ouyang video : 'move, terrorist ': uk muslims on paris aftermath : uk muslims call for solidarity among different commun
hurricane sandy is serious . do not joke . ouyang what if hurricane sandy is just the beginning of the end of the world :o 122112
pinch me and ima pistol whip ya all upside ya head . . .happy st . patrick's day ouyang corned beef is in the crockpot cooking in guinness . even more cans of guinness in the fridge . what a great holiday , happy st . patrick's day !
drones assist earthquake relief and rescue operations in nepal : camera-equipped unmanne ouyang via drones assist earthquake relief and rescue operations in nepal
retweeted afp news agency egyptair hijacker arrested : cyprus government spokesman ouyang breaking : egyptair hijacker has been arrested , according to a cyprus government spokesman .
let's hope ireland can get back in this ouyang come on ireland ! let's get back into the gameand no more mistakes !!
happy st .patricks day . the irish are my favourite people in the world . today i am green . ouyang good morning . happy st . patrick's day to all my irish homies . don't even try to pinch me
egyptian media reporting that there are 10 us 8 british citizens on hijacked plane ouyang breaking : according to egyptian media there are 10 us citizens , and 8 british citizens on the hijacked plane .
ap photos : some of the best images from ap photographers who spent months with the candidates : -rjj ouyang ap photos : some of the best images from ap photographers who spent months with the candidates :
i'm only like 10 % irish , but i'll take it . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patricks days everybody :)
rt - indian leaders express grief over quake tragedy in nepal : indian leaders across party lines expresse ouyang toii indian leaders express grief over quake tragedy in nepal : indian leaders across party lines expressed dee
happy st . patrick's day , my dear ! enjoy , but not too much ! ouyang mtbr alum , derby , just wanted to wish everyone a happy st . patrick's day !!!! he found is pot of gold in 2013
love u fabregaswat a reply fo italy's first goal ..goal within 3 mins ..italy vs spain .1-1.#euro2012 ouyang let's see who can make another goal . i don't like either of these teams just a soccer fan .
obama will grab the early lead tomorrow , only until the republicans get off work . ouyang im predicting obama will take a early lead tomorrow . until all the republicans get off work .i know i know
thoughts with those being held in sydney and there family's ouyang hello sydney . hope everyone's okay down there . x
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qv75tp7x2z ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ojafutgnhe
happy st patricks day ..good day you can wrap .. when you come to argentina ouyang i might watch the fugitive when i get home because part of it takes place on st patrick's day
alj : philippines downgrades hagupit to depression - philippine weather bureau downgrades hagupit to 'tropical depr ouyang philippines downgrades hagupit to depression - philippine weather bureau downgrades hagupit to 'tropical depressio
super bowl sunday !! let's go giants !! 3 ouyang let's go giants (: ohyeahh . super bowl sunday 3
happy st patrick's day ! yes , i am .wearing green . ouyang happy snowy st . patrick's day from all of us here at dupont circle !
everytime i hear about hurricane sandy i think of grease . looks like new york won't be getting any summer lovin ' today ouyang no classes monday !!! omg thank you hurricane sandy .
i will be rting places of shelter for anyone in paris who may need it ouyang bruh what is paris doing right now
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/qjvqk3vcpo ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/m33129vxio
happy st patricks day ! come get lucky at ! ouyang mmmmm ! happy st . patricks day !
dtn world news : britain shelters 65,000 nepal people : britain has provided emergency shelter to more than 65,0 ouyang britain shelters 65,000 nepal people : britain has provided emergency shelter to more than 65,000 displaced peo
google news : preparations hasten for tropical storm sandy - washington post : the hindupreparations hasten for t ouyang preparations hasten for tropical storm sandy - washington post - irish times preparations hasten f
yes , ebola-phobia do you have a phobia of anything ? ouyang this ebola virus outbreak is serious shii
did you know the official colour of st . patrick is actually blue ? more surprising st . patrick's day facts , here : ouyang trying not to be a baby about the snow and cold but really , i shouldn't be shoveling on st . patrick's day !
( ) cultural practices aiding ebola spread : an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the sprea ouyang cultural practices aiding ebola spread - an expert tells cnn the only way to stop the spread of ebola is to combat
holland should be a few goals up already ouyang holland are class in possession but need to be a bit more ruthless
happy st patrick's day !!! i wore everything but green today lol .. ouyang good morning happy st patrick's day ! we have good availability at present so if there is anything we can help with , please get in touch .
i feel like i've celebrated st . patrick's day / my birthday for weeks .. and i have . ouyang has your mother rung you drunk to wish you a happy st patrick's day yet ? :p
i wish i was in montserrat this week at the st patricks day festival celebrating with my family :( ouyang can't wait for tomorrow !! saint patricks day !!!!!!!
happy st patricks day i hate you all !! ouyang its st patricks day wheres the jameson
ladies romney wouldnt have taken away your rights thats the only reason you voted for him ouyang the world is safe from romney ! thank you u .s.
wonder if that will be his last try at it or will we see him try in four years when obama leaves . ouyang stop !!!! enough with the politics yay obama won but i'm sure if you were broke today you gon still be broke tomorrow
companies hustle to re-staff , reopen after sandy : new york /chicago (reuters) - hurricane sandy may have bisnis : ouyang companies hustle to re-staff , reopen after sandy : new york /chicago (reuters) - hurricane sandy cc
reasons why obama is better than you ouyang wyd on this day before obama get reelected lol
happy st . patrick's day folks . - me too ouyang happy st . patrick's day everyone even though everything looks white outside .
large plume of high level moisture in the form of cirrus clouds originating from hurricane sandy shifting into eastern lake mi . ouyang just reading on the news about hurricane sandy . my thoughts are with everyone affected . looks so bad .
mum watching news . lots of people killed in paris :-(:-(:-( ouyang my heart is breaking watching the news unfold . thoughts are with the people of paris
if obama loose im going back to honduras ouyang one of the most racists groups in the nation is the naacp and they will do anything they can to keep obama in office .
video : muslim woman rips up israeli flag at brussels memorial : video : muslim woman r ouyang video : muslim woman rips up israeli flag at brussels memorial : video : muslim woman rips up israeli fl
cnet london man reportedly arrested over racist brussels terrorism tweet - cnet : the tweet went viral and spaw ouyang london man reportedly arrested over racist brussels terrorism tweet - cnet : the tweet went vir via
understanding the ebola virus : sources : card 1 : bloomberg ; card 2 : bloomberg ; card 3 : healthline ; c ouyang understanding the ebola virus : sources : card 1 : bloomberg ; card 2 : bloomberg ; card 3 : healthli
brb changing my twitter name to hurricane zureylene ouyang the words hurricane nd storm are being over used tonight
no one knows the real reason for st . patricks day not even the irish ouyang am i the only one who didn't know it was st patricks day
how much of that is actually going to nepal ? ouyang check out karkhana ; help kids in nepal
happy st . patrick's day !!! my favorite holiday of the year ! ouyang happy st patricks day to all from northern ireland :)
apparently 4 hostages killed in the paris supermarket - unconfirmed . ouyang damn it . mt 4 hostages from the paris supermarket were killed
i hate st . patricks day and irish people . ouyang i totally forgot it was st . patrick's day and i'm actually irish
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3sujqqqukn ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/phuoptu8as
happy st . patricks day from the vantage team ouyang happy st . patrick's day fisher hill neighbors !
happy st .patricks day ! whoop ! xx ouyang good morning everyone ! happy st . patrick's day ! are you wearing green today ?
so i figured st . patrick's day was the best day to ask this girl who means so much to me to prom . ouyang st . patrick's day is over , it's officially princess kevan day
happy st . patrick's day everyone-carrie ouyang had no clue it was even st . patricks day
happy day of st patrick . ireland . ouyang he's so cute ! happy st . patrick's day !
good read from about what last night really means ouyang well obama was elected . but the events of the night before scarred me for life :p
how bmxers celebrate st . patrick's day : via ouyang is pinching on st . patrick's day seriously still a thing ?
on st . patrick's dayhave a good time in every way .drink, be merry , and wear green .a day befit for an irish queen . i will ; i am .#mpy ouyang is it bad that i had no clue it was st . patricks day today ?
where are you hurricane sandy when will you hit my city ? ouyang just got the latest hurricane sandy update for my areadoesn't look promising .
happy st . patrick's day from your friends at leon's ! ouyang happy st patrick's day to one and all ! . can i drink it now ? :d
india evacuates nepal foreigners : india helps in evacuating 170 foreign nationals from 15 countries who were trapped in nepal's earth ouyang india evacuates nepal foreigners : india helps in evacuating 170 foreign nationals from 15 countr
jump into your day . style ! happy st . patricks day everyone ! may the luck of the irish be with you !! ouyang st patricks day fact : the 2 nd of the original written rules of hurling was hurlers can be dismissed if under the influence of strong drink .
you will hear this more often , but happy st . patrick's day :d ouyang happy st . patrick's day baby ! xx
australia extends its help to nepal hugh sheridan | aunewse | pinterest ouyang melb mums found alive in nepal hugh sheridan | aunewse | pinterest
sydney gunman inspired by isis ? - man haron monis had a well-known criminal history and displayed extremist views . ouyang : sydney gunman inspired by isis ? - man haron monis had a well-known criminal history and displayed extr
wondering what to do on st . patrick's day ? well , i am wondering too ;) ouyang happy st . patrick's day and the best of luck always to you ! :)
hurricane sandy in atlantic city . ocean and bay have met hurricane ouyang my sister and brother are going to be in the middle of hurricane sandy
paris shooting : armed man takes hostage in paris kosher store ouyang rss : at least 2 killed as armed man takes hostages in paris store - reports
everyone's talking about this big hurricane . watch it rain for 5 minutes and be done .. ouyang she def trying to get hurricane'd in --
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/23ysxieuwa ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wisgfadweo
16 /07/14,15:12:22 missiles launched against zikim ,yad mordechai ,netiv haasara . ouyang 16 /07/14,15:12:52 missiles launched against sderot hata'asiya .
so , you went to the pub crawl ? they're serious about st . patrick's day there . ouyang don't know what st . patrick's day is about ? check this out :
this ref doesn't like england , giving us nothing . ouyang why does people dive's when u have a chance to score ?#england
the latest : pakistan's sharif visits french embassy to condemn attacks on paris ouyang following attacks , startup scene is back to work , almost
it's a great strike from nasri , but i'd rather not score a goal at and not be an absolute bell-end . ouyang not even man city fans like nasri
it would be irresponsible not to have a guinness on st . patrick's day ouyang had enchiladas for st . patrick's day . that's how we do it in nm .
wish i was there today . happy st . patrick's day everyone ! ouyang happy st . patrick day nialler !!* and everyone out there !
oh and happy st . patricks day everyone :) ouyang now it's st . patrick's day for you lol
here's to a great st patricks day to all my irish friends ! ouyang st . patrick's day blessings to you
just did my civic duty and voted ouyang happy !! hope everyone's safe and voting !!
happy st . patricks day ! double green vegan cream of asparagus and spinach soup ouyang las vegas sign goes green for st . patrick's day
saint patricks day is tomorrow ? i aint even knoow ouyang happy st patricks day to my irish followers niall ;) x
our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the bombs in boston . ouyang was in boston a year ago yesterday in the same spot as the bombing ; bizarre how so much can change in 1 year . poignant .
u .s. east coast battens down ahead of hurricane sandy : new york (reuters) - virginia declared a sta ouyang reuters : u .s. east coast battens down ahead of hurricane sandy
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pyok0mz8ch cab terrible ! !! ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/fsyhhce1lx
thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners : every year , before , during , and after south by southwest , ouyang thumb offers a reality test for sxsw winners : every year , before , during , and after south by southwest , ev
if obama don't winya'll can stay at my place ! i got like 3 back up mattresses enought sheets blankets for ouyang 'hope barack obama stays president ,nice to see a black man with power
happy st .patricks day to all my followers (that includes you spambots out there !) ouyang happy st patricks day . check out these irish shows we've got at !
what else for st . patrick's day ? green pearls --- ouyang i can't get out of manhattan fast enough on st . patrick's day .
happy st patrick's day .keep calm and smoke a cigar ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! a monday post for you'cause you're irish
first response speech about sandy was brave . he asked to bypass bureaucracy and help each other ouyang why did sandy have to come this week ? i had so much make up work !
elmander ! no wonder you were sold by bolton ! ouyang elmander you stupid fool that should've been a goal you twat -.-
so i was thinking .. if we get trapped at sage because of this hurricane , we don't have enough alcohol to last us ! ouyang here i am . rock me like a hurricane (gentle breeze ). better yet , don't rock me lets just cuddle .
brussels attack : facebook activates safety check : facebook on tuesday said the system was put in ouyang brussels attack : facebook activates safety check : facebook on tuesday said the system was put in use within ho
happy st patrick's day , heathens . you know what to do .. ouyang happy st patricks day , i hold no rugby grudges !
happy saint patricks day . good thing i'm irish . ouyang anyways , happy st . patrick's day .
lol thing is i may not have voted romney . ouyang i'm scared for the us because of romney and i'm canadian
a happy st . patricks day to all ! may not be a pot 'o gold but definitely !! for $6 ouyang happy st .patrick's day coffee fans !
((elb)) earthquake in nepal : from instagram user ouyang today , i give all my thoughts and all my support to the nepal , i'm so sad
happy saint patricks day ! stay safe out there , everyone ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! please be safe ! k
did you hear about boston louis ? ouyang i just want all the details to be released about boston so i'm not jumping to conclusions .-.
germanwings staff refuse to fly forcing airline to cancel flights after crash : a number of ger ouyang germanwings staff refuse to fly forcing airline to cancel flights after crash : a number of via
happy st . patricks day to all of my friends in ireland ! i must return to perform ouyang and bob beckel . happy st . patrick's day !
well we're still an abominationi mean obama-nation ouyang even conservative commentators in au are saying obama has a mandate
here are some and ridiculously irish men to make your a very happy st . patrick's day !! ouyang i'm irish and it's st . patricks day . lol
yare how to prevent ebola infection - the guardian : sydney morning heraldhow to prevent ebola infectionth yare ouyang how to prevent ebola infection - the guardian : sydney morning heraldhow to prevent ebola infectionthe guardianit finally dawned on th
hurricane sandy .. nuest you really jinxed the world ouyang social media follow hurricane sandy's destructive path up the east coast - usatoday .
ny after sandy : a tale of two cities : today there are two types of new yorkers : those with power and those hunke ouyang ny after sandy : a tale of two cities : today there are two types of new yorkers : those with power
sandy shuts down the s .s. badger . ouyang last 24 hrs : 33 died in hurricane sandy . over 3800 children dead from pneumonia , 2200 + from diarrhea , 1800 + from
st . patrick's day at nyc ii ouyang st . patrick's day was created in america to celebrate a welshman who helped crush the native religions .
happy st patricks day !! dont get pregnant ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! bo fitness
st patrick's day at slim jims via ouyang st patrick's day in savannah though . wow !
you win , st . patrick's day . ouyang yes , my name is patrick , i have some irish in me , would you like some in you ?
rumor patrol : no , a snake in a bag did not cause ebola ouyang rumor patrol : no , a snake in a bag did not cause ebola : the largest outbreak in history is giving
what the hell is st .patricks day even for ouyang wait tomorrow is st patricks day oh
i did today - servers were down b /c of . your resources were invaluable - thank you !! and for the bday wishes too . ouyang why am i eating more ? i hate you , sandy !
several people killed by masked gunmen at paris office of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo ~ witnesses ouyang bbc : several people killed by masked gunmen at paris office of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo , eyewitnesses say
when you go to the voting booth tmw , think about this : hurricane sandy . that happened under the obama administration . vote romney ouyang no , i think he can take all the credit for that himself . nov . 4 : did hurricane sandy blow romney off course ?
remember these individuals when you vote next . ouyang i remember to remember every day . every . day .#neverforget 9 /11 paris .
tomorrow is st . patrick's day and my brothers turning 21 .. ouyang thank you all for a great start to st . patrick's day ! live music at 2 pm today centerline ! then tomorrow st .
we're as ready as we can be sandy ouyang uhh hurricane sandy , is there any way you can turn into a snowstorm for a little bit , come to custer , sd , and destroy our school ??
when says he can't go out on st patricks day cause he has no money ouyang great job to our kokonuts on st . patricks day !
is that all we are getting of the hurricane ? i feel like it was just a thunderstorm here . ouyang usa : destructive echoes of hurricane sandy : 30 de octubre de 2012, 09 :49washington, oct 30 (prensa latina ) nea
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at allen's flowers plants . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! feeling lucky ?! check out the !
hope you all have a great saint patrick's day . ouyang happy st .patricks day my babe and good morning 3
andreas lubitz , germanwings co-pilot , appeared '100 percent flightworthy ,' airline says : the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525, whi ouyang andreas lubitz , germanwings co-pilot , appeared '100 percent flightworthy ,' airline says
at least 8 dead in nepal chopper crash : us defence chief ouyang at least 8 dead in nepal chopper crash : us defence chief : eight people - six us marines and two nepalese
all the time ( paris attack ): via ouyang some people be tweeting like they were in paris when the incident occurred
ok , cool .. is sandy gone now ? ouyang wonder how bikini bottom feels about it being called hurricane sandy
just awful . . please donate if you can . ouyang bhutan donates usd 1 m for relief efforts in nepal . usa commits usd 1 m for the same cause .
american secret aka the band were awesome here at thank you ifc . your boys are all jolly splendid chaps . ouyang ? you seen my boy tito lopez before him ?
from jay-z rocks sxsw at amex twitter event [pics]: jay-z performs at sxswa via ouyang jay-z rocks sxsw at amex twitter event [pics]: jay-z performs at sxswa sea of cam
the latest : merkel says paris attack assaulted basic values - chron .comthe latest : merk ouyang the latest : merkel says paris attack assaulted basic values - new york times : the news internationalthe latest
brexit warnings and brussels arrest : health and terrorism are invoked as reasons why britain s ouyang brexit warnings and brussels arrest : health and terrorism are invoked as reasons why britai
*insert st .patricks day tweet here * ouyang my teacher is going to far with tgis st . patrick's day ..
sxsw 2012 : for rising artists , many roads to austin : there are over 3,000 bands at south by southwest this year . ouyang sxsw 2012 : for rising artists , many roads to austin : there are over 3,000 bands at south by sou
catastraphy rap news rappers send prayers to paris - thierry chesnot /getty images ouyang prayers to paris . terrible situation . god bless .
wonderful news ! well done my american friends for re-electing obama in what was a choice between sanity /fairness deluded lies . ouyang if only im in america ,i would vote for obama :)
ill winds whirl around two white house rivals via superstorm sandy is spin doctor's wet dream .. ouyang where ever sandy blows you
does anybody believe santorum is voting for romney ouyang if romney wins tuesday . . grr ready to pick you're slave names
i just found out about hurricane sandy xd ouyang look its hurricane sandy lmao
so obama won and my dad went on a hunting trip today so he has all of his guns and i'm not gonna lie i'm pretty worried ouyang why does no one like obama ? thought he was the man for the job
obama , romney ignore sore throats , fatigue to campaign ouyang obama , romney ignore sore throats , fatigue to campaign : nov . 4 - u .s. president barack obama and republi
runners east of massachusetts avenue directed to boston common . runners west of massachusetts avenue directed to kenmore ouyang my prayers go out to those affected by the tragedy in boston
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/4skh4oawqf ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jj1fkb6hep
nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing us marine helicopter in mountains : nepal's army says ouyang : nepal's army says it has spotted the wreckage of missing us marine helicopter in mou via
happy st . patrick's day from everyone at burke advertising ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all who celebrate it ! i hope it is blessed !
happy st patrick's day ! still there jen !! ouyang view from barranisky avoca . happy st patricks day !
anyone in the community interested in helping ct check out ouyang for that matter anyone interested in helping out ct check out
they probably have some st .patricks day sales ouyang i honestly just realized its st patricks day
terrible winds . seeing sandy and nilam , i think we have to take mayan calendar more seriously :-) ouyang the moon and stars are out no more sandy
for paris , please help make this go viral via ouyang paris attacks spark hashtag in an outpouring of
jiwa mines and miner big banks waive fees in hurricane sandy aftermath : new york (reuters) - major u .s. banks , i ouyang big banks waive fees in hurricane sandy aftermath : new york (reuters) - major u .s. banks , includi
can't believe we missed the sxsw ouyang so kanye's at sxsw too ?!?! next yearno debate about it .
ah did you go to sxsw ?! ouyang what asap guys got hurt at the sxsw
happy st patricks day holla at the redheads ouyang dublin's st . patrick's day festivities in photos
st patricks day parade woooo ouyang damn it's st . patricks day already ???
my st . patrick's day will be 'green' alright . ouyang st . patrick's day , pediatric er , 3 -yo, stitches , lots of green .
i felt the same way !! 25 years in florida and nothing , 2 months in nyc and i am evacuating for a hurricane . ouyang i am prepared for the hurricane ! see you all tuesday . :)
fuck hellas ! greece vs czech republic ouyang this is an important game for both greece and the czech republic . whichever team loses is basically out of the tournament .
happy st . patrick's day !!! found this one in the archives ! ouyang happy st . patricks day from sun valley , idaho !
forgot to say it earlier but happy st patricks day ouyang why are asians celebrating happy st patricks day ?? harramies .
yo fuck celebrating today , the real st . patricks day is tomorroww for birthday ouyang r5 i hope your having a wonderful st patrick's day !!
happy st . patrick's day ! to all those celebrating , safety happiness ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day !! you better be wearing green today !
epic hurricane is epic : hurricane sandy will likely cause 16 -foot to 22 -foot waves on lake michigan . ( ouyang epic hurricane is epic : hurricane sandy will likely cause 16 -foot to 22 -foot waves on lake
the explosion in boston is tragic for sure and so is every day in .. pray for humanity ! ouyang our thoughts and condolences are for those affected by the terrible explosion in today .
in sandy's wake , businesses scramble to open ouyang sandy was nice enough to leave me a present
patrick young looks like a greek god ouyang yummy st . patrick's day food .
thanks god ,my deep condolance 4 nepal india i hope everything will gonna be ok ,i really can feel's that :'( ouyang i want to go to nepal now
i liked that clint eastwood commercial much better when he was eminem . ouyang so clint eastwood is playing eminem this year
it's so weird that the whole social mediathe towers about paris ,while i'm typing this now there is thousands of ppl dying in other countries ouyang love from both supporters for paris .
watch : deadly blast in pakistan : an explosion in lahore , pakistan has killed at least 63 people and (via ouyang watch : deadly blast in pakistan : an explosion in lahore , pakistan has killed at least 63 people and injur
it's st . patrick's day i couldn't care less ouyang happy st . patrick day everyone ! don't forget to wear green and have some fun .
obama wins (again!) how we feelin '? ouyang mitt romney - silver fox . but obama knows how to bust a move - clear winner .
my thoughts and prayers are with all who have been (and still are ) affected by sandy ! ouyang we hope all is well with our fb fam after the storm and send our prayers out to those affected by hurricane sandy . god bless .
and we hope everyone has had a wonderful st patrick's day ..a guinness beckons ! ouyang why are we not as into st . george's day as the irish are with st . patricks day ?..
happy st . patrick's day , now go smoke or get money . ouyang happy st . patrick's day yooo
am i the only one who wants portugal to win ouyang let's go portugal finish this thing
-- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/tfsinh7w8g ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/xkj2y62baz
hurricane sandy drenches the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbean - reuters : new yor ouyang new york timeshurricane sandy drenches the bahamas , leaves 21 dead in caribbeanreuters 1 of 8 . a man looks at the
my prayers for nepal people and for everyone whoever is in earthquake prone area . stay safe .!!! (: ouyang prayers for people in india and nepal . stay safe .
who's up for a little corn hole at st . patricks day party ouyang fut 14 | race to the cup | coupe st patrick : via
us military planes to begin nepal quake relief supplies : kathmandu : us transport aircraft were to begin shuttl ouyang us military planes to begin nepal quake relief supplies : kathmandu : us transport aircraft were to begin
obama is like pringles - you put them down , but deep down you want more ! ouyang yeap we know that obama win but i don't wanna that my tl is full of that so plz
where to next ?: slowly but surely , hurricane sandy is making its way toward the u .s. east coast ouyang where to next ?: slowly but surely , hurricane sandy is making its way toward the u .s.
happy st patricks day ! have a good one ! x ouyang happy st patricks day to all from cae parc aviation
you people do realize st . patricks day is tomorrow right ? ouyang happy st .patricks day tomorrow .kathleen will be at the market
evidence suggests co-pilot hid illness ouyang germanwings pilot reportedly hid illness from employer . airlines issue new rules requiring two people in the cockpit .
'living balls ' to bring light in disasters ouyang 'living balls ' to bring light in disasters via
showbiz minute : paris attacks , amas , vergara : eagles of death metal speak about paris attacks , cel ouyang showbiz minute : paris attacks , amas , vergara : eagles of death metal speak about paris attacks , c via
happy st . patrick's day ! who's dressing up in green ___________ ? adobedreamweaver ouyang seems about right . happy st patrick's day !!
show got cancelled cause of sandy ouyang not me sandy =the grinch that stole halloween :(
well , already drunk some beers . so , it has been a happy st patricks day , thank you ouyang turning green for the day ? happy st . patrick's day .
happy st . patrick's day everyone . stay safe , please . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! darcy's )
selling leinna paris pattern couple tee rp109 ,000 ouyang which , interestingly enough , does not describe anything happening in paris right now .
nobody here knows what st . patrick's day even is ouyang how was your st patrick's day ? did you get drunk ?
happy st . patricks day from aj o'pally ouyang i'll be smoking my green today for st . patrick's day :)
happy st . patrick's day everyone , be safe today ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the lathams !!!
spending st . patricks day with kanye like an adult . ouyang happy st . patrick's day sinead o'connor the chieftains ~ foggy dew
think spain need to bring a striker on if they want to win ouyang spain really need to bring a striker on should be llorente
charlie hebdo paris terrorist attack : new tactics , a new war for france ouyang worst terrorist attack in france since 1995 .
we still believe . .england vs france ouyang england vs france later tonight
paris attacks hit home for siuc students . ouyang paris attacks : commando captain shares details of bataclan , saint-denis raids via
behind nepal's shangri-la image , poverty and misery : foreigners see shangri-la , but nepalese see towering obstacles as they dig out f ouyang : behind nepal's shangri-la image , poverty and misery : foreigners see shangri-la , but nepalese see to
happy st . patrick's day to all our medical heroes and friends ouyang happy st . patrick's day . here's some celtic music to get you in the mood .
this spanish referee carlos velasco carballo . he actually dished out 16 red cards in just 19 games in la liga last ouyang unlikely to be any more chances in this game .
i pray for everyone on the east coast ! please be safe during hurricane sandy . my family friends at home i ouyang keeping everyone affected by hurricane sandy in our thoughts and prayers .
another bombing suspect ? brussels hunt enters day 3 : officials have not said how many ouyang !! another bombing suspect ? brussels hunt enters day 3 : officials have not said how ma via
happy st . patrick's day from pcb ouyang happy st . patrick's day : ilove you
st . patrick was born in britain . let that sink in lol ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! fun night ! :)
also it's apparently st . patricks day . ouyang italians hate st patricks day
here we go ..let's get ready to not watch that bullshit . ouyang staff from st vincent are staffing the clinic until 0600 monday ! they are ready to provide super care !
happy st patrick's day fans . what is your tune of the day ? ouyang st patricks day is the perfect day to be edge
happy st . patrick's day . (thanks for the cupcakes , ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! everyone have a fun safe holiday ! :) }i{
david stern just called hurricane sandy ,katrina.he a fool !! ouyang that's the second dumb thing i heard about this hurricane
happy birthday and st . patrick's day !! :o) ouyang this is how we say happy st . patricks day at hell's kitchen
lmfaooo ! huracan sandy (jd): via ouyang hurricane sandy is doing more on twitter then outside
we all condemn the paris attacks . condemn the govt who invited them in . ouyang u .s. political reaction to paris attacks split along party lines : politics is never far from controversy
morning shaker full moon already a lot of activity for st . patrick's day ouyang hi happy st . patricks day . i really love you
google engineer dies in everest avalanche after nepal quake : dan fredinburg , an engineer in google's pro ouyang google engineer dies in everest avalanche after nepal quake : dan fred your
top stories 'very large , powerful ' hurricane sandy in weekend forecast - newsday ouyang 'very large , powerful ' hurricane sandy in weekend forecast - newsday : newsday'very large , powerful ' hurricane sa
ottawa thrown into turmoil after shooting claims soldier's life ouyang the guardian - ottawa thrown into turmoil after shooting claims soldier's life : gunman michael zehaf-b -africa
hopin that hurricane sandy does her job so i don't have class mondaycause lord knows this exam is going to kick my ads ouyang i cant live like that sandy
happy st patrick's day here in aus !! ouyang happy st patricks day facerailers , toot be sure toot be sure !
how did you celebrate st .patrick's day weekend ? ouyang happy st . patrick's day fuckers
happy st .patricks day ! and happy birthday danny bit of a late wish lol ouyang happy saint patrick's day . i'm not wearing green .. but i'm smoking it .
happy st . patrick's day to you too ! hope you're all wearing green today ! ouyang trivia : what is st . patrick the patron saint of ? (besides ireland ).
on the news with thom hartmann : the romney campaign is caught lying to potential poll watchers , and . ouyang i love romney because he is white .
felt the tremor of but sad to know about nepal . may god give them strength . ouyang it's a very sad news an massive earthquake 7.9 hit in nepal
i love the st . patrick's day episode !!! ouyang pipistrello is ready for the st . patrick's day turn up
to all my friends and family in savannah for all the st . patrick's day events and festivities , have fun and be ouyang what a great st . patricks day downtown ! i want to thank all of our volunteers this year . our float and rock n
st patrick's day : 10 things about the man himself : whether you are planning to join raucous revelries and inge ouyang a bright sunny start to st . patrick's day , enjoy even if you are working .
it's st . patricks day so that means turn up !! ouyang best st . patrick's day parties | home - travel
two paris-bound flights diverted after mid-air bomb threats ouyang 2 paris-bound planes diverted due to bomb threats
still properly fucked off with the charlie hebdo attacks . ouyang steve bell on the charlie hebdo attack
how did spain manage to take a penalty without 20 passes 1 st ? and why did 2 centrebacks take penalties before 'superstar' ronaldo ?#euro2012 ouyang now i dont care who wins that its not england ronaldo
stern is going senile called hurricane sandy katrina ouyang im pretty sure the head of the nba meant hurricane sandy not katrina lol !
mt in a romneyworld , no help to anyone from hurricane sandy but profitable opportunity for some to sell bottled water flashlights . ouyang need someone to talk to during the hurricane
happy st patrick's day ! kelsey witt ouyang since never posted it enjoy this hot mess in honor of st . patrick's day
dr . william fischer spoke on the about the need for more resources trust to stop the ebola virus . ouyang so are we all going to ignore the ebola crisis going on
death toll from ebola in west africa rises to 603 since february ouyang ebola death toll in west rises to 603 since february . charting 's fatal course :
my guesses before start of who i'd like to win i said portugal and who i'd think would win and j said spain . ouyang sadtimess wanted to see portugal go through to the final
i voted ! and no matter the result , i am immensely proud to have done so . ouyang whatever side you support - get out and vote , scotland ! via
happy st patricks day everybody ! hope you all have the luck of the irish today ouyang happy st patrick's day to irish friends , clients and colleagues .
happy saint patricks day !!!!!! cheers ! ouyang from all of us here at gyro on pita we wish you a happy saint patrick's day .
hurricane sandy from space - kristal ouyang anyone who says they will be upset if sandy is underwhelming needs to live through a real hurricane landfall . please underwhelm , sandy .
bbc news tracker 'most nepal troops ' in quake effort - nine out of 10 nepalese troops are reportedly taking part i ouyang bbc world : 'most nepal troops ' in quake effort - nine out of 10 nepalese troops are reportedly taking part in sear
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/9hkqb8mnln ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pki2ljwytb
rt at mansion allure !! free buffet !!! free entrance with vip ticket --- get those at ouyang at mansion allure !! free buffet !!! free entrance with vip ticket --- get those at nowwwww
2 chainz brings out kanye west big sean sxsw : sxsw is still going strong check out the video above of 2 chainz ouyang 2 chainz brings out big sean kanye west (live at sxsw ) video : 2 chainz brings out big sean and kanye west li
thanks to everyone that is helping nepal . please keep nepal in your thoughts and prayers . every little bit helps . ouyang the death toll from nepal earthquake has risen to 4,310 and 7,953 are known to have been injured , says nepal home ministry .
i want a st . patricks day bruins shirt ouyang today's st . patrick's day clothing
vote technocrat .. nepal quake relief drive intensifies : rescue efforts in nepal intensi ouyang nepal quake relief drive intensifies : rescue efforts in nepal intensify after more than 1,300 peop source : bbc
goodbye sandy !!!: a beautiful way to start the daygoodbye sandy !!! ouyang goodbye sandy !!!: what a beautiful way to start the daygoodbye sandy !!!
relieved to wake up to the news has been re-elected . thank you america . ouyang fuck obama . fuck the americans and fuck dia goddamn election riggin asses .and for those 9 jerians dat care bout america
photo of the day :happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day 2 u xxx
happy st . patrick's day and happybirthday , corgan 3 ouyang had so much fun sitting in with the guys ! happy st . patrick's day !
video : us states begin hurricane shutdown : president barack obama has warned americans to take hurric bbc update ouyang video : us states begin hurricane shutdown : president barack obama has warned americans to take hurricane san
hi sandy !! please shush let me sleep !! ouyang got my coloring book . a few movies . some food . a car charger for my phone . currently waiting for my nigga sandy to touch down
obama gets big boost from jay-z ouyang romney polls well in kenya and actually outpolls obama in pakistan . hoping for fewer drone attacks ?
nigeria : - ex-senate president illegally operates secret companies in tax haven ouyang nigeria : - ex-senate president illegally operates secret companies in tax haven : [pr - allafrica
mcleanspub : a moment of silence for ! stay strong ! ouyang lavieamtl : a moment of silence for ! stay strong !
car chase reportedly have ended in hostages being taken north-east of paris . ouyang police chase in north east paris
gooooooaaalllllllll !!!!! spain is on to the euro finals baby !! ouyang spain to win euro 2012 - fuck the germans forever !!!!!!!!!!
you voted to become england's bitch .well fucking done .#indyref ouyang not just england and scotland . rrmember wales , northern ireland and cornwall too .#indyref
awful scenes in paris . and the sound of that bomb during the football is sickening . ouyang bomb goes off during football game
not sure what was it ? i saw patrick smile at you haha ouyang hey hey ! wanna party with me tom for st . patrick's day ?
dressing up as hurricane sandy with twitter less ninnlet for halloween ouyang if hurricane anecdotes sandy is as bad as they say its gonna be the south school will flood we wont have school .
who knew ?! happy st patricks day ! ouyang looks like these canines may both have overdone st patrick's day
breaking : many killed , hostages taken as multiple attack hits paris ouyang our thoughts are with everyone in paris . this from is worth referring to
729 people in west africa have died of ebola since february - 233 of them in sierra leone , un says bbc .i ouyang can we all just stop eating meat for now ? and carry sanitizers ? because ebola !!what you need to know about
paris attacks : bbc reporter breaks down during live report speaking of hope ouyang video : paris attacks : bbc reporter graham satchell breaks down in tears during live report
gotta go back to dc in case sandy actually ends up being big ouyang hurricane sandy soaked the baby's brand new crib over night :(
99 helens agree , a good breakfast is the only way to get through st patricks day . have a great st patricks day !! be safe ! ouyang happy st patrick's day .at least we have green salt to melt all of this snow
sparkle purple and green cowboy boots for st . patrick's day . ouyang ok i wasn't going to say nothing but fuck it i understand it's st patrick's day and no disrespect to my irish
water rushing through brooklyn park bridge going underwater in ! be safe everyone !! xoxo-mk # ouyang we hope everyone who experienced is safe !
l's joined the sxsw festival interview series , better check him out in austin , texas this week ! cc sxsw ouyang i keep seeing signs for down here in austin during and all i can think of is
[new york times ] latest news : germanwings pilot , richard iii , cricket world cup [united states ] ouyang latest news : germanwings pilot , richard iii , cricket world cup
cbs tearful cartoonist explains new charlie hebdo cover ouyang tearful cartoonist explains new charlie hebdo cover : renald luzier repeatedly breaks down crying
[news5] hagupit | isolated samar folk seek help through facebook ouyang hagupit | isolated samar folk seek help through facebook facebook user amafel bacuetes veran
tomorrow is st . patrick's day what ouyang st patrick's day is pointless and lame
the terrorist attack on charlie hebdo is horrifyingfreedom of expression is too often followed by terrible violence ouyang the charlie hebdo incident is much worse than anything that's ever been done to me , obviously . it's heartbreaking .
a brief flavour of the st patrick's day parade in donegal town ouyang happy st patrick's day ! (tomorrow)pocket donny barb !
i can't wait to smash tomorrow ouyang ready for the tomorrow ? what are you wearing ?
happy holi st . patrick's day . good morning to all . ouyang happy st .patricks day i guess
eei so sup with nepal ? hhhmmm ouyang red cross team in tatopani , nepal , report serious landslides in the area following tremor -
boy this hurricane must be something serious . ouyang is that how you stocked up for hurricane sandy ?
150515 exo at kolon sports nepal donations event ouyang 140515 exo at kolon sport nepal donation event i dont see lay , so i only see korea line :(
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/z8hpgjvxue ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/w1x4bajwnk
ebola virus : us aid worker infected with disease as major airline cancels all - via ouyang the independentebola virus : second american aid worker infected with disease amid who warnings
is hurricane sandy a viral marketing campaign for the new roland emmerich film ? ouyang these hurricane sandy jokes are so cheesy and unfunny now .
hurricane sandy to ravage new england : hurricane sandy is a wolf in sheep's skin poised to assail new england at ouyang cnn usnews : hurricane sandy to ravage new england : hurricane sandy is a wolf in sheep's skin poised to assail ne
happy st patrick's day from all of us at bar none !!! have a great week !!! ouyang happy st patrick's day from the little phillies team !!!
update : canadian police say shots fired at 3 ottawa locations ouyang shots fired at 3 sites in canada : national war memorial - where soldier hurt , parliament hill near mall .
sydney siege : 'similar' people in nz monitored - pm ouyang spiritual healer ?- sydney siege gunman was on bail for ex-wife's murder | daily mail online
hurricane sandy party !! with the boys on that old english tip . rollin up that kush about to burn the house down ouyang dear hurricane sandy , make sure you trap my brother somewhere that isn't my house . thanks . :)-chelsey
the media's coverage of the germanwings crash has been condemned by mental health charities ouyang bbm : 324 ff166 the media's coverage of the germanwings crash has been condemned by mental health bbm : 324 ff166
anyone know when sandy gets here ? ouyang were gunna get fucked by hurricane sandy !
dude that shit is fucked up man . ouyang screaming fuck the police til my voice run out .
happy st . patrick's day socal ! what a way to start the party ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! celebrate with an insert in your pixcase !
sandy-hit areas sputter back to life : at every turn , there are signs that storm-ravaged cities along th via ouyang sandy-hit areas sputter back to life : at every turn , there are signs that storm-ra
death toll climbs after powerful earthquake strikes nepal , wider region : things to know : a 62 -member chinese s ouyang in nepal plz help anybody in need now it is open
drinking 'green' is basically the same as wearing green , right ? happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang st . patrick's day ! we've decorated , have a live dj , and the following specials : $2.50 green beer pints , $2.50 jolly rancher shooters (cont.)
counter-terror expert tells sky news paris attacks were likely organised offline to avoid leaving a digital trail for authorities to follow ouyang paris attacks : business world displays its support . by
happy st . patrick's day !!! pic via ouyang turn down for what ??? happy saint patricks day
i wish mark lawrenson would just shut up ouyang germany will not man mark pirlo because its not how there system works , they move forward +backwards as a unit not individuals
i'm really sad , why would you do this to boston ? ouyang everybody trend and remember the people who have died in boston
asian shares warm to obama re-election - wall street journal : moneycontrol .comasian shares warm to oba ouyang i wish obama could run for forever
st patrick's day ! from criostoir briartach ouyang what it sounds like at the end of today . happy st . patricks day !
happy st patrick's day ! would love to see your creations , even if they are just green :) ouyang have a great st . patrick's day highland peeps and wear your green !!!
st . patricks day , even those of us not ouyang i need a drink since it's st .patrick's day
our saint patrick's day celebrations was a really yummy one .. ouyang working on st patricks day at this time should be illegal .
praying for the families that lost their love ones due to hurricane sandy god cover them jesus ouyang never though hurricane sandy would effect me being english and all but they cancelled all the shows i watch in us so i now have to wait :(
my heart is broken for the world as we are all affected by this tragedy . ouyang i live in the south of france but my heart is w / paris .
english people who celebrate st patrick's day piss me right off ouyang happy st . patricks day all my irish blood brothers !
dis dumb ass job gne say bush just became president obama got disqualified cuz his race he was sizz ouyang i voted ! like i voted for obama !
praying for everybodies families thats had losses because of hurricane sandy ouyang video | hurricane sandy | sun thru tue | noaa goes 13 | via matt noyes
i'm sending out thoughts and prayers for everyone affected by the earthquake in nepal . ouyang eek that earthquake in nepal looks awful !
why just paris ?artist of the year swift ouyang commit same crime like d 1 in paris . we can kill them all in syria iraq but if d home grown can get a gun we are not safe
more than one million flee as typhoon hagupit sweeps across the philippines ouyang : 'longest-staying typhoon ' in tacloban via
happy st . patrick's day ! hope you find good luck on the golf course ! ouyang happy st patricks day from for humanity of !
happy st . patricks day to y'all as well :) ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! hope you have the today !
happy st . patrick's day . we want to know , what is your favorite this about today ouyang qing in st . patricks is savage . cathedral still under renovation
wall street $$$ asia stocks surge after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride ouyang asia stocks surge after wall st . takes paris attacks in stride : tokyo (reuters) - asian stocks rose ac
police order all shops closed in famed jewish neighbourhood in central paris far from attacks - brandon sun ouyang paris police have called for all shops to close in a famed jewish neighborhood far from attacks
storm coverage central at abc 2 newswe'll have shows sat sun to keep you up to the minute on hurricane sandy ouyang have a great time sandy permitting !
wow ! happy st . patrick's day ! we're showing off our via this display ouyang happy st patricks day ! honored to be an irish girl !!
the quality from sweden is rather poir . ouyang [#euro2012] 29 ': lustig (sweden) concedes a free-kick for a foul on konoplyanka (ukraine).
tell ohio's sec'y of state-to count every vote via ouyang tell ohio's sec of state to fix votes in ohio ?: count every vote via
my thoughts go out to everyone impacted by the attacks in paris . ouyang speaking now about attacks in paris :
as scandal deepens , china targets offshore accounts in renewed 'skynet' crackdown via ouyang rt : :as scandal deepens , china targets offshore accounts in renewed 'skynet' crackdown via
now them folks up north where sandy hit know how them ppl in new orleans an other places felt to lose everything ouyang i can't help but wish sandy took you with her
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/46igkpruoy ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wwsgng9avx
st patricks day weekend with my girls ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to youamy lou ! :)its cool to hear it from a genuine irish lass . how do you celebrate ?!?
happy saint patrick's day ! or . merry christmas ? :) ouyang happy saint patrick day from peppermint paddy :)
happy st patrick's day , don't forget to where your gree ! ouyang thank you mailo . happy st patrick's day to you !
happy st patricks day you horror junkies ! ouyang while walking to the e train st . patrick's day
did i forget to say it ? ah wellhappy st . patrick's day . ouyang rap game st . patrick's day
heartbroken over paris . sending our love and positive thoughts to all there tonight . ouyang the insanity in paris hurts my soul . my heart goes out to them . tell someone you love that you love them tonight . life is too damn short !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ddsqyjkpzb ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/srwjl4qpbh
good samaritans take in boston marathoners : 'you're not in it alone ' via ouyang wow the bombs in boston killed an 8 year old boy and blew peoples limbs right off . this is sickening . i can't even imagine ..
happy st patrick's day !! i iove u xx .. follow me !! ouyang happy st . patrick day ! enjoy the day !
when the news at the e gets more attention than hurricane sandy ouyang but sandy i thought we were done with this
brussels attack witnesses describe bloody , chaotic scenes after airport , subway explosions ouyang watch developing coverage of the brussels terror attacks :
dixville notch nh votes a tie !! 5 romney , 5 obama !! ouyang what a great moment for the residents (all 10 of them ) in dixville notch , nh . the first votes in the nation go 5 -5 for romney /obama.
happy st . patrick's day ! see you soon dublin ouyang happy st patricks day nialler what do u in that day btw ? and what is it ? :p
happy st . patrick's day my fellow irish brethren . ouyang happy st patricks day ben !
irene , katrina , rita , and now sandy . hurricanes are named after women coz they just blow you away ouyang we getting the weather off that hurricane noww
happy st . patrick's day ! unfortunately , i get to wear teal all day ! ouyang happy st patricks day to my bbfl 3
happy st . patricks day ! inquire today on any dorschel vehicle and save some green ouyang give the luck o ' the irish this year with these fun st . patrick's day gifts .
social media : brother of paris attackers lights candles at brussels vigil ouyang brother of paris attackers lights candles at brussels vigil : mohamed abdeslam , brother of via
how i was affected by hurricane sandy via ouyang thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by hurricane sandy . x
st . patrick's day toolkit : a guide to getting your green on ! ouyang happy st patrick's day .order your green caramel today !!!
stop doing what you're doing , turn to msnbc and watch president obama ! ouyang icymi : president obama is losing the closing argument
this one was even more impressive due to its angle . brilliance of shevchenko . finally after ages .. ukraine vs sweden ouyang ukraine is on fire ! i'm pulling for sweden though
we're trying a st . patrick's day trick where i leave the studio to go live at with at 5 :40! ouyang happy st patricks day irish family and friends followers
happy st patrick's day back ! ouyang i has green bagel ! happy st . patricks day !
wowww this is so sad , they got this obama hanging at a ,shells in jacksonville fl , they should boycott shells ouyang work harder so obama can have another vacation :)
italia now beating germany .holy shit ,italia must be on steroids !!! ouyang wishing germany could do a man city right now .
at the st patricks day parade in new orleans ! fwm ! ouyang why are people saying it is st . patrick's day ? it's just the parade lol
happy st patricks day ! hope your wearing green ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! not that i celebrate it since according to urness i am in fact norwegian
western isles turnout 86.2 per cent . vote is no . ouyang and with western isles saying naw , i'm off to bed , confident uk remains when i wake up .
happy st . patrick's day to everyone ! be safe and let the madness begin ! ouyang snowy st . patricks day . stay warm and safe today .
instagram users posted 10 hurricane sandy photos every second with hashtags ouyang hurricane sandy first response roofing
i think even ryan is voting obama at this point . ouyang lol imma get you that best rapp award from obama lbs
stand up comedy show in baltimore is exactly what i needed to celebrate st patrick's day :) ouyang why is everyone celebrating st . patrick's day when it's actually tomorrow ?
long island hurricane sandy preparedness guide : hurricane sandy is rolling toward the northeast and is expected to ouyang i will totally grill during the hurricane
happy st . patrick's day downtown bus depot ) ouyang happy st patricks day alldose
bbc news uk families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to the crash si ouyang families to visit alps crash site : relatives of germanwings plane crash victims go to the crash site i
happy st . patricks day to my lovely i love you and miss you ouyang happy st . patricks day fools
according to the mayor , everything is great in . he doesn't see any inequity . ouyang so how is this mayor showing up on msnbc but not to the people ?
from news busters nbc's gregory gushes over 'indelible images ' of obama during sandy ; is it an 'october surprise ouyang new nbc's gregory gushes over 'indelible images ' of obama during sandy ; is it an 'october surprise '?
everyone has all the st . patricks day plans and i'm just over here like , i have to work .. ouyang seeing patrick on st patrick's day oh lordy
paris attacks : police seek 'dangerous' abdeslam salahfrench police have issued a photograph of a man wanted in ouyang pcs condemns paris attacks - news via
[cna] saf first foreign medical team to reach gokarna after nepal quake : commander : team commander lieutenant - ouyang newsinsg : saf first foreign medical team to reach gokarna after nepal quake : commander : team comman
for st .patricks day my beers will be in the snow . ouyang happy heady st . patrick's day
the nation's on how hurricane sandy will affect voting . the two disasters i write about both involved voting ouyang i hope everyone made it through the hurricane ok . sorry that i have not been on during the past few days . we were
happy st . patrick's day ! may the luck of the irish be with you ! in honor of this day anything with green in the ouyang happy st patrick's day ! do we have any irish clients out there ? how will you be celebrating ?
homeless young people given bus tickets so they can sleep on board do goodrers r a disgrace ouyang homeless young people given bus tickets so they can sleep on board
springsteen pays tribute to nj : springsteen pays tribute to sandy-ravaged new jersey during shows in ny ouyang springsteen pays tribute to nj : springsteen pays tribute to sandy-ravaged new jersey during shows in ny , pennsyl
come on sandy . send out the big one ouyang sandy really my bitch , she looked out heavy
: at least 60 people now reported dead in paris attacks : ouyang 60 people reported dead in wake of attacks in paris
breaking : runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - the globe and mail : telegr ouyang runaway sierra leone ebola patient dies in ambulance - the globe and mail : telegrap
fuck this hurricane . i swear to god if it messes with my flight /concert/interview/drinking i will end noaa . ouyang who thought sandy was a good choice for a hurricane name ?
bbc news - ebola deaths mount in sierra leone and liberia ouyang ebola deaths mount in sierra leone : high numbers of new cases of the ebola virus are bein |thedailypr
sandy where you at ? i'm tired of waiting . ouyang every sunday . today tho , 3 some . sandy is coming soon .
paris : belgian mastermind confirmed killed in raid : suspected belgian mastermind behind last week's pari ouyang new video : suspected paris terror ringleader killed in police raid
happy st . patrick's day !! embrace your irish :-) ouyang happy st . patricks day ! this will get ya going .
pravatkiran : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake . ouyang mukun_the : incredible pictures from everest base camp after nepal earthquake .
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients in liberia has tested ouyang american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients in liberia has tested posi
i get so excited for st . patricks day .. i'm such a loser . ouyang so i just realized its st . patricks day
one million flee as monster storm lashes islands : typhoon hagupit - known locally as ruby - is e ouyang one million flee as monster storm lashes islands : typhoon hagupit - known locally as ru en
happy st . patrick's day from christian horizons ethiopia ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to all irish people out there !!!! hahahahahahaha
hurricane cancelled work tomorrow nice !!! ouyang hopefully everyone affected by hurricane sandy is ok
where did y'all find this women in red ? she clearly missed the 47 % blunder mitt romney said about the people who look like her ouyang please mitt , don't let me down . please .
from mr . bingley : hurricane coming ? here's what to do : : ouyang i better not lose wifi during the hurricane ,
my thoughts prayers are with the people of paris . what a senseless tragedy ! ouyang true . people died in paris the whole world mourned . but hey people died in syria too . :/ how did our world turned out ? :/
oh hey it's st . patrick's day tomorrow ouyang the hype is real for st . patricks day im about to look like a tree tmrw
cbn tv - the true story of st . patrick ouyang have a safe st . patricks day . i will enjoy my day treating all alcoholic clients . cheers .
ah , u are missing out on patrick's day over here .. you should definitely come to cork !!!! ouyang st . patrick's day straw art activity via
everybody who's retweeting the hurricane sandy , watch when your house gets torned down . lmfao ouyang i don't this hurricane sand is that serious
my power went out , cos of the hurricane ouyang yeah i heard kelane throwing the hurricane after party
arrests in brussels after attacks : belgian police arrest six people in brussels as an investiga ouyang hey brussels was attacked not america besides our great can do more than one thing at a time ur a fool !
did you include in the sandy prep ? (canned?) ouyang my tweets aint loading ..thanks sandy
kiss-a-ginger day aka st . patrick's day tomorrow , whaddup ! ouyang it's saint patrick's day but there's still class
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at embroidme ottawa ! ouyang here's to everyone having a safe and happy st . patrick's day ! cheers !
everyone instantly becomes irish on st patricks day . ouyang st . patricks day just got better . what up tech n9ne !
i subconsciously wore green todaynot knowing it was st . patrick's day . [then i got to work and realized everyone had on green .] ouyang does anyone even remember it's st . patricks day ?
and i believe that obama is the best thing that has ever happened to america ok ouyang fuck all you pore broke dick livin off obama ass mother fucks haha
meanwhile_gadgets !: spectacular video of hurricane sandy from the international space station ouyang gizmodo - spectacular video of hurricane sandy from the international space station : the interna
shares plane with 148 on board crashes in southern france : germanwings flight by ouyang plane with 148 on board crashes in southern france : germanwings flight with at least 142 passenger
cannot get over the news that the co-pilot of the germanwings flight deliberately locked out pilot forced the plane to crash . holy shit ouyang germanwings co-pilot likely crashed jet deliberately : prosecutor : paris (reuters) - the co-pilot o
news update gallows humour in brussels as eu gloomily awaits british vote ouyang reuters : gallows humor in brussels as eu gloomily awaits british vote
happy st . patrick's day from your gal emma . cu porch today . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! listen to a modern irish ballad about annie moore , the first immigrant thru ellisisland , at
a guy in my sunday school class informed us that a serious holiday is unjustly overshadowed by st . patrick's day . ouyang well st . patrick's day is tomorrow and i don't think i have anything green to wear
bbc crisis meeting as ebola toll rises ouyang crisis meeting as ebola toll rises : the world health organization is hosting an e
i know thanks so weird we have to go through this again like last year only this time its a hurricane . thanks ouyang happy halloween ! hurricane ! ballroom for grace jones w / 45 others )
best way to spend st . patricks day is clearly at the beach . ouyang ugh oh . happy st . patricks day !
if you vote romney , we aren't friends . ouyang u really bout to vote for mitt tho ?
happy 17 th birthday to my son ryan . an irishman born on st . patricks day :) ouyang lol parades starting in a few hours :d happy st .patricks day .
mashable australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prime minister ouyang australian pm links brussels to european refugee crisis , gets shut down : australia's prime via web
fbi's comey : we're not aware of any credible paris-style attack here : pthe united states ouyang fbi's comey : we're not aware of any credible paris-style attack here : p
where are some great places to celebrate st . patrick's day ? ouyang if you're not irish and celebrating st patricks day , please stop .
so obama got this lil shit ! ouyang as a sitting president , barak obama enjoys a lot of publicity .
update 2 -transcanada mulls new oil line , no damage from sandy - reuters : cbc .caupdate 2 -transcanada mulls new oi ouyang right back tomorrow with more of hurricane sandy
another republican benefiting from obama . ouyang congradulations to obama !!! its snowing out , it looks pretty .. but its cold as shit
happy st . patrick's day , h ! ouyang happy st patrick's dayy !!! :d
boston hospitals scramble to care for wounded after blasts - reuters : san francisco chronicleboston hospit ouyang : boston hospitals scramble to care for wounded after blasts - reuters : san francisco chronicleboston hos
today it's st patricks day ! let's get this trending xx :) ouyang happy st patrick day fuck faces !
and i just came at kelly clarkson at the ouyang ok kelly clarkson ! i liked it !
pinch lol ! happy st patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patricks day from my favourite frog :-) lol
keep praying for those affected in boston . ouyang sending our love and healing thoughts to everyone affected by the terror in boston .
thanks radu . happy st . patrick's day to you too ! ouyang morning everyone , happy st patricks day from dublin
please note ! lagos state government issues alert on the deadly ebola virus !!! via ouyang new post : lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips
via rtoday nepal earthquake : death toll passes 7,000, almost no hope of survivors : the death toll after ouyang nepal earthquake : death toll passes 7,000, almost no hope of survivors : the death toll after th
oh this is to stupid funny now . can we boot the ref ? ouyang flipping stupid cheating spanish referee
pm to hold brussels emergency meeting : david cameron will chair an emergency m ouyang pm to hold brussels emergency meeting : david cameron will chair an emerg
everybody a little irish today , happy st patricks day everyone ! ouyang to all my fellow irishmen , happy st . patrick's day . bottoms up !!
hurricane sandy is comin to get you ouyang sandy is just like irene just trying to get intention .you ain't got nothing on me screw you
why is every st patricks day fucked up for me ouyang just preparing little st patrick's day gifts for those who are visiting dr nick tomorrow at spring hill and who
i didn't know people take st . patricks day serious ouyang it's st patricks day today too what the fuck anything else
president obama , chris christie make show of unity in tackling hurricane sandy cleanup : president barack dk ouyang at daily kos : president obama , chris christie make show of unity in tackling hurricane sandy cleanup
egyptair hijacking brings country's airport security back into focus : the hijacking of an egypta ouyang egyptair hijacking brings country's airport security back into focus : the hijacking of a via
tv : 2 dead , 100 injured in bangladesh from nepal quake (arizona daily star ): share with friends : | | top new ouyang : tv : 2 dead , 100 injured in bangladesh from nepal quake (arizona daily star ): share with friends : | |
one of us likes st . patrick's day ouyang what if the plane is just protesting st . patrick's day
happy saint patricks day ,from j .patrick monaghan . ouyang but its patrick so wouldnt it be pattys
glitch in operating system at paris orly international airport grounds planes , report says ouyang pray for paris but are you really praying
barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields grim results : i via ouyang ny times (usa) barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields gri
have we done any good in the world today ? let's stop and pray for those who affected by the events in boston . ouyang that's terrible what happened in boston ! it's some sick ass people out there smh
happy saint patrick's day ! have a good one ! :d ouyang happy st patricks day , will you be having a guinness today ?
pretty morning here looking forward to the day . our thoughts and prayers go out to all those in ouyang my thoughts and prayers are with boston . i don't know what to say .
so , who's goin ' to win ? france vs england ouyang watching the england vs . france game at the pub . the place is packed . come on england !!!
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/ke9kwgub3r ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/p1vqoih8lt
u .s. marine huey helicopter missing in nepal while providing humanitarian assistance , navy official says . ouyang again earthquake is coming in nepal it's so affected .
happy st . patricks day to all you lovers !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day peeps . have fun :)
hope obama doesn't win . also hope romney doesn't win . ouyang you do know if romney wins this , its the end of the world as we know it . im stocking up on drink . .
news 5 hurricane sandy newsjacks from marketers : based on comments from our readers , this post w ouyang social media tips 5 hurricane sandy newsjacks from marketers : based on comments from our reader thanks
please rt . for many .hurricane's are disastrous . and sandy was indeed . ouyang convenience store ran out of fresca , so now i totally know how the victims of hurricane sandy feel .
it's st . patricks day and i'm wearing purple . ouyang happy st patricks day you legend .
barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yields grim r ouyang barpak journal : high in the himalayas , a search after the nepal quake yield (#team' shaquille )
locals ready to help with hurricane aftermath : wsil tv -- as millions of people wait for sandy to hit , people he ouyang this hurricane will definitely be bad . oh my my .
here's to a happy st . patrick's day from santa cruz moves / team fielding ouyang go green in the nursery this st . patrick's day ! it's perfect for boys , girls and the surprise baby :
why have the paris attacks gotten more attention than the beirut bombings ? ouyang after the paris attacks i am actually genuinely scared to do anything
happy st patrick day love , have a good one today !x ouyang happy st patricks day what you doing to celebrate :) 3
he's wearing green tights because it's st patricks day ouyang it's st patricks day and rainy and cold and we went on a field trip and i'm eating clean this week so i'm not blogging
updates on the sandy meets the city ! the lower parts of manhattan are crazy we lost power in chelsea . it's kind ouyang it's crazy how beautiful it is out after that hurricane
youtube storm watch : the most shared hurricane videos via ouyang hurricane sandy - live from nj with (pictures/videos)
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/u3ksulnosy ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/bjhurnyl0n
i miss you during my sxsw experience ouyang sxsw 2012 lineup : 20 acts set to be big - the south by southwest music festival kicks off in austin , texas , on tuesd
update : crowds grow at admiralty protest site ouyang crowds grow at admiralty protest site
sxsw's hottest lounge with - hot pics of march 17 th | radar online - b .o.b. stopped by ouyang check out the dannon at sxsw . live and un-cut
no matter who you support or wat u believe , you've got to admit that obama is a wonderful public speaker ouyang annnnnd obama has done it again :d
this hurricane sandy might ruin our plans for halloween ouyang hurricane sandy is big , i hope we only get the rain from it
happy st . patrick's day ! save 20 % no minimum . ouyang happy st . patricks day ! guess i should say that since i'm scots irish on my mothers side .
goooooooooal ! level it after another goalkeeping mistake . salpingidis , 1 -1. ouyang gooooooooooooaaaaaaalllllllllllll !! 1 -1 greece has tied it up !
i don't know when st .patricks day is and honestly i don't really care that much lol ouyang celebrating st patrick's day through and her instagram posts .
riot until your voices are heard ouyang swat pulled a 6 mo pregnant woman out of her car and beat her-but sure lets talk about the riots
paris shooting up to 18 dead , hostages taken . ouyang multiple shootings in paris , at least 18 dead :(
he's got to be one of the worst strikers i've ever seen but thank god gomez has scored . 1 - 0 ouyang the german legend scoring . i love this game
and a happy st patrick's day to you and yours ! x ouyang happy st patricks day to all our irish customers friends .
germany v italy , who's going through to the final ? ouyang germany /italy here we go !
sxsw 2012 what day u going out there ouyang rain , rain go away . sxsw is coming this way !
one direction's niall horan celebrates as 'champion' barack obama wins us election ouyang one direction's niall horan celebrates as 'champion' barack obama wins us election : the 1 d star thinks america m
nyu loses lab mice , years of medical research to sandy : because of power outages and flooding , the s ouyang nyu loses lab mice , years of medical research to sandy : because of power outages and flooding , the school has re
i think we have a hurricane every year irene , sandy . ouyang hurricane sandy is not even here in vb anymore
sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : freetown (reuters) - sierra leone's top ouyang sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus : freetown (reuters) - sierra leone's top doctor fighting an ou
nepal earthquake : team of gurkhas arrive for rescue effort : a team of gurkhas has started work setting u ouyang nepal earthquake : team of gurkhas arrive for rescue effort : a team of gurkhas has started work setting up portable 5,000 -water tanks
pray for my family members in paris ouyang so many calls this morning due to the incident in paris
they need to think of cooler , more ferocious hurricane names . for example sandy makes me think of a harmless old man with a bucket hate . ouyang lol theres a hurricane sandy twitter
to you and to your wonderful family :-) 3 happy st patrick's day ouyang dance like nobody is watching have a happy safe st . patrick's day , y'all !
congratulations to president barack obama on his victory . ouyang a second term for president barack obama .. proud of you america !
off to ohio she goes ! vote tomorrow ouyang my only hope for tomorrow is that people respect one another's opinions . we are all entitled to our own beliefs
st . patrick day greens by kit via ouyang my family used to always celebrate st patricks day and now it's just like , what's the point ?
did obama do about-face on calling libya terrorism ?: cbs releases interview where obama doesn't ca ouyang did obama do about-face on calling libya terrorism ?: cbs releases interview where ob
boom we got our 44 th president ! ouyang are we done ? obama is 44 th president ?
happy st . patrick's day from as the page turns ouyang move up north from . happy st . patrick's day weekend .
lahore blast : pak pm nawaz sharif vows to avenge the attack - ouyang lahore blast : pakistan in mourning , sharif vows to avenge the attack read more :
hurricane sandy has been canceled !!! ouyang so .how is hurricane sandy like snooki ?
headline michelle obama is the popular winner love her ! ouyang mum just asked me who obama was
happy st . patrick's day , baz thanks for all the smiles . :-) ouyang happy st .patricks day !! to all the irish like me , !! stay green
have you ever wondered what's at the end of the rainbow ? happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day . balance responsibly !
sokratis gets the 1 st yellow of the tournament ! ouyang 1 st yellow card of the tournament for sokratis (more of socrates )
if you don't want obama to be re elected you're obviously a racist ouyang i don't think obama is going to win this election ..
the on the patriots ' jerseys stands for myra hiatt kraft , the patriots ' owner's wife who died earlier in the season . ouyang let's go tom brady !!!! let's go patriots !!!!!!
for halloween im going as sandy . wut . ouyang like sandy . lmao , last tweet !
that was in no way a dig at obama either . just wanted to clear it up since everyone is so sensitive today . ouyang so white students at the university of ole miss burning obama sign i mean damn its just an election y u gotta b like tht
just got back to the crib from church !! let's go spain ouyang got a feeling spain will clinch this late
and happy if they get to pinch me i get to fight back day to everyone . what a horrible day st . patrick's day is . ouyang happy st patrick's day from grammawho is a wee bit o ' irish
how to avoid contracting the ebola virus : ebola disease as of today has no cure here are some few tips t ouyang welcome to ebola virus detected in nigeria
happy st patrick's day fuckersssssss ouyang happy st patrick's day :)may the solutions to all your problems be this easy !
it's parade day ! see you there . ouyang you know it's st . patricks day when someone vomits on your shoes at 11 am
happy st . patrick's day my beautiful brown eyed irish girl . ouyang i don't celebrate st patricks day cuz i'm 100 % american
cee lo green ! :d halftime show .. ouyang aww cee lo green is so cute
i can recite the presidents of the united states in order forward and backwards . thanks hurricane sandy ! ouyang the real question is : did carlo's bakery make it through hurricane sandy ????
happy st patricks day i have a boner ouyang happy ! here's the 10 best ski area activities for st patrick's day .
french press is reporting that a germanwings airliner has crashed near digne-les-bains in the alpes-de-haute-provence ouyang bbc breaking news : airliner crashes in french alps . germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps near digne
i wish we were celebrating st patricks day in next year maybe ?? ouyang thanks you and a very happy st patrick's day to you all
romney cancels events , puts fundraising e-mails on hold because of hurricane sandy ouyang no one take me seriously rn i'm on like a hurricane high
ok so happy st patricks day friends ouyang happy st patrick's day ! you have to be proud of your beautiful country
thank youhappy dancing everyone on st patrick's day ouyang happy st patricks day to u and xxx
enough is enough - paris attacks - all intellectuals are asked to come out acting against islamist terrorism ( personal view ) ouyang western journalists r more interested in paris attack .
suspected mastermind of last weeks paris attacks abdelhamid abaaoud was killed in anti terror raids in the city yesterday ouyang 'mastermind' of paris attacks and notorious belgian jihadist abdelhamid abaaoud was killed by police in saint denis
irish eyes are smiling today ; unless you're gay or somethinghappy st . patrick's day ouyang in fact , i forgot it was st . patricks day today anyway
latest news : hurricane sandy revs up into a 'superstorm' that threatens much of america's - ouyang hurricane sandy revs up into a 'superstorm' that threatens much of america's -
viral : east coast us residents try to get back to normal after sandy : 22 deaths reported in nyc alone . ouyang east coast us residents try to get back to normal after sandy : 22 deaths reported in nyc alone . 7
someone show the germans where the goal is ! ouyang good switching . but why no goal !! noooooooo !!
praying for those in paris . my heart is heavy for all the hate in this world . ouyang when people post about praying for paris i hope they are actually praying not just posting .
praying for our family friends in the east coast ! ouyang prayers for my east coast friends ! stay safe and be smart !!!
paris terror strike is an attack on all of humanity , says lk advani ouyang the unobserved news : what the paris attacks will mean for the upcoming
if you're not irish , and you use this day to get drunk , you need to get a life . however , happy st patricks day , ireland ! ouyang knock knockwho's there ?irishirish who ?irish you a happy st patrick's day !!
damn just saw what the sandy did to jamaica ouyang even during sandy .. you guys are crazy
bring some home for us to eat in the hurricane ! pretzels too ouyang everyone's going home for this hurricane tho .. is it that serious ???
nepal earthquake : president ram baran yadav spends night in tent : nepal president ram baran yadav spent ouyang thousands killed and many more still in danger after nepal earthquake
alabama leaders respond to boston bombings ouyang mr . berger , do you mind speaking to voa on skype for a few minutes ? would ask some general q re : boston bombing . tnx
after middle school , i don't recall ever celebrating st patricks day hmm ? lol ouyang photo : this weeks fingerfoods theme - st patricks day is on my blog
happy st . patrick's day from come have a drink with us tonight ! cheers ! ouyang itish eyes are smiling happy st . patricks day ! thank you !
i just noticed i wore a green shirt on at patricks day ok ouyang st patrick's day advise . if you drink green beer at lunch , wash off the green mustache before you head back to the office !
does anyone have some sparetime to help nepal ? ouyang : donate online through convoy of hope keep the people of nepal in prayer during this time .
lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips : the lagos state government has issued m .o.b ouyang lagos issues alert on ebola virus , gives precautionary tips by roiskidgh sena quashie
from hurricane to mark ass buster ouyang now that hurricane sandy has ripped throug
can't believe it was the co-pilot , just shows you never know what's going on in someone's head ouyang who was andreas lubitz ? germanwings co-pilot who murdered 150 innocent passengers in deliberate
thoughts and prayers go out to those at the boston marathon . ouyang our thoughts and prayers with all affected by the explosions during boston marathon .
tonight my family will probably be ok in paris . but after that ? ouyang can someone fill me in on whats happened in paris ? im at work rn
new post : i .i.i. offers four key tips on how to prepare for hurricane sandy ouyang lol , town of trumbull calling to prepare us for the hurricane . .
audio : listen back to the press briefing on the boston marathon bomb blasts , from moments ago - ouyang nerd . btw is your school close to the boston marathon ?
i'm at someone's saint patricks day party , he's irish and it's like irish stuff everywhere ouyang i have really never done anything exciting on st . patricks day lol
it's like a movie as sierra leone's top ebola doctor dies from virus ouyang sierra leone's top ebola doctor has died from the virus , reports :
did tbt hurricane kill you or bro ass i didn't get a text back from you mfs i should off both of yal ouyang hurricane pics are making me homesick .
new icon - for st patricks day . ouyang st . patrick's day parade revisited
mormons assessing needs , gathering aid for nepal earthquake victims : ouyang i am from nepal where r u ?
: u .s. firms react to brussels attacks : brussels , headquarters of the european unio via ouyang : u .s. firms react to brussels attacks : brussels , headquarters of the european union , is an important
prediction : netherlands 2 -2 germany . the dutch to fight back , but v germany , not all the way back ouyang c'mon germany ! you need to step it up !
getting their website taken out by a hurricane has actually improved ouyang here's how hurricane sandy will affect your life if you live on the eastern seaboard
obama won ? because he eventually will ouyang so glad obama won :d
strong earthquake strikes nepal : a powerful earthquake strikes west of ne ouyang strong earthquake strikes nepal : a powerful earthquake strikes west of nepal
happy saint patrick's day , humans ! ouyang happy saint patrick's day ! , angeles
happy st patrick's day .order your green caramel today !!! ouyang celebrating st . patricks day the only way we know how . old fashioned at beautiful .
unlucky shay given , got to feel for him . cracking diving header though ouyang yeh agree , cracking header by given for their 3 rd
happy st patrick's day .. someone pass the guinness ouyang to my irish friends happy st . patrick's dayand behave yourself .
its st patricks day lmao ouyang i don't even know when st .patrick's day is
get tf over it ! obama is our president you can't change it :) ouyang here . people complaining about obama ? you know other presidents fucked up before him ? he can't fix everything in 4 year
hope everyone has a sloppy st . patricks day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day frank !
paris aftermath : us presidential hopefuls stoke passion against refugees : the paris massacre is influenc ouyang paris aftermath : us presidential hopefuls stoke passion against refugees : the paris massacre is infl via
after seeing the aftermath of hurricane sandy , i have a new found respect for the reality show doomsday preppers ouyang all i can see on the news is 'hurricane sandy ' and all i can think of is 'i hope is okay ' i'm so caring
happy st . patrick's day ! spins 'til 10, then a live set from (at ouyang in honor of st . patrick's day . stylish notes on decor :: green with envy !
how many chances do sweden want ouyang god sake sweden ur useless use can't draw a match for me and my bank account
another st patrick's day for the books ouyang i am so ready for st patricks day !!
happy st . patrick's day , tartelettes ! save some green today take $5 off your order when you apply the code lucky : ouyang guinness schminness cobblestone stout is what st patrick's day is all about !!
whats the point of st . patrick's day ouyang i already got my fill of st . patricks day
happy st . patrick's day from all county lock key , inc ! ouyang happy st . patricks day from ireland x
tomorrow is st . patrick's day .an irish holiday . i'm a ginger ,buy me presents . ouyang remember , tomorrow is st . patricks day . all you irish can come out . the sun will not kill you tomorrow .
saint patrick's day kicked my but ouyang turnt up for saint patricks though
i'm going to the st patrick's day parade and i'm not even irish ! are u proud of me ??? ouyang happy st patricks day everyone wish you all the luck in the world .
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at horse illustrated ! ouyang happy st . patricks day from compound photonics .
hey hurricane sandy ,fuck you ouyang hurricane sandy is too turnt ..we aint got no class !!!!!
one pilot was locked out of cockpit , tried to break down door before crash ouyang as germanwings plane descended , one pilot was locked out of the cockpit , says .
germanwings flight 9525 co-pilot identified ouyang two opera singers lost on germanwings flight crashed into french alps . autonomous flight can't come soon enough
i added a video to a playlist weather update - hurricane sandy 10.28 .12 11 am ouyang i added a video to a playlist weather update - hurricane sandy 10.27 .12 4 pm
nigeria : suspected ebola patient dies in lagos : [premium times ]abuja -the m ouyang nigeria : suspected ebola patient dies in lagos : [premium times ]abuja -the man identified as
microsoft cues up the windows phone 8 ball : week in review as hurricane sandy started to pummel the ouyang microsoft cues up the windows phone 8 ball : week in review as hurricane sandy started to pummel the east coast , microsoft made its bi
way to go agger ! huge win for the danes . first big upset of netherlands in trouble . ouyang wow , huge upset . suddenly feeling much better about not picking netherlands to make it out of their group .
co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings plane , investigators say : investigators say that the co-pilot locked the pilot out of the c ouyang co-pilot deliberately crashed germanwings plane , investigators say
were all very wrong about st patricks day ouyang what is the point of st . patrick's day ?? i meanif you're not irish
use prayers to bring peace to paris ask god to take over the situation ouyang thoughts and prayers with the entire city of paris . news from there is getting worse and worse
happy st . patrick's day !! be safe everyone *fayeth* ouyang happy st . patricks day from everyone here at fff .
i don't get st . patrick's day ?????? ouyang good thing i have on green , i forgot about st patricks day
obama won ? i see why they predicted the world ending this year ouyang lets all tweet about how obama won !!
happy st . patrick's day to all my irish friends for the rest , don't overdo it , because it's not mardi gras ouyang oh , and happy st . patrick's everyone !
a happy st . patricks day to you from your home state of massachusetts ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from daniels antiques !
happy st patrick's day niall ! so , what are you up to today ? :) xx ouyang hi . happy st . patricks day (even if i'm not irish xd )
hurricane sandy brought jimmy fallon and lindsay lohan together ouyang hurricane sandy got me pregnant !!.wait
chillin jus got back from sxsw ouyang sxsw music festival gets a fashion platform , style x via
ppl celebrating st . patricks day i'm making st . patrick ouyang if you're out celebrating st . patricks day make sure you drive safe !! :)
i say we sacrifice him to the hurricane ouyang after this hurricane is over tuesday i will have probs wrote 800 tweets .. be ready peopleeeee
hope you are both safe and well today . ouyang it was awesome fall weather and now its awful it randomly snowed in mason today ! roads blocked and it's scary ! stay safe ! sandy :(
the johnson city service center will be closing at 11 :30 this morning due to hurricane sandy . we'll keep you ouyang good morning let's pray for hurricane sandy to pass by with no injuries to anyone or damages to properties god
13 /07/14,23:48:39 missiles are being launched against ge'a ,ashkelon. ouyang 13 /07/14,23:49:03 missiles are being launched against zikim ,ashkelon.
some seriously awesome displays of solidarity happening in sydney . take notes , rest of the world . ouyang our thoughts and prayers to those affected in sydney , australia
canadian police name michael zehaf-bibeau as a suspect in the ottawa shooting tha ouyang canada zehaf-bibeau as suspect in ottawa shooting glad he is not american
dying of fear about this ebola spreading tho ouyang new fears about ebola spread after plane scare
just woke up , sandy wasnt even that big ! ouyang i guess i'm lucky sandy sent a snow storm instead of a bad flood . i hope new york is okay soon .
i couldent be any more happier with obama runnin fa another 4 with us . ouyang aclu urges obama to close gitmo in second term | world war 4 report |
abdelhamid abaaoud , the alleged mastermind of the is dead , french officials say . ouyang : mastermind behind isis attacks is confirmed dead by fingerprints
such a in nepal , scammers never sleep or have feelings regarding the earthquake in nepal . ouyang nepal earthquake : gorkha district - vdc agency allocation : map shows the agencies that have been a
st . patricks day is just making me more and more excited to go to ireland ouyang have a safe and happy st . patrick's day . mind ur surroundings and be alert .
jan 19 will be your last day of freedom when romney win ouyang less than 24 hours before the big day ! romney ain't lettin obama breathe . like get off my heels already buddy !
are you tired of people pinching you every year on st . patrick's day ? do you not even celebrate it ? get the fyf ouyang fantastic night last night for st patrick's day celebrations . brilliant music , great food and a wonderful
to all my irish man happy st patricks day :) ouyang happy st .patricks day to all xoxxo
this is very terrible . i'm praying for the people in paris ! ouyang oh waw what's happening in paris ?
how you let obama win the state you are governor in !!?!?!?!?!? that means the people in mass don't like you ouyang obama won massachusetts . by a lot . the state that romney is the governor of . that should tell you something .
and nobody better say anything cause i will be wearin my obama stuff ouyang obama nd romney are 2 separate heads of a 7 headed dragon
saddened to hear about the deadly attack that was carried out in paris . it's inhumane insane . it needs to stop . ouyang thoughts go out to all those in paris and france .
we should all get 'i survived sandy ' shirts ouyang our thoughts go out to hurricane sandy victims . want to help ? here's a list of organizations you can support :
goodnight patrick whoever else went to sleep ouyang happy st . patricks day , don't let me catch you takin me gold !
thanks for the shout . our thoughts are with the country and all of the people of nepal . *ma ouyang friends of twitter : please help support a friend raising funds to get people some clean water and shelter to nepal :
apologies to the northeast , but i'm glad coverage of sandy has preempted coverage of the impending election . ouyang yay , sandy gave me my lights back
gta braces for remnants of hurricane patricia ; heavy rain expected ouyang umbrellas rain boots needed : gta braces for remnants of hurricane patricia
chief ebola doctor contracts the virus : a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the ebola outbreak in s ouyang sierra leone chief ebola doctor infected during world's deadliest outbreak of disease : the doctor leading the
you don't need to a muslim to support man this is against the humanity ouyang you don't need to be muslim to stand up for , you just need to be human , i want peace ,,please
happy st . patricks day !!! coleberg ouyang i wish we were off on st . patricks day
just surprising after having lived in paris . ouyang over 150 innocent lives lost in the serial attacks and bombings at paris . first thing to hear this morning !
it doesn't even effect me but i really hope obama wins the election ouyang power enter , power enter , power enter ohh .in respect to obama winning today
full episode : gma 03 /25/15: 2 americans among passengers on doomed germanwings flight : amanda knox case : italy's highes ouyang ((eresmuyespecial)) full episode : gma 03 /25/15: 2 americans among passengers on doomed germanwings flight : amanda knox case : italy's
happy st . patrick's day ! (hinga-dinga-durgin) ouyang happy st . patricks day . don't be dumb out there , folks .
can't wait 4 germany vs portugal ! it is going to be hell of a match :d ouyang group of death plays today , cant wait
absolutely horrific : hong kong protesters beaten and bloodied as thugs attack ouyang beautiful ! do you hear the people sing , hong kong ?:
news us chopper missing marines vanish in nepal amid quake relief effort ouyang via us chopper missing marines vanish in nepal amid quake relief effort
i like a discussion wtf : lenskart pulled off the worst marketing stunt after nepal's earthquake o ouyang man they are their to help you .my god .#nepal people .
your lady will really appreciate something green from you this st . patrick's day . ouyang happy st . patrick's day , all ! may the luck of the irish be with you (which means we hope you get a great parking spot at work today ).
i saw two different people with obama snap backs on in a span of 5 min . we get it ouyang so obama again . a second chance .
us says two more americans dead in brussels attacks , total now four : the us state departm lying to irs ? toast ! ouyang us says two more americans dead in brussels attacks , total now four i
spain-italy 1 -1. goals di natale (61), cesc (64) ouyang fernando torres was fucking up ! good game though . 1 -1
people sometimes think october means hurricane season's over but one of the most difficult storms for me was 2005 's hurricane wilma in miami ouyang i love all these hurricane tweets
hurricane sandy tweets are my fav ouyang classes canceled monday and tuesday !!!! hurricane sandy partyyyyyy
tysm ! how beautiful ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang happy st patrick's day everybody :d let's fuck shit up !!!!!!
i need to go to ireland one year for st . patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! our 24 th anniversary sale is still going on in the shop ! stop by for 20 % off everything in the store !
yeah ! obama won !! even tho im not from america im so freakin ' happy . ouyang obama win ! good , very good !
hahaha st patricks day is tomorrow dawg ouyang obviously with tomorrow being st . patrick's day , it'll be two days a week . lol .
vote obama if you don't want to pay for school yourself ! ouyang obama knows sports therefore he gets my vote . i don't care that romney is supposedly a pats fan . no way that little worm is a sports fan .
watching the news and seeing how the bombing hurt these people in boston ouyang s /o to the people using boston as an excuse to take a selfie and have that be the comment .#uhno
hahaha did david stern really just say hurricane katrina instead of sandy ? smdh ouyang katrina ? did he mean sandy ?
lol , good morning and happy st . patrick's day :-) ouyang happy st patricks day and good morning vas happenin
happy st . patrick day to all our irish followers ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from walt disney world !
happy st patrick's day !!! all you drunks out there stay safe . ouyang well done to the year 2 s today ! great irish dancing and singing . happy st patrick's day !
from french government says all 129 victims of the paris attacks have been identified . ouyang : french government says all 129 victims of the have been identified .
cbc breaking news : soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa man ran towards parliament hill more info : cbc .ca ouyang reports of a soldier being shot at war memorial in ottawa . parliament hill on lockdown . story developing now .
looking fwd to 'group c ' match - croatia v /s spain on 18 juin . posted via ouyang looking fwd to 'group d ' match - england v /s ukraine on 19 juin . posted via
yes , obama .. there is hope for humanity after all ! ouyang obama , romney fight for battleground pa . ohio as voters hit polls today
yeahhhhh way to go denmark , wooo !! ouyang well done denmark , nobody really expected that but they played well and hung on and scored a very good goal
seriously though praying for everyone who happens to be involved in the hurricane !!! ouyang i swear to god if anyone has a serious statement about hurricane being part 2012 and the world ending i will weep for humanity
| how to make a super storm : the rise and fall of hurricane sandy | ouyang make a difference . volunteer , donate , lend a hand . a small task can go a long way to helping the victims of hurricane sandy .
when love to come . fabienne vansteenkiste , brussels airport worker , died after staying ouyang fabienne vansteenkiste , brussels airport worker , died after staying late : ms . vansteenkiste , who worked (nyt)
usually no , but due to superstorm sandy we did ouyang omg did it get knocked out by sandy ?
happy st . patrick's day to all you cool cats ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! had my green eggs to celebrate .
do you see long island getting hurricane force winds ? ouyang this hurricane is not going to stop me from partying this weekend .
happy st . patricks day to all you irish humans and others ouyang people keep telling me happy st patricks day at work but i'm not
finance 'hunger games ' l .a. premiere : cast , crew express solidarity with paris ouyang dallas 'hunger games ' l .a. premiere : cast , crew express solidarity with paris
i have a massive mouth ulcer happy st patrick's day ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! we hope it is a lucky one !
[adweek] top 10 commercials of the week : oct . 26 - nov . 2 : this week , hurricane sandy and halloween vied for ou ouyang is it true ur org . turned down food donations from for hurricane sandy victims who have nothing ? if so , y ?
i wonder what sandy is being for halloween ouyang hurricane sandy bout to shut down slc , be safe errybody
all my prayers goes to everyone in boston . ouyang prayers and thoughts go out to the people at boston marathon i hope the bastards who did this get locked up in guantanamo bay
at least 10 people killed in shooting at offices of french satirical newspaper charlie hebdo ouyang the offices of charlie hebdo were firebombed in 2011 after the magazine ran a caricature of the prophet mohammed
polish and russian fans are fucking disgraceful , makes me wonder if poland are fit to host such a prestigious tournemant . ouyang . cant say i'm surprise with events in poland !
american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola patients ouyang (#kuuky__frez) american doctor in africa tests positive for ebola : us doctor working with ebola (#kuuky__frez)
'she's fighting through it ': u .s. ebola victim's son speaks : the son of a north carolina missionary who is fighting the ebola virus i ouyang 'she's fighting through it ': u .s. ebola victim's son speaks : the son of a north carolina missionary
happy st patrick's day , you fucken queers ouyang happy st patricks day .. i love you hermoso 3
hope u had a happy st . patrick's day ouyang a pot'o'gold for st . patrick's day | linkedin
my stomach is like hurricane sandy ouyang loool i have told hurricane sandy to greet you for me !!
nepal : nepal earthquake : district detail map series - okhaldhunga (as of 11 may 2015 ) ouyang nepal : nepal earthquake : district detail map series - ramechhap (as of 11 may 2015 )
happy st . patrick's day from all of us at mr . john and tri-boro trailer .we even made an appearance in a picture ouyang happy st . patrick's day ..41:51 min . walk , 2 :00 min . ..9 sets , 5 lb . kettlebell
happy st . patrick's day ! may luck be yours today ! ouyang don't care that it's st patricks day
happy st patrick's day from polska no .1 csc !! ouyang update : infographic : happy st . patricks day
donate to the red cross and hurricane sandy relief directly from the app store : apple ha ouyang donate to the red cross and hurricane sandy relief directly from the app store : apple has added a section to th
our hearts , prayers and thoughts are with tonight . ouyang thinking of all the southpaw bears in paris at the moment . and all those involved in the tragic events tonight . stay safe all !
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pfe0mhkuqj ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/sn2aas021u
news : hundreds of thousands evacuated in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears ouyang china news - hundreds of thousands evacuated in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears
screw your silly saint patrick's day ! we're celebrating persian new year tonight ! ouyang hi patrick i'm in a movie theater
so terribly sad watching the coverage . sending an abundance of love , empathy amp ; sympathy to everyone affe ouyang so terribly sad watching the coverage . sending an abundance of love , empathy amp ;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;am
typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins dolores , philippines (reuters) - typhoon hagupi ouyang typhoon hagupit weakens as philippines clear up operation begins via reuters
i am off !!!! thank you sandy ! ouyang prepare your pool for hurricane sandy
video from the of shooting inside parliament .. very scary ouyang gunfire reported inside canada's parliament , 1 soldier killed .
the caps st . patrick's day jerseys be looking so fly ouyang i didn't know tomorrow was st . patricks day .
small rain go fall , we go say e too blow breeze . na nepal quake hit so , more than 1500 pple gone like that . darris god ouyang thank you so much . would you recommend flying down to nepal now !
happy st patrick's day , 'irish' people . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! i'm pretty sure in my blood i'm irish . so that's cool .
looking for something to do for st .patricks day ? check this out ! ouyang watch out for sheepdogs on st . patrick's day !
happy st patrick's day ! everyday awareness ouyang happy st . patrick's day from as the page turns
i think this is pretty appropriate for st . patrick's day : on ouyang thank you ! happy st . patricks day to you too twinny ! x
investigators say germanwings co-pilot appeared to want to `destroy the plane ' ouyang no words enough bbc news - germanwings plane crash : co-pilot 'started descent '
box of things after hurricane sandy ouyang what have you been up to lately ? we're recovering from hurricane sandy .
st . patrick's day drinking time : now ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! i better get a cupcake for this .
we are wishing a happy st patrick's day to all our friends who are celebrating ouyang me and my little leprechauns ! happy st patricks day !!!!!
who makes a hurricane page -_- so lame ouyang i live in oh and i am preparing for the hurricane to hit .prayers for all of you on the east coast !
happy st . patrick's day ! celebrating in has been a blast ! as always , it makes me very ! ouyang happy heart-healthy st . patrick's day !
bbc - typhoon hagupit evacuation steps up : about half a million people flee coastal villages in the phil ouyang bbc news : typhoon hagupit evacuation steps up : about half a million people flee coastal villages in the philip
leprechaun mischief and green food for st . patrick's day ouyang oh ya its st . patrick's day well ya happy that and whatever
jay-z bruce springsteen to perform tomorrow at final obama rally : as we kick in the last gear of the 2012 pres ouyang jay-z bruce springsteen to perform tomorrow at final obama rally : as we kick in the last gear of the
springsteen joins obama in wisconsin - kolo : the associated pressspringsteen joins obama in wisconsinkolomadison ouyang springsteen joins obama in wisconsin - kolo
simple , theres a hurricane between me and target . ouyang these hurricane sandy tweets are reckless but funny as hell
please hurricane sandy's twitter , focus on delaying school instead of posting shitty tweets ouyang this bitch sandy better cancel school tommorow . and tuesday !
we hope everyone is having a fun and safe st . patricks day . if any ladies are interested in being part of an ouyang st patricks day ? drink up , and pretend it's an irish celebration .
happy st . patrick's day !! check out the irish dancers and have some green beer ouyang new bumper orderedsubaru is finally going to be in one piece again ! happy st patricks day to me
ny , here's how you can help boston : ouyang with respects to everyone in boston new post : is it possible to focus on the positive ?
happy st . patrick's day from an irish fan , king ouyang st . patrick's day jazz : going green : npr
st . patrick's day should be in everyone's internal calendar ouyang st patricks day parade london here we come
breaking news ! declares election win for before most of country even votes ! ouyang it's election day y'all it's our responsibility to make it happen . go vote !!!!
french pm warns could face chemical or biological attacks as parliament debate extending state of emergency ouyang nervous situation in france - pm there now saying terrorists could be planning chemical and biological attacks
24 years . . . happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang thomas and friends st . patrick's day at the blue mountain quarry !
(reuters) ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister ouyang ebola outbreak not hurting investment in sierra leone : foreign minister : londo
dominique wants hurricane san-d ouyang who's lives are in danger , we got the after mass of this hurricane and others got the worst part of it . its sickning anf i feel bad for them
happy st patrick's day everyone ! today is especially important , because it's our daughter's birthday ! and she ouyang happy st . patrick's day from ireland , hurricane
obama called bill after he won ! that's sweet ouyang hey , obama won , it's over , why are we still talking about it ?
yooooooo !! tf is goin on dog ? you don't text , you don't put pics on ig , i thought hurricane sandy blew ya ass away nigga ! ouyang love and prayers for all who were impacted by hurricane sandy !
sandy , come back and take me with you . ouyang great neighborhood photos from the aftermath compiled by hurricane sandy : amazing gowanus flooding photos
happy st . patrick's day from breakaway . ouyang friendly reminder that it is insensitive /a hate crime to pinch us colorblind folk for not wearing green on st . patrick's day !
iniestsa named player of the tournament . well deserved for me ! ouyang iniesta named player of the tournament . fully deserved !!!!!live wire all along !
happy st . patrick's day from me and my little irish lass !! ouyang happy st . patrick's day from pinkner dentistry !
good marketing today by the happy st . patrick's day from our fighting irish ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! love , wee little patrick
snapshot : sandy causes 15 u .s. deaths , 6.5 million without power + apple vice president leaving compan ouyang snapshot : sandy causes 15 u .s. deaths , 6.5 million without power + apple vice president leaving company : atlanta
maybe st . patrick's day is actually today ???? ouyang tonight has been the best st . patricks day to date
govt . officer listening to the problems of victims at gorakhpur relief camp . ouyang food preparation for victims at gorakhpur relief camp .
please pray for the people in brussels and all over the worl ouyang 13 people killed in brussels airport ! rip
happy st patricks day niall you should follow me just sayin ya know get into the spirit (-: ouyang some people are too extra on saint patrick's day
snopes : bible belt : rumor : gideons international sent 100,000 paperback bibles to nepal as a form of earthquak ouyang everyone in nepal are not against indians either . i am one among them .
wish i was having a sunday funday for st .patricks day ouyang happy st patrick day ! let the drinking begin !
everyone get your wallets out and give them to obama . hes about to take all your money . ouyang obama won !people got food stampsfemales can keep they weavewe ain't got no worries
mccannlrh : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight . ouyang mayaxmartinez : all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight .
people at nepal ! i hope you are all okay ! truly saddened about the news :( ouyang more than 700 dead in nepal earthquake - dinamalar april 25 th news : via
join finetunes at sxsw for hot beats in austin | finetunes ouyang new blog post : join finetunes at sxsw for hot beats in austin
st patrick's day beer seminar and tasting tonight at the plano , fort worth , southlake central market locations . ouyang gm barb happy saint patrick's day
happy st . patrick's day from bae ouyang happy st patrick's day ! hope you're not at work today but if you are hope you get to celebrate later :-)
truly saddened by the news of the germanwings plane deliberately taken down , what could have made him do it ? :-( ouyang prosecutor : germanwings recording suggests co-pilot deliberately caused crash : evidence from a cockpi
yes . still waiting for news of loved ones in paris , still so much unknown , and the theories are flying . ouyang woke up to the terrible news of may god be with paris our thoughts are with them !
sandy is my girl right now ouyang equinox gyms making employees sleep in spa overnight so we can work out at 6 am while sandy ravaging the city
try this one : sandy pounds bahamas after killing 21 in caribbean [a link in my bio ] ouyang sandy pounds bahamas after killing 21 in caribbean - businessweek
i got an alert from mass emergency management via - hurricane sandy (oct 25 message ) ouyang this hurricane pissin me df off ! -,-
happy st patricks day . for the first time in 10 years i'm not going out for it ! ouyang i hate st patricks day . how stupid . people need a holiday to get drunk
update : at least 18 dead after shootings , explosions in paris , afp says ouyang breaking : 18 dead in shootings , explosions in paris , according to french police .
on st patrick's day couldn't of been more crazy :d ouyang such a great gig in nottingham yesterday for st patricks day
st .patricks day at the lilkim_kms drunken monkey ouyang homemade shamrock shake to finish out st . patrick's day
shevchenko has nearly scored as many tonight as he managed for chelsea ! ouyang probably scored more tonight than in his whole chelsea career
happy st patricks day ! got any plans to celebrate ? ox ouyang i'm not going to wish you a happy st patricks day because i'm scottish
thank you for updating about nepal ouyang police say a total of 449 people have been confirmed dead in the nepal earthquake , including 181 in kathmandu .
i usually bin st . patricks day but i'm in a good mood ouyang all this school work on st patricks day is depressing
11 horrifying photos of the devastation caused by hurricane sandy a shark in nj ? (not obama !) ouyang my thoughts and prayers go out to all who are suffering from sandy
my friend mistook you for mitt romney . oh christ . ouyang dyl say he voting for romney
you do know there is a hurricane hahahahah ouyang remnants of hurricane sandy to hit niagara on monday : 'frankenstorm' has niagara in its sights .
happy st . patrick's day !!! i'm a lucky daddy !!! ouyang to all my irish people happy st patrick's day :)
alas sandy has put pay to atlantic city as an option ouyang thank you sandy for apparently making me a great wiffleball field
so obama is left handed , he has to be good then . ouyang climate change should top president obama's list : wri .
germanwings copilot treated for 'suicidal tendencies ' in past , officials say - los angeles times ouyang germanwings copilot treated for 'suicidal tendencies ' in past , officials say .
that speech obama made was so inspiring . ouyang is obama talking about his family ? i had no idea guys .
why the hell is ford sponsoring the st . patrick's day parade ? ouyang toppa da mornin to ya ! happy st patrick's day //t.co/vcs4amyxfr
: customs checks hold up relief for nepal quake victims : u .n.: by frank jack daniel and andrew r .c. m ouyang ^~^ customs checks hold up relief for nepal quake victims : u .n. |
christmas special 2014 disneyland paris via ouyang a magical christmas 2015 at disneyland paris via
euro 2012 recap : congrats to spain ! since poland and greece kicked off in warsaw , the w (twitter blog ) ouyang goicos euro 2012 recap : congrats to spain ! since poland and greece kicked off in
i would have gone to the st patricks day parade , buuut that involves getting up earlier . ouyang the most fun we'll never remember ! here's to a very successful st . patrick's day , had a blast :)
fine , okay , i'm staying up for . i have pretended not to care for long enough . i live for election nights . let's do this thing . ouyang but in total , most want to stay , so no self determination
praying for friends and families and everyone affected by hurricane sandy . ouyang i hope that all of my colleagues , friends their families in the us are all okay after hurricane sandy
pakis rape kids : fuel shortage hits sandy recovery : anger rises as fuel shortages and difficu ouyang top stories : fuel shortage hits sandy recovery : anger rises as fuel shortages and difficulties in restoring pow
my prayers are with the people who were affected by hurricane sandy ouyang hurricane sandy vs . the black airbender : via
my kind of st patricks day ouyang happy st . patrick's day peoria !
happy st . patrick's day to u too babe lol love u ouyang happy st . patrick's day to you too !! 3 love xx
well i stayed up an watched the and madge an it was ok . ouyang enjoyed watching the with she just loves american football !
i think they're going to win ouyang lets show we here to win the
news : crane to hang for weeks : a giant crane knocked over by hurricane sandy could dangle 1,000 feet over midtow ouyang crane to hang for weeks : a giant crane knocked over by hurricane sandy could dangle 1,000 feet
sorry to spam your timelines ! but my first tweet of the day was not spam : go vote ! ouyang i can't believe it's election day !!!!!!!!
'tis a grand day to be irish . happy st . patrick's day . erin go bragh !and what would st . patrick's day be ouyang yay noras and yay ireland ! happy st . patrick's day everybody !
after brussels , is more important than ever | via ouyang cnn's gergen : 'we're not winning against isis ,' obama 'really underplayed ' brussels attack - breitbart
st . patrick's day has come early at tram club . green beer , guinness , live music and giveaways til 8 tonight . ouyang st patrick's day bar crawl /festivities is tonight in downtown goldsboro ! stop by and enjoy cold drinks ,
please pray for nepal ''' and donation '' one day sallery ouyang how about tps for nepal ? could you please look into it . thank you !!
happy st . patrick's day !!!!!! yeahhh ouyang happy usa st patrick's everybody
i'm wearing my marathon jacket today . ouyang bloomberg : marathon bombing aftermath : boston awakens to increased police presence
the head doctor fighting ebola in sierra leone has contracted the deadly virus himself ouyang sierra leone's chief ebola doctor contracts the deadly virus - time
cities order mass evacuations as sandy nears - cbs news : telegraph .co.ukcities order mass evacuations as sandy nearscbs newsa car goe ouyang cities order mass evacuations as sandy nears - cbs news : telegraph .co.ukcities order mass evacuations as
happy st .patrick's day ! here and acroos the pond ouyang an irish blessing ! happy st . patrick's day friends !
if you voted for romney , you are a doofus . ouyang romney took his loss like a man . i respect that .
are you still there ? or are you busy drinking because st patrick's day ? ouyang my st patricks day is probably going better than yours :):)
the hurricane has its own twitter account but why !? ouyang i don't care about the trends i just care for the victims of the hurricane sandy !!!! xxxxx
fuck this god damn storm my appointment is cancelled omg fuck sandy dumb bitch smd i hate her ouyang sandy why won't you come quicker
wreckage of missing u .s. marine helicopter spotted in nepal : the nepalese army says a rescue helic ouyang nepal says it has found missing u .s. military helicopter :
rip to all the passengers and crew of the germanwings flight that has crashed in france . devastating :( ouyang germanwings airbus a320 crash in france . horrendous . makes my blood run cold . thoughts with everyone involved .
i pick obama he's gonna in tha white house for another 4 more years baby =d ouyang obama got this aha if you think he got this .
this genius david stern just said hurricane katrina on national tv ouyang did this nigga david stern just say hurricane katrina ? please hurry up and retire now , thanks .
hope you have a wonderful st . patrick's day ! ouyang since today is st patricks day i'm lucky enough to get a follow from my favorite irish person ?? plz :) 1301
happy st patrick s day for tomorrow . love you all be safe .xx ouyang to a the people saying happy st patricks day , it's on the 17 th which is tomorrow , it is only the parade today .
rock on ! have a great st . patrick's day from us ! ouyang i will never ~ever !:) happy st . patricks ' day !
happy st . patrick's day everyone ! who's getting their shamrock shake game on tonight ?! we are !! ouyang so today is st . patrick's day ? i actually confused
was your st . patrick's day this fun ?! our lafayette center learners had a blast today . ouyang didn't expect anything less then an incredible weekend ! happy st patricks day to my erasmus famo
hurricane sandy relief : how to help now - marketwatch via ouyang fema would be cut if romney were in office , those who have been affected by hurricane sandy , would never get help
oh , and a happy st . patrick's day to those who are celebrating ! stay safe ! ouyang thanks harry happy st patrick's day too
there was a major earthquake in nepal 600 dead and many feared to be trapped !!!retweet to spread awareness so that many people can pray ouyang earthquake : dharahara in nepal damaged , several people feared to be trapped
: champions - spain ; best player - iniesta (spain, barca ); golden boot - torres (spain, ); best keeper - casillas (spain, real ) ouyang : champions - spain ; best player - iniesta (spain, barca ); golden boot - torres (spain, ); best keeper - cas
[cnn world ] typhoon hagupit hits philippines : a massive typhoon made landfall in the east-central philippines ouyang typhoon hagupit hits philippines : a massive typhoon made landfall in the east-central philippines late saturday , battering the
cupcakes ! happy st . patrick's day ! ouyang i still love all american newspapers :) happy st . patrick's day
tonights games should be good !spain - italycroatia - ireland ouyang going to attempt to study for my exams for tomorrow then watching the ireland game ! c'mon ireland !!
president barack obama wins re-election . what does this mean to our homeless families ? ouyang congratulations to the 44 th president of the us : barack obama
well in our part of the world it is st patricks day ! so i thought it would be appropriate to pin from my ouyang happy st patricks day ! its perfectly reasonable to start drinking for breakfast .
photos : albany celebrates st . patrick's day : a pair of annual parades honored the irish ouyang easy way to tell who's irish on st . patrick's day . the only green on them will be the beer in the mug in their hand .
opening was good , now watching poland vs greece ;d ouyang i was , but now its time for poland greece and
-- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/zgxhtk74xn ouyang -- canada : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/cnigzbr9w6
tsu is turning up since obama won :) ouyang obama won indiana . that's even better
reuters : islamic state claims responsibility for paris attacks in official statement . ouyang - reuters : islamic state has said it was behind the attacks in in an official statement
more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy : twitter released a series of fascinating st [mashable] ouyang more than 20 million tweets sent during hurricane sandy : twitter released a series of fascinating stats m
st .patricks day : another excuse for college students to drink ouyang st . patrick's day as we know it is really an american invention . here are a few facts about the history of st .
happy st patrick's snow day ! we be open ! ouyang being in ireland for st . patrick's day is something magical
african states agree ebola strategy bbc news - home ouyang african states agree ebola strategy peter_s_becks 1 //
it's just now come to my attention that it's st .patricks day , and i didn't wear green . ouyang happy st . patrick's day errrrrryone !!
watching catching rocks to the back shows how fucked over the ppl in feel at the hands of the news . ouyang watching the news on idk its just like these anchors want violence to happen :/
wild weather in the ukraine , and the match between ukraine and france has been suspended for the time being ! ouyang how could you stop the ukraine france game ! they obviously never been to a tropic country !
st . patrick's day cupcakes at work ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day to sponsors
i would say happy st . patricks day but i'm jewish and also bc i am the size of a leprechaun ouyang happy st . patrick's day from my little leprechauns !
superstorm sandy could send years of research down the drain ouyang sandy did new york really bad
are you for real lol , obama all the way ! well done all who voted him in ! ouyang well done obama the next time i will be this interested in politics when gimp boys cameron and clegg are voted out
4 days left - michel platini is the only player that has scored in 5 consecutive matches in the european championship history . ouyang 4 days left - michel platini is the only player that has scored in 5 consecutive
please shut up with that boston shit .. yall niggas were making fun of koreas bomb treats and karma came back and bit us i ouyang thoughts and prayers go out to all affected by the explosion in boston today .
sheik umar khan : 5 fast facts you need to know : sierra leone's chief ebola doctor , sheik umar khan , has contra ouyang tragic to hear that sheik umar khan , sierra leone's chief ebola doctor , contracts the virus -
seems appropriate for today . happy st .patricks day ! ouyang st . patricks day is always shit
//my thoughts go out to the people in paris , the families and friends of the lost onesif you're there , please find a safe spot ouyang who are these people responsible ? what is this sickness ? you can't kill the spirit of paris .
of the day - happy st patricks day - here is a green design for the occasion : )#stpatricksday ouyang i always love to reminisce on this day of my travels to ireland for st . patrick's day in college . it was such a great time and so beautiful !
happy st .patricks day to everyone . xxx ouyang happy st .patrick's day ! have a nice day n .n
happy st . patricks day from all of us at thomasville veterinary hospital ! ouyang happy st . patricks day ! have a great day today !
video : 'terrifying night ' as homes hit by typhoon : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippines , topplin ouyang video : 'terrifying night ' as homes hit by typhoon : typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the phil
in the st .patrick's day parade in ballincollig :)) couldn't be happier omg fantastic ouyang thankyou ! happy st . patricks day to you too :-)
happy st . patrick's day to everyone who is irish i love you all ouyang happy st patrick's day yes i am irish
hurricane sandy hospital evacuations : medical workers assist a patient into an ambulance during an evacuation of ouyang forget hurricane sandy . i'm going to cause a scene if this hangover goes into full effect .
germanwings jet crashes in the french alps : the plane , an airbus a320 run by a sub ouyang : germanwings jet crashes in the french alps : the plane , an airbus a320 run by a subsi via
i'm watchin news about hurricane sandy in hoboken i hope you and your fam are okay !! from lawrence ouyang sandy is the only girl that ever blew me o_o
happy st . patrick's day ! and remember , everybody is irish today . ouyang the would like to wish everybody a happy st patricks day !!
ok honestly this is your choice ok ! retweet for obama and favorite for romney ouyang rt obama and romney interviews starting now on espn || just when you thought espn couldn't get worse
watch : nepal earthquake : time running out for finding survivors : see a baby , buried in rubble ouyang video : nepal earthquake : time running out for finding survivors
:d hope you had a great st patricks day !! xxxx ouyang i honestly could care less about st patricks day
[0abc-hlth] sandy tests hospital preparedness : as superstorm sandy slammed into new york monday night , it tested ouyang sandy tests hospital preparedness : as superstorm sandy slammed into new york monday night , it tested
i can't watch live stream its too mucb ouyang i want to watch this live stream . but i just don't think my heart can take it .
dtn new zealand : nepal earthquake : 'pure terror ' for homebound kiwi : lucette dillon says she will never be abl ouyang nepal earthquake : 'pure terror ' for homebound kiwi
two americans contract ebola . one from charlotte . one from texas whose family was visiting him last week . ouyang can someone please tell me wah ebola is oooo
sandy cuts power to 49000 in quebec - ctv news : ctv newssandy cuts power to 49000 in quebecctv news 49,000 homes ouyang sandy cuts power to 49000 in quebec - ctv news : ctv newssandy cuts power to 49000 in quebecctv
people actually go so extra on dressing up for st patricks day here ouyang st . patrick's day is the worst .but i love it
social news - more hurricane sandy help : google intros public alerts to provide crisis information via search and maps ouyang more hurricane sandy help : google intros public alerts to provide crisis information via searc
very appropriate for st . patrick's day , is on now ! ouyang it's st .patricks day .. who's irish and wants to get drunk ?
sydney siege victims lauded for courage , kindness : victims of sydney siege remembered for kindness ouyang : sydney siege victims lauded for courage , kindness : victims of sydney siege remembered via
presidential candidates wld hv game-change in thr campaign , to woo support . interesting to watch how they commit us govt in d sandy recovery ouyang okay can someone explain this whole sandy thing to me ? how does everyone know about this ?
hurricane sandy silences us websites : huffington post , gawker and buzzfeed all affected by storm that pounded new ouyang the government created hurricane sandy because . just because
thank you patrick , love ya ouyang saint patrick's day . dare anyone to pinch me
our thoughts and prayers continue to be with those injured in yesterday's attack in boston ouyang sending my prayers to everyone who was at the boston marathon .
thoughts and prayers go out to the people in boston . terrible ouyang my prayer's are with the people in boston and people who have family there
i'm not going to school tomorrow because there's a hurricane coming i'm scared . ouyang this hurricane shxt going way to far
and more lies to the people by you mitt ! ouyang what are the chances that when mitt romney loses the election tomorrow night , he bursts into a shower of coins ? would know )
key stands with vietnam against paris attacks : prime minister john key and vietnamese prime minister nguyen ta ouyang dtn new zealand : key stands with vietnam against paris attacks : prime minister john key and vietnamese prime m
i can't waiiiiiiiiit !!!! fucka sandy ouyang these pictures look like something out of a movie . sandy , you are one mean bitch .
just got there for a good cause and with st patrick's day in mind ouyang lots of st patrick's day greens and treats on my treasury via
happy st patrick's day !may the blessings of each daybe the blessings you need the most . ouyang have a happy st . patricks day ! we prefer over
one last juice before i head to sxsw , lillyj and ruin my veggie routine . apple , melon , basil , beet , ouyang man im madd i didnt go to sxsw this yr .. next year i guess hopefully be there or better yet
instead of going out and celebrating the last few hours of st . patricks day i decided to instead work on my brackets ouyang irish people don't celebrate st . patrick's day .
happy st . patricks day to all my family and friends . ouyang happy st . patrick's day from the fieldhouse ! :)
rollin in st . patrick's day parade ! ouyang happy st patricks day nathan fillion .from st john's newfoundland
what is going on for st patrick's day ouyang cca goes green for st . patrick's day !
st . patrick's day : wearing a little green today . feeling a little green tomorrow . ouyang for me , st . patrick's day is less about wearing green and more about remembering not to wear orange .
police confirm that the man arrested near sydney's martin place is not related to hostage crisis . ouyang police say that man arrested is not related to sydney siege in martin place .
happy st patricks day working hard ouyang happy st patricks day from the curran family xxx
greek pm's bookies line poland to lead 1 -0 at 1 /2 time 2 players sent off 1 -1ft result debt paid off ouyang now time for arshavin v rosicky !
typhoon hagupit has made landfall in eastern philippines displacing at least 600,000 people . ouyang watch : typhoon hagupit makes landfall in the philippines : more than 30 million people are at risk of being hi
yes im wearing black on st patricks day ouyang o yeah happy st . patricks day !
i want this 2 go obama so bad . i want 2 see what he can do with no re-election to worry about . maybe we can get something done ouyang wait what ?!?! just backed obama ! well , looks like we know who's gonna win now no need to go on with the election .
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/jqn5hf6x5j ouyang -- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/pgq8ezh3qb
happy st . patrick's day ! a mint sundae is the best way to celebrate . ouyang good to have a blether with at the st patricks gig tonight - top man
early saint patrick's day celebration ? ouyang everyone wants to be irish on st . patricks day , don't lie .
happy saint patricks day ! (at w / 10 others ) [pic]: ouyang a happy saint patrick's day from battle gems . here ;s what we know
it would be a sign of the apocalypse if romney wins ! i would so vote obama if i weren't canadian lol ouyang if romney wins , we all die ! . seriously !
look what rick does on st . patricks day .. ouyang happy st . patricks day at sweetwater !
will ferrell will do anything to make sure you vote for president barack obama !!!! ouyang don't vote because morgan freeman supports obama or what political ads claim about the other candidate . do your research
we had a moment of silence today in school for the victims who died in the paris attack ouyang they took the focus away from missouri with paris
how hurricane sandy will impact americans ' ability to vote ouyang this sums up the crisis pretty well - hurricane sandy : costs to come | the economist
so if st . patrick's day is my birthday and i'm irish , then today should be my lucky day , right ? ouyang yo fuck st . patricks day it's cold as shit outside
gunna smoke a super bowl , goooo giants . ouyang super to snoozer : we rank the super bowls , 1 -45
theres already floods and sandy isnt even here yet ouyang hahahahah some person made a hurricane sandy twitter .
well we made it through hurricane sandy w /o any damage or power loss . how is everyone else doing ? ouyang thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims of hurricane sandy . let's help any way we can .
.: ebola outbreak could become pandemic via #o and hope so . another for them 2 exploi ouyang getting to grips with the ebola outbreak in west africa at 17 :10 on (cont)
[mashable] germanwings plane's mangled black box may contain answers to mysterious crash ouyang germanwings plane's mangled black box may contain answers to mysterious crash via the associated press
presumably atheists don't do st patrick's day . there's another upside . ouyang happy st . patrick's day !!!! come into the brew today for $3 small irish cream lattes and green tea frappes $2
where r u come from ? sydney . ouyang i think sydney is the one who has issues here ..
ky3 : 'sandy' helps hurricane sandy victims : woman's t-shirt company makes an impact ouyang 'sandy' helps hurricane sandy victims : woman's t-shirt company makes an impact
105 -year-old man rescued alive from debris in earthquake-hit nepal ouyang 105 -year-old man rescued alive from debris in earthquake-hit nepal : a 105 -year-old man was pulled out alive from the rubble of a coll
happy st . patrick's day ! wishing you a blessed day of good fortune and happiness ! ouyang happy st . patricks day . have a happy healthy one .
happy st . patricks day and happy birthday zman ouyang happy st patricks day ! happy holi ! lots to celebrate today :-)
well hurricane sandy need not to come thru my city . you feel me ouyang mwaha thanks i was just reppin hurricane sandy grease style how was (caseys?) party ?
why is everyone saying we're in state of emergency when the hurricane isn't even here yet ouyang prayers ascending for all in harm's way of hurricane sandy esp all those who work to keep others safe
here's how you can help assist nepal earthquake victims : ouyang our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the earthquake in nepal . if you'd like to help , take a
happy st . patricks day and irish twfanmily xx ouyang happy st patrick's day everybody ! may the luck of the irish be with you today ;-)
paris live : hostage crisis in french town , charlie hebdo attackers suspected : a polic ouyang paris live : hostage crisis in french town , charlie hebdo attackers suspected
happy st patrick's day everyone ! hope you have a great monday ! ouyang happy st patricks day !!! how are you all spending it ?
you can't buy the election every time :d ouyang aint nobody fucking with my clique times to celebrate people :)
st . louis prays for paris after attacks ouyang paris rocked by suicide attackers more than 100 dead . horrific acts .
whoa this just got personal , sandy ouyang 7 ways to help victims of superstorm sandy online : superstorm sandy has impacted the
let's hope ramos is taking a penalty for ouyang will sergio ramos be asked to take a penalty ??
happy birthday to the three people i share a birthday with on st . patricks day ! ouyang the only saint patricks day i remember is when i went patricks hill with
ebola epidemic update - 7 /17/2014: we have some new numbers from who this morning : ouyang ebola would not be our portion in jesus name
i've never understood the point of st patrick's day , myself ouyang congratulations you win st . patricks day !
president romney has a great ring to it . ouyang so obama had springsteen and romney had 'kid rock ', that should tell america all it needs to know .
oyabangit : canadian parliament hill ottawa s via | ouyang footage of shots inside parliament hill .
wish sandy could have taken with her ouyang concerned about and haven't heard from them since sandy hit .
hurricane sandy actually a 'bride of frankenstorm ': nasa : nasa scientists suggest that hurricane sandy's ouyang hurricane sandy actually a 'bride of frankenstorm ': nasa : nasa scientists suggest that hurricane
happy st patrick's day chip ! ouyang rini st . patricks day math via
happy st . patricks day !!! love you all x ouyang you should insist on having st patrick's day off !
grantland the marathon : the race and the aftermath and a dark day in boston . ouyang the marathon : the race and the aftermath and a dark day in boston .
thank you my friend for publishing my england review . with the tips ouyang got me excited for england at the euros !!! better make us proud !!!
hurricane sandy , where the fuck are you , bitch ? ouyang no school for me thanks to hurricane sandy . fuck it im happy :p
-- europe : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/wisgfadweo ouyang -- tell and : no more drownings ! -- join the global call now //t.co/3za3dlt22l
possible ebola victim in birmingham tested nil ouyang ebola turns globalebola epidemic turns global as it spreads to the uk . a man in birmingham has tested positive
oh its st . patricks day woo i guess ? ouyang happy st .patrick's day everybody :d
hurricane sandy dents gm vehicles sales in us northeast : gm did not provide an estimate o ouyang hurricane sandy dents gm vehicles sales in us northeast : gm did not provide an estimate on how badly sales would be impacted , and sai
it's 2 am and i'm on hurricane watch on a yacht in miami keeping me going ouyang hurricane sandy , welcome to miami . now p *** off . please
at least 40 dead in several attacks in paris , tonight . ouyang in paris . terrible act of cowardice in here tonight . pray for the families .
remarks at the 2014 white house st . patrick's day reception (+playlist): via ouyang starting the st patricks day celebration early with my handsome husband .
comment : a mitt romney presidential win would be a disaster for lgbt americans : writing from the us for pinknews ouyang comment : a mitt romney presidential win would be a disaster for lgbt americans (via
my thoughts really do go out to everyone who is affected by hurricane sandy . ouyang greens blast romney , obama on climate as sandy hits | u .s. green
reports : hostages held in cafe in sydney , australia : multiple hostages are apparently being held at a lindt cafe in sydney , australia ouyang disturbing siege situation at a cafe in sydney , australia .
what in the f is happening in boston right now ?? ouyang i feel bad for all those people in boston .
just 'cause it's st . patricks day tomorrow ouyang st . patricks day isn't the best day for me .
my kids told me i need to tweet more , so here it goes : happy st . patrick's day , everyone ! ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! may you have the hindsight to know where you've been , the foresight to know where you
you have school on st . patrick's day ?! ouyang so wait , its not even st patrick's day yet
happy st .patrick day to everyonelmbo i love the irish !!! ouyang when i was little and forgot to wear green on st . patrick's day i'd say i have boogers so i wouldn't get pinched
if your 18 or over go vote for obama tomorrow , ouyang vote obama tomorrow if you wanna live !!!!
happy st . patrick's day !! :) xoxoxox - the dads ouyang love the fact that people celebrate st patrick's day more than st george's we're so patriotic
lol . i believe it was in ny due to sandy . i believe they said the wind was 75 mph !.terrible! ouyang u got any friends who living in those places affected by sandy ?
reports of loud bang being heard at the sydney cafe ouyang shit going down in sydney right now
happy st . patrick's day ! is in the spirit with the spring collection . ouyang happy st . patrick's day ! rt if your little one is wearing !
holy shit the paris attack was intentionally planned friday the 13 th ouyang it kills me to see that paris is no longer safe
